"Walter put a lot ofgoddamn money in his billfold, that's why."
Everybody nice and fucking comfy now?
I feel like a jackass now.
"Get out of here, you vultures!"
He could actually die here.
They should be buried.
He's sick in his head.
"And he was oddly squeamish about his own asshole, which is weird."
"If I do that, they'll hang you for murder."
A river of dirty money running through here.
I will knock you from here to Rudolph's house if you abandon me.
Sounds like that bull is just dying to shoot.
Built on a foundation of fucking granite.
"And again, fuck off!"
Because it touched your... junk.
May we not kill one another?
"Where were you around midnight last night? Oh, you son of a bitch!"
"The lawyer you turned me onto... shit, I don't know what that motherfucker did, but whatever it was..."
"Turtle, you will end up like Plaxico, shooting yourself."
Soothe the fucking nerves.
We will need to kill more than five hundred Daroth.'
I'll sue your ass so fast you'd-
"I want you to know, because of you, I'm hooked on this shit."
"Honestly, Trager, if I'd have known about the stupid Girl Code, I never would have done it."
"Roland barthes was a French philosopher, and if you knew anything about the history of... now is it true you've been injecting yourself with semen from baby pigs?"
"Your shit's over there, man."
You'd better fuck him good.
He reeked of stale cigarettes.
"""You take damned good care of me, Utrillo Barbousse,"" he said."
"‘I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again,’ Thibor gave his chains a last, frustrated jerk."
"It's like the blondes here, the sun fucks up their skin."
"His wife arrives tomorrow, I can snatch her."
What the hell's wrong with people?
Poverty sucks.
You can't just burst in here blowing out candles like it's your bloody birthday.
Where the piss in the men's room smells two thousand years old and there's always a sodden Camel butt unraveling in the toilet bowl?
My baby's sex.
"Well, let's get our asses on the road."
"But it's not just him, it's the whole goddamn contraption, the machinery, the bellows, the levers, the steam nozzles, the diesel engine, or whatever."
Do you like stabbing people?
"It poisons enterprise, kills it dead, dead."
Now I don't even know why the hell you're standing here.
You were the darkest part of yourself.
He still wants to make love to you.
"Well, I'm going to scrub you till you're raw."
Your father is very upset with you cavorting with drug addicts and fringe elements.
"But, Hitler must be finished off."
"Once we are out of sight, take him back to Florin and throw him in the Pit of Despair."
"Yeah, I got shit to do. So..."
"Wants to portray himself, but I do get frustrated, like shut up, Do get frustrated, like shut up, I don't want to hear your mouth."
Shit! How can you use the words scrawny and bossy in one day?
Your pedophile gonna walk?
That is no way to talk to the man who might take a bullet for you.
ACP was a dinosaur doomed to extinction.
"You got credit card fraud, corruption of a minor, statutory rape, and now you graduated to murder."
A ramp is going to cost a fortune in staff and clean up and the effect on the women - We're talking about the fucker who killed Meg!
"It seemed in retrospect that I was being given an opportunity to have a small chuckle at Jean Nguyen's expense and thereby to even the scales, in some small but symbolically important sense, for the pig shit incident."
I had to go to the fucking shops.
You can work that shit all night.
The fucking blonde one.
"Well, they were fucking great guys."
"Anyway, even though he's a schmuck and..."
"Gotta go to a place where I can get a shot, a beer, steak maybe... ...not more fucking pancakes."
"Silly to go hundreds of miles just for something like this, especially at your age.'"
If that is true... ...then Command is about to bomb my father and the rest of those prisoners... ...and I cannot stop them.
Murdered.
You're gonna have Shonte Junior down under goddamn 400 pounds.
Well... we'll round up these young men... and put a little COMSTAT on their ass.
"Crap at work, you know."
Goddamn.
"You've not got a fucking clue what you want, have you? Not a fucking clue."
So gross.
Long Beach Mike is a fucking scumbag.
I should've slapped Mrs. Teasdale's face when she told it to me.
"What's it got, fruit or some bullshit in there?"
"Men are gonna get killed here today, Sue."
One of them big fuckers... ...or like one of them little hairdresser types?
"He says he loves her, tells Mike Snell to go fuck himself, and puts in for a transfer."
Idea for song - murder.
"You know, she is the one getting married, and I didn't want to spring it on her because Lyndsey is not the girl you want to get angry unless you're about to have sex with her, 'cause then she turns into a freak, and I don't know why I'm saying this."
"This woman comes here and, like fools, we greet her and make much of her."
"And when it's all over, I'll have that much more reason to despise you stinking aristocrats.'"
Fuck him. We don't need him anymore.
"I married a big Memphis doctor, worked my ass off to put him through medical school... and soon as he became rich and famous, he traded me in for a younger model."
Reminder: He makes funny noises when I kiss his neck.
At the hell is she doing going out with me?
"Well,... like it or not,... you're a dog."
"If Jenny's ready, perhaps we'll shoot off."
"Now get your shit, let's go."
"""That's nigher where it is,"" said Joe;"
This weapon kills on the first shot.
"Can we just shoot this,please?"
Knock him down!
"Well, until you get your money from over in Marks, I'm taking this shit."
Get off me!
That means that he fired the gun empty... ...and then stopped to reload... ...so that he could shoot each of them again.
We're in the middleof a goddamn minefield!
I have strangled the innocent as they slept.
"He'll kill again first chance he can, but he won't kill the old couple."
"Now Omnius must be excised like a cancer, obliterated from Giedi Prime."
Brock is sick in here.
Come forward so that I may smite thy with my mighty blade!
Then came here and everything was fucked.
Me and Mike are sick of your laziness.
"As this seems to be a time for truth... you're quite a mediocre painter, Teddy."
"I'm so fucking smart, I scare myself."
Knocks vampires right out.
"Lord knows, Doyle ain't a good one with his mean ass."
"""Big shout-out to the fat cats of North America."
What kind of a traitor would shop another traitor?
I fucked everything up!
"There's a rope around my neck right now, and they only hang you once."
Because training is a fool's process.
"Bjørn, get the hell out"
"Well, I've got just enough piss on me to kill what's left of it."
How about I give him the mercy of a quick death?
What the hell did you do?
I don't have to tell you a blasted thing.
"Now, do you want to talk about your nephew, or do you want to have sex?"
"You're the new Jesus Christ, and I am counting on you to close like a motherfucker."
"Sure, sit on Morgan's boner."
"Lady, you don't know shit about shit."
I went over and pulled it right out of his goddam hand.
This is fucking cold!
And you're cool 'cause you don't give a shit.
"I don't know, it's coming out of your mouth, so it must be stupid."
"Maybe I don't want to do dumb stuff with you all the time, but..."
The man walked in the fucking room - and you shot him! - MCARTHUR:
"The mathematical probability, the odds of one of these suckers getting... ...lost in space... We're talking 1 to 1429."
"""Then let me take my life after I've settled the generals."""
Everybody ends up leaving this damned island.
Ass! Unbelievably gigantic!
"I can't fucking believe we have to go through this again. - boys, it wasn't that bad."
"And now, you come in here talking about monkey tattoos on some drunk lady's tit like it's a goddamn drug conspiracy."
"You're a sick girl, Kristen. If you want to get better, you must trust me now."
"Suck it, Gilgamesh!"
"They gave an occasional warning, though, so Garraty supposed you couldn't call them dumb."
You're a god damned genius.
"He hid them in the smoke detectors so he could videotape guys jerking off, and he put them on the Internet."
A rude boy on the bank immediately yelled out to a lagging chum to “hurry up and see real monkey on a stick.”
You are blabbermouth and alcoholic.
You just fucking hit me?
I think he's working for Alex Gazaniga doing pet grooming or some shit like that.
"Dude, you made all this just by selling junk on your computer?"
"It's all right, Mr. Henreid... you don't know any better. Shut up, you mouthy old bastard!"
Even I felt a little something in my lady loins when he did that magic sex dance.
You think I didn't fucking know?
You're going to recycle that same crap ass apology you gave Mason Lockwood?
"“Shit or git,” one of the roustabouts said, and there was nervous laughter."
I hate 'em.
"You are playing with fire, dragging them into this nonsense."
We are going to get to The World's End if it kills us.
"I mean I know what it's supposed to be, but I ain't fucking used to it."
"My mother was liar, and her mother was a liar, And your mother is a liar."
Lf this is some sick game between you...
"I mean, gays and lesbians have not been fighting for these rights for 40 years to be made a mockery of."
Hate me later.
And I think it's time that you and I were man and... Lame.
"Marty, I've got a mortgage. I'll tell you what, eight thousand five hundred, not a penny less. Damn right!"
"I'd like to be her, dumpy like her!"
"I'm, like, born again and shit!"
SELVA SHOES s.r.o.
"""So the poor sod cuts its throat the next morning 'cause it lost its charge, its trust, courtesy of ushell, Miles."
"Gets confusing, especially weddings, I'm rubbish at weddings, especially my own."
"If I find a pearl, I'll cut you in."
"Don't fuckin' ruin things, OK? Don't do it."
"Like the guy who runs it is Norman Bates or something, he dresses up in his mother's clothes and stabs his customers."
"Even as we speak, my men are slaughtering all those still loyal to Uther."
Did Gandhi go on a sex-fueled road trip with some little communist hottie to protest British occupation?
"All right, I don't know what's going on with you two dorks. That's enough."
"Your gods are made with human hands and are deaf, dumb and blind."
"“Shut up!” others had cried, and the youth had been beaten bloody by three others in the line before Coledy’s police could pull him out; but others wept, and still stood in line with their applications for passes clutched in their hands."
I knew this wouldn't be easy but this is ridiculous!
"If Rahl gets his hands on this box, he'll chop off more heads than there are in the entire kingdom of Tamarang."
I just came to say I'm sorry for punching you in the face.
You are a shinobi.
"You put a bullet in him, he'll go down like any other."
"Not the bullshit country we pretend to be, The one we really are -"
"And so much for the Virgin Queen, you bad, bad boy!"
Crap Bag?
Bad Ass. I remember your mother.
Have a go. Try and hit that white one.
"Hey, hey, hey, look. I don't mind if you wanna play method Mussolini to this bunch of failed drama school rejects... - but you dock my check one more time- - Victor. thou wilt feel the wrath of a fuckin' beat-down."
But won't they hang me?
What is this shit?
Lester’s bull was the only damn animal I ever knew of that turned really mean.
"Sarah, stop it. You don't fucking believe this guy?"
You gotta starve the pigs for a few days... ...then the chopped-up bodywill look like curry to a pisshead.
So... so I become their little fantasy girl for five bucks a pop and make 'em forget for a fleeting fuckin' instant that their wives and kids can't stand the fuckin' sight of them.
What the hell happened to you?
Why the hell did you tell him that?
"These new guys stare at the butthole in my cheek and the black skin on my face, yellow and green around the edges, and they call me sir."
I open with a virgin.
We could go to jail for years for this shit.
Sit the fuck down.
He's probably gonna kill whoever did it.
"That monster Jim Girty killed fourteen Christians with his sledge-hammer."""
"So... ...you went to university, you got yourself a first-class degree... ...a prestigious law prize... ...worked with a bunch of fat cats...."
"With a tiger spring he turned on her, and his right hand was feeling for her throat."
"""You have about five seconds to tell me why you have invaded my awesome solitude before I boot your Shapeless Ass out of here."""
You paid us trinkets to kill a prince.
"Come on, dude, get your shit together, man."
That sounds like a porno. Wade.
"And if I knew, you think I'd tell you and this fucking camera?"
I used to be a dickhead.
Stop being a pussy.
I could sew my lips shut and still never have a body like yours.
Do you have any idea who you are fucking with?
"I don't even know what that way is, but I'm sure you'll probably make some really shitty art about it."
"Oh, for fuck's sake, don't cry."
"I mean, I'm out of commission for a few weeks and suddenly, there's lizard people, geriatric psychopaths, and you're cooking up werewolves out of every self-esteem-deprived adolescent in town."
I've tied you up because I don't know if you really want to kill yourself or just fake it to prepare for your escape plan
I'll take a hit.
"Damn dirty job, but someone's gotta do it."
Perfect timing... because my day didn't suck enough yet.
When you're dead forever.
Only the sickest lady chef in history.
is there anyone in the Five Points you haven't fucked?
And he was the shogun's decapitator.
"We do everything for him, made him over a million dollars, and he says shit like that?"
Bastard! She's your type.
"""Damn who?"" I asked, but at that moment we flew out over the garden area on the south end of the Keep and saw what was there."
"Yeah, two years pussyology."
'You don't have this pressing urge to run outside and stick your head in a water butt?' said Ridcully.
"I'm straight up thug, and I'm proud of it."
I'll cut off my moustache.
By threatening to shoot her?
suck harder.
"For there is nothing so delightful to a vampire than to torment, torture and tap the life fluids of another or others of his own kind."
But it was useless.
I knew it. Shit!
"Well, I saw the one guy, the dumb one... ...he had his name spelled out on his belt."
Then they'll all die.
You're paranoid everyone knows.
I been hoppin as fast as a onelegged man in an ass-kickin contest.
Get off me!
I wish it was dead.
"Well, actually it's my crime scene. But knock yourself out. Thanks."
"You guys, you're the actors. It's up to you... to change Brian Slade, pop singer, into Maxwell Demon, space-age fucking superstar!"
"With creasy gone, I've got no damn access."
"In case you ain't notice, this place is full of criminals... and we're two of 'em."
"And since the threat is fake, It means he wants to give the enemy a sucker punch With a preemptive nuclear strike."
"You've never heard me say ""cuntsucker"" before, have you?"
"That's it, you see. That's ugly!"
"Brenda, if that asshole is mopping the floor tomorrow... you'll be mopping it for the rest of the week."
"The kind of people that Gruber associates with will kill first, ask questions later."
"I mean, no fuckin' cop in the world does shit like that !"
"Pathetic or not, your soul is mine."
"If you have us over, I swear by fucking almighty God, I'll call the fucking law."
Pin the diagnosis on the supermodel until she's dead.
You only need matches and balls.
"Actually, he is a scum!"
Let me out and I'll forget the whole goddamn thing.
What the hell.
And should you like to fall into that pit and to burn there forever?
Will go to prison for my murder.
"Ugh! You spent 2,000 years waiting for me to die just so you could be with me when all along the universe knew I belonged to somebody else."
This place seems scarier than a gumiho who eats people's livers!
"How was he as president? ""kinda goofy."
"(Mindy) And for something called morning sickness, it sure happens all the damn time."
"That phone belongs to me, and I'm getting sick and fucking tired of asking you for it."
Here were the shelves the woman had clung to while her ridiculous beau had labored to fulfill her.
"I'm gonna go get us some fruity, non-alcoholic crappy drinks."
You got to be shitting me.
"There's, like, three scientists Who give a shit what we call all those things."
"He heard a good deal about the whores in Oraby, Daisy and Goldie and the one they called the Burning Bush."
"I mean, it's like last night, when my favourite shoes made my toes bleed, and so I called you a frizzy-haired mega bitch."
Something smacked him across the back of the head.
I'll knock his feathered hat off.
They're going to need to be tossed overboard.
Don't you think the kid is out just fucking around?
No one messeswith the crazy guy.
You really think that's gonna change some shit? It might.
"If he puts rat poison in her hair, put rat poison in her hair."
You mustn't take foolish chances.
Some lunatic started a brush fire near Naomi's house.
Killing David Palmer's son might get a little messy.
He'll chop strangers to pieces.
You try to run and I will hunt you down.
"Let me tell you something, little nigga."
It stinks... ...fit to smoke the angels out of heaven.
"Please, there are very sick men in here."
There is always a chance you don't come back. The hell we won?t.
I really love the little Commie bastards.
Are you gonna give me the damn gun or am I gonna have to take it?
"You can hang, can't you, college boy?"
Here. Get rid of her. - Don't do that to a woman.
Everyone likes Kick-Ass.
Not like a garbage dirt.
You may not be able to fight like a samurai... ...but you can at east die like a samurai.
Just shut up.
You're crooks anyway.
I can't believe the chief is being so pig-headed about the husband.
"Suit yourself, Gay J."
Gross.
"And they have fucking British accents, right?"
He had never heard of a slut being severely punished for anything.
Why do the Decepticons always get the good shit?
"If you've got a problem, then it's your fucking problem, not mine."
Who makes this shit?
"She let the dad raise him? Well, that's bullshit!"
Stab me.
He'll go nuts!
"Pray, you wretched boy for a forgiveness you do not deserve, but which God, in His mercy, may yet grant you."
"You know, that actually might be our only hope. Fuck!"
"Vorkosigan lords through history had been stabbed, shot, drowned, trampled, and burned alive."
God must have been a fuckin' genius.
"Look, Ari, you might think I'm some sort of cute little pushover, But you screwed me and I am going to do everything I can to pay you back."
What the fuck do you expect me to say?
"She didn't explode, damn us."
"No, dickhead, of course I could."
And I only had to blow him like three times.
My insides feel like gravel.
"'You, you nerd!' Arnie shouted triumphantly, and pulled out with a rattling fusillade of backfires."
"Hey, look what you're doing, you big dummy."
It's your bat sticking out of his throat!
Fuck you doing here?
"Crap, ok, don't talk about it in front of alistair."
"Pull your damn pants up, boy!"
Our Fire Dragon will burn Tokyo down in two or three hours.
"“Are you ready to die, Dr. Cross?” he screamed back at me."
It's just a spider. - Kill it!
English dump in World War Il.
"""God damn you, wake up, Ingeles!"""
You think I'm the only one you fucking with?
And-and she has her boyfriend's name embroidered on her butt pocket.
"Shit! - Sinclair, can you read me?"
I wondered if Hank would beat them until they were dead.
I cannot wait to bang your father.
"In hell, man. - I've missed you crazy, Nick."
"And when they find my body, they'll know... Nick dunne dumped his beloved like garbage."
"Allison, could you please take your hands off my breasts?"
It stinks like I can't safety there's flies and bugs in this milk.
I didn't want to hit him on the hands.
How long before the devil dog realizes your friend switched the video?
"Shutting up, boss."
"What they call themselves is ""the Hegelian Scum."""
"Right over there is graveyard of camping shit, back down that house."
You think... Robbing the head of the pink panthers will get me in?
Don't let it slip off you little girl hands and crush me.
You're not evil just because you're troubled. - Shut up!
"Copeland, what the hell happened to you?"
"And hey, tell Shaft get that bastard."
"You are bat-shit nuts, Kat. And I love that about you but I've never meant for you to find me again."
Plug your ears.
It was their plant and they weren't gonna to let this nasty little Frick take it from them.
"Shit, man, like she cares."
May my curse follow you beyond the grave!
When he's dead!
It's fucking awful.
I hate you for not telling me the truth.
What the fuck are you doing?
"I don't like him, that Roman."
"Mmm, boobs."
Don't be blacklegs!
"If you went, you'd be on that silly search for weeks."
"Now, it's a miracle that for some bullshit reason 150 years ago... ...we own this much of paradise, but we do."
"Right, whores you only marry."
"Kill her, then you can touch it."
But it really sucks when she's mean to me.
You were insane for the girl.
"I don't give a shit about your personal life, man."
"I wish you'd just accept that and leave me the fuck alone."""
"""What, you mean swim? Fuck that, man."
"Deliver the fucking pizza she wants, or I'll come down and fucking open you up."
She's been a hideous little girl today.
"A three-year-old bitch, newly nicknamed Laika, who has been found on the streets of Moscow is now orbiting the earth at... ♪ With Hiltone she's got a full engagement book. ♪"
A bounty hunter's been sent to kill them. You've met this man.
"Oh, to hell with the rules."
"No, ""niggas,"" all right?"
Shit. - A homing pigeon.
You grabthat scared little loser inside you... and beat the living crap out of him!
Gas the fucking yard!
"If the Schoolgirl Pussy for Money Union finds out, I'll get expelled!"
And pray God they haven't smelled your urine.
This crap's gotta stop.
Those shuttle companies hated deadheads;
Hit it.
"Well, if it ain't the man who don't like bad fucking language in front of ladies."
Just crucify them. They just laugh about it later.
"Wait until I get you home, you dirty little girl."
"I think, shit, I mean, what if that was a lie, too?"
I am gonna claw your eyes out!
"Yeah, I'm gonna rip this plane apart with my bare hands and you're gonna help."
The bullet that you used to shoot the Oni.
Or he'd be dead.
"Besides, everyone knew that every Irishman was descended from a horse thief who'd skipped the country to avoid being hanged by the nasty English invaders."
"Vince said if they point the camera at him, He's gonna stand up and cup his junk as kind of a secret hello."
"""Yes, dammit, but what else are we going to use?"
The only good alien is a dead one!
"Sarge, Hank is out there losing his shit."
"Look, white boy, I don't know what you play on the streets."
You poor clueless bastard.
Go wash your undies somewhere else.
"Piss off, man, nothing scares the sarge!"
"“Elvis killed Big Pussy,” someone in Hackberry, Texas, had written."
You think I give a shit about any of this?
"Look, I'm not tattletale, but our teacher stinks like a week-old sea pistachio."
"If I were on death row, I'd request my final meal be right between K.D. Lang's legs."
"For Joe, fuckin (pardon my language, Nancy ) was just a fancy, like kissin me had been."
He's a goddamn psychiatrist.
You died with the baby's blood still in your system.
"In this world, if you get distracted, then you become a loser."
You're conceited.
"What you're up against, he'll make you his bitch, just like the Beast."
"Ugh, I can't believe Teddy turned out to be such a homophobe."
"Kids, the thing about New Year's Eve is that it sucks."
She's a meth-head.
"Go! Go on, skinjob, go!"
"He's a nice guy, but he's pretty weird, and he smells like soup."
"She'd say, ""Nice fucking car."""
"Well, it's gonna... Sound stupid, but, uh, after we talked yesterday, I... I couldn't stop thinking about how we broke up and how I said some things that weren't fair, and..."
Who wants to remake a classic fucking movie from the '70s?
To Struecker it was disgusting.
"I'm making a fucking deal. What do you need, boys?"""
"""Don't be so dumb, darling."
Have you ever had sex with a man? - Yeah.
Get the hell out of here!
Where are the fucking bodies?
Trash
Soothe the mad beast with one of those sedatives of yers.
That's what I call my need to kill.
"No, you might as well catch it with your vagina because nothing else is going in after that."
He can spit poison to your eye.
"You got a foul mouth, mate."
"God damn it, those kids saw us! And you let them get away!"
They began to execute everyone.
"""He died a rich man."" Oil wellsand shit."
"He has no finish sprint, his one gamble is to kill off his opponents."
Would you like to have a shot?
"I want to be married to you, but I don't want anyone to think that I'm your lapdog."
I'm gonna keep fucking up your negatives.
"Get off me, man, - I don't wanna fight you, OK?"
I brought some ciggies for you.
"And no more of this, ""Come on, Nick, it tastes so yummy"" crap."
Damn!
Didn't one time you have to shoot him through the hand?
I'd do the same goddamn thing for you or Ronnie.
"Their mother is the fat lady, and their father swallows swords and tames lions."
What the hell are you doing down there?
"Now get your crazy ass upstairs and get ready, you're on in 20 minutes."
"In spite of his race, this man is extremely valuable to me. Oh, shit."
"Shut up, Homer. Apiece of slate caught him right in the neck and cut his head clear off."
"And she floated down past all the other... abused, unwanted, inconvenient women."
My wife thinks I'm a wimp.
You'il drive yourself crazy.
But they probably had three or four guys working the damn thing...
"All your dreams came true, huh, moron?"
"Yeah, maybe shoot our tyres out or spray us with machine gun fire"
"Last week, one of them mailed me a bag of his feces."
"What was the goddamn point?"""
We can use Cartman's pig.
Fucking Becky? No.
"He'll give us money, get us passports in exchange for all this shit and Andy's car..."
Atticus Fetch made some great fucking music at one time.
"Not that it fucking matters, what's more important is where you were before, and I 'm not talking about this club or that bar,"
Yes - atrocious writing and quite illiterate.
They started as a black-ops assassination program.
Just Sean and the axe-murderer who apparently has no mouth.
What the hell is that thing?
The change of pressure could blow this glass and rip off your face like an angry chimp.
"The D.A. has the second guy,a cripple from New York."
"They'redeceitful, ambitious and ruthless."
"Flight, Digger One. We read you. We have lost control of the craft... ..to some sort of hidden recall device... ..that apparently... the scum-sucking, slimy, snake-ass Apophis... ..installed in his death gliders."
"Well, get 'em the fuck away from me!"
You can't have spiritual sex without candles.
Everything but write a fucking cheque!
"Pat may have been a fucking loon, but this time he was ranting for a good reason."
"And we dump them on a table down here where we bleed, head, and wash them, and then throw them into the hold."
Don't bring the bloody lawyers into it.
Your mother harps on you because she doesn't want to see you miserable.
"You got lost luggage, lousy weather... crooked taxi drivers."
Into a house you don't want and a lot of ridiculous interference in your career.
"""Little stink-brain dimrod, he doesnt know anything,"" Nicole said, buckling her belt."
Where can the damned thing be?
Hurt me
"I'm not gonna do this. What, are you crazy..."
"But if vou miss, you've been beat not once... . . ...but twice, bv a slow, white, geeky chump."
"Oh, the sex abuse scandals, they happen only in the United States, in Canada..."
They're killing each other!
I'm not ready to be fucking zen about who lives or dies.
Now go in there and kick them out!
Trisha thought briefly of just letting the damned thing fall and walking on without it.
Then Tarzan stepped in and rapped him smartly on the head with the shaft of his spear.
"Oh, he was in those goofy kung fu movies you love so much?"
"Oh, damn. His wife."
You could play me and shit.
"You know, there are people in this world that don't have to put up with all this shit."
"I'm just fucking with you, Mr. J."
"Demon, exit out of Kisha, demon! and them out, demon! and them out! and them out!"
"If you pretend to be sick, I am gonna pretend to fix you."
So fuck off!
This is bullshit!
Terrific. And I thought your brother was a horrible influence.
"Oh, damn."
"You fucked her, Channing."
"If your daddy hadn't nailed him with a pipe, you wouldn't have a mama no more. Goddamn Joe Lee."
Make sure he's bloody worth it.
"""Another dumb idea."
The way you'll die.
Your belly'll explode!
"Look at his fucking hobbies!"""
"Clingy, needy, whiny..."
"Little jobs, because, well, Finn, let's face it, you're kind of a screwup."
I was gonna say pathetic.
Your wife and your lawyer are drowning.
"Get the hell off my back, woman!"
Pig... the Romans are here.
Why shoot somebody and then tie him to a horse?
We'll bring her back... ...from that ugly Friesland.
Whoever dares to leave the mill... I'll break his legs
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance... and furious anger... those who attempt to poison and destroy My brothers.
"Where were you, damn it?"
"Oh, crap."
"How come a lot of things, huh? Fuck."
"Looks like we got ourselves a wiseass here, John."
Are you out of your spiky-head little mind?!?
"Say, why don't you just harvest my organs and get it over with?"
"Me, that tiny dot is my ex-husband's left testicle."
"Because I am so tired of hearing him bitch about how shitty he's been to you, and how you'll never forgive him..."
What the hell is wrong with you?
He blamed his handsome face and burned it with cigarette butts.
You're the Conrad who fucked my wife.
Alexei was too busy whoring around to be a proper parent.
"Every night when I come home, I will come in your room and kiss you."
"Hey, we got to celebrate this shit."
"Man, this place is crawling with hot chicks and we're just sitting here like our balls are stuck together."
I burned his legs off and his trunk fell to the floor.
"These people die, Eve."
I hate You.
What's the big fuckin' hurry?
Tell her I'm sorry we never got to watch porn together.
I am not interested in any more of your lies.
And then die.
"Wait, wait, wait. Don't suck me into this."
The best part of this job is all the barely-legal pussy that comes in here.
Stop being a pervert Go over and talk to her
T and Sandra's looking at me like I'm a scum.
Maybe we ate some really shitty food and this is all just a dream?
Hang the Code and hang the rules!
Wallace was kind of a packrat.
"Stand up, damn it, give us your hand, dance."
Damnit.
And all that time I never fucked you.
Dan fondly remembered how Duffy had turned out to be a cowardly lion.
"Here are your 2 classic hetero's... overweight, noses too long, our complexions are... Ravaged!"
I recommend we open fire immediately.
When I'm not dead-ass broke.
How about a nice old-fashioned horse whipping?
Get fucking back.
I have to cut out his eyes so his soul can't find me.
"Little monkey say other monkeys call little monkey ""runt."""
I don't wanna live a boring life where two people own each other... ...where two people are institutionalized in a box that others created... ...because that is a bunch of stifling bullshit!
Don't screw with me.
"But you know... ...a good friend once told me... ...just because people treat youlike a villain, or an ogre... ...orjust some loser... ...doesn't mean you are one."
"""The poor little bastard has all four types of SLID."
Blow something up!
"That's mass murder, mate."
"I mean, before you, there was a whole parade of sluts that didn't even look anything like her."
We must bury them right away
Yeah. Spilling his guts at the morgue.
"So, if someone were to have sex with me, they'd walk away with 210 points?"
The guy knows the place. He's sick.
And you can take your inappropriate girlfriend with you.
"""Eatin' runny cheese, and that stupid bloody No Alcohol Lager,"" said Things Not Working Properly Even After You've Given Them A Good Thumping."
The geek shall inherit the Earth.
Insolent man!
"Get out of the fucking hall, please."
It was their plant and they weren't gonna to let this nasty little Frick take it from them.
"...born of scum and swampy thingslurking in his mother's moss the mark of Cain came to his brow, of evil and a sea-hag born,"
I'll take the fuckin' bag and then I'm out of here. I won't hit you.
"Jesus, you really don't give a shit, do you?"
Sometimes you gotta do bad shit to do good shit.
That crap you made burnt a hole in my stomach.
"Rowan was a silly-heart, Always smiling."
I hate what she's become. I hate the illness.
"Oh right, damnit! I forgot about that."
"Dad, tell him how much jail sucks."
How do you think he's going to take a British spy being publicly unmasked in his own bloody company?!
"And as her mom, I'd say that... I'm sure it does seem kind of stupid to make some sort of rigid plan for the future. But..."
It's you! My monster.
Then maybe we don't do a card because it's fucking business.
Let's put a name to this face and find our killer.
I can't take any more of your lovesick drivel.
He lied. Idiot in college.
"Hey, maybe I don't have my father's crummy genes after all."
If I don't smoke I go fucking nuts.
"Because it is stupid to go the Howard route, then find out after you're committed by marriage vows that the mo of you are infertile with each other.'"
"Holy shit, Mrs. Jamison."
"Fuck's sakes, are we getting any or what?!"
Cut off a dead man's head.
Her mother was going crazy.
Get me a gun.
That I'm the son of the Devil.
"""You're killing yourself,"" she said, ""with cynicism."
Let's see if Coach Taylor can put some lipstick on this pig.
"You want to drown us, do you?"
"I'm sorry,but she's - roadkill."
You really are a monster! Maybe... but I also know how to be noble!
All teenagers feel their mom and dad are an embarrassment.
"I spot her, and die."
"They weren't really disloyal, only corrupt.'"
Because you're fucking fired.
"It was a mistake, I knew that, but I also knew I couldn't sit here and watch Larry's throat be ripped out."
And I don't want to ruin everything just 'cause of two fucking times.
"I knew you wouldn't give up easily, especially not after they greased your shitbag brother."
If it's those colored boys again... ...you tell them we don't need any more magazines.
Burn the insolence out of his eyes.
"I suppose that Husband is born to attract the men, and to hypnotize you as idiots."
We're not going to fucking jail. Okay?
How many fucking rooms does he have? - Did you look here?
"How dare you, wicked sisters?"
"Wrong, right now you're ass-deep in a folding chair."
This is a church of Satan.
I consider your philosophy of life raving lunacy.
I'm gonna put so many lawyers on your ass... you're gonna think they opened a branch office up there.
I'm too old for this shit.
"I didn't kill that bitch Vera Donovan, and no matter what you think now, I intend to make you believe that."
And you should've jerked off when you had the chance.
"Oh, she was always so selfish."
Maybe we can go away somewhere crap instead?!
It's in one of the journals you gave me. - Oh. Crap.
"Digger looked at the few clear and complete tracks he could see and thought, If it was a kid, he had awful damn big feet."
"It's Jerry's markings... that dead physicist's equations... and that damn colonel's corpse, just hanging there as if we never even rescued him?"
He wouldn't do anything stupid to risk that.
"But I need this camera quick, or shit's gonna fly."
This guy is the fucking master.
I was fucking all night.
Interesting thing about that. She said she's going to kill you and Twayne... so she can marry me.
When I asked Niles about it... ...all he did was give me shit about the party.
You think Big Tobacco throws money at this shit?
I must be out of my fucking mind.
Or you can die. It's entirely up to you.
So make them broke-ass blood-clots keep talking!
We gotta get the fuck out of here right now.
"Why do I have to be the lowlife, scum-sucking drug dealer?"
Like hell. We're gonna arrest them and read them their rights.
"""He is cheerful because he is not a foolish old drunk!"" another answered."
I have fucking brain damage.
But Your Hair Looks Disgusting.
But then he can turn around without any warning and... ...hit you.
"You're like a real-life wigger, man."
And you still had the nerve to show up on our honeymoon and try to have sex with my wife!
I think I've got all the Borg garbage out of the plasma intake manifold.
I want to go out of my roof and listen to the music as a drooling dog.
You'il wreck them.
That's not pathetic.
Women possess only two soul qualities.
Sodding frog!
"Oh, see me lying, you arrogant one, and imploring grace!"
Which is why it's so fucking lazy.
"Just one, I fucking promise you."
All the shit we're trying to change... We already had three members turn on the club.
"Baso, what the hell?"
"Uh, since sexual depravity and devil worship."
"Well, I'll shoot off now then."
"Richie stared at them, sick with desire, dimly thinking that Allie must have been greasing all the right people if he could afford to leave a stash like this in a fucking toilet tank."
"Even if your name's on the damn door, you should know better than to get attached to some walls."
Cruel and useless stone needles were thrust up from the sea.
He's gonna be dead in 10.
You are such queer.
You're shitting me. Bobby.
I've never seen anyone kick so much ass in my life.
"Killing the indigenous looks bad, but there's one thing that shareholders hate more than bad press, and that's a bad quarterly statement."
"He just told me 15 knock-knock jokes in a minute while inhaling a half a box of crackers, which is incredible and disgusting."
"Good morning, my ass!"
She's hideous. The chick is packing.
"Les, I didn't fuckin' kill my mother."
You're already raping me with those no-show jobs.
I can't understand shit.
Ruthless man.
I was gonna let you have sex with Mike.
You took Elijah to heaven in a fiery chariot and now you're asking me to be crucified.
"I'm sorry, but if you go back to that vampire, that's what you are."
If you think I'm going to let my game become less important than bowling because of a couple of rich-- (dial tone) Fuck!
Find another jerk like me!
God damn it.
Run junk test on incoming mail.
That was very nice of her to ask us to have sex.
Damned country!
"What are we doing here, killing each other?"
He's got some bug up his colon.
This dress is too goddamn tight.
"Hey, what's wrong with your mouth?"
"You have the guts to kill anyone, right?"
"And this guy is acting fucking weird, dude."
You’re mad.
Nice to black people?
"Now, why don't you help by keeping your damn head on straight?"
Get me those pages. If you want to keep control of your fucking limbs.
"You're the only one who couldn't make it, you asshole!"
"Either he's chairman of IBM or a hobo, it doesn't matter."
Don't be silly. No-one noticed the wig.
To piss on you?
"Remember, logan? We'd sit at the same lunch table and make fun of the fat kids."
I know what a damn sonnet is.
He's going to deflower our precious Lily.
Who the fuck are you?
I was still pissed at you.
How the hell would cats do this to me?
Sometimes killing is necessary.
"""Well, tell him to get his ass back here."
"Those, put out their misery."
"Since old Sonny Werblin paid $400,000 to Joe Namath in '66... ...the bastards have gotten greedier."
"Hey, what the hell?"
Dad's very sick.
But you ain't never gonna be nothing to him... ...but a ugly-ass chimp in a blue suit.
Get off of me!
Her face and finger-pulps were burnt off.
"""Bella, I can't stand for you to be miserable."
I still can't believe you fucking said it.
I don't think it's worth shooting someone over a mug of pennies.
What the hell?
"""Are you crazy?"
I'll revenge him!!
"Hell, man."
"When she realized that she was in the clutches of the black pirates, she attempted to take her own life, but one of the blacks tore her dagger from her, and then they bound us both so that we could not use our hands."
"If you love her, why kill her?"
It's black and from China.
I am unfuckable... and I have never been so horny in my entire life.
I will always be here to make sure nobody bothers you. - Donkey!
"My mail is addressed to ""occupant"" because, Max, I am the fucking occupant of my place!"
"I hate sexual tension, Vince."
But our lives suck.
"You think I got this far without looking at my own damn tea leaves, huh?"
"Ped, Henrik, Jeppe and Josephine are just as good retards as you."
"Dead to the world, mate."
Someday you're gonna beg me to forgive you for being such a horse's ass on the biggest day of my life.
"I bought my own truck. - Oh, shit."
Holy shit.
Will you watch her die?
So stupid. Oh-- does he help you clean the cave?
"No, trust me... rough is what it's like for a Chocolate Bunny out in the rest of the damn world."
SpamAssassin Junk Filter
Watch your noggins!
You're such a tranny magnet.
"They just arrived, they're ignorant"
"Do not take the shot until I tell you, Mr. Jarvis!"
Your eyes look shit.
You wicked girl. - You've started your treatment.
"""Damn all wizards to the Abyss,"" one of the guests said as the magician left."
And I'll put my money on the man who pulled my ass out of the fire in Boston.
"They get picked up and dropped off at a location, so we're going to put a cop in with one of their whores."
You looking at naked guys in the shower again?
Traitor!
"Not a goddamn word to no one, ever."
"""Weak men of the East,"" what an insult!"
It depends. -I oughta quit this fucking therapy.
"I'm a fuck-up. My dad expects this kind of crap from me, but you?"
You're the only thing that stands between him and an ax in the head.
The color of her poop.
The gods finally fuck me to the afterlife.
"Hey, that's my shit!"
"What are you doing? - Every time you look smug... or annoyed or tense, I'm gonna hit you with a gummy bear."
"He shows you pieces, but tells you nothing of the whole, because he's inconsequential, a traitor to the project."
"Must suck, right?"""
You're fuckin' lucky to be alive.
"“Throw every man jack Oriental off Hong Kong and be done with it,” the admiral said."
I bet your great-great- great grandmother snuck out to the barn and let a slave get a few licks of his own if you know what I'm saying?
"""Soon you will kill -- and feed,"" he murmured in the vernacular of the great apes."
"But the demon is wicked, full of treachery."
"In black fantastic shapes, dumb shadows crawl into the corners of the room and crouch there."
I've learned something from your idiotic notions.
"He's got your prick in his pocket, but you're too blind to see it."
"No, it stays the same toxic, stinking nightmare fuel it started as."
"""Where in hell is Quizzard?"""
Full of dwarfs.
"Shit, I've got to eat."
Get the hell out of my store.
I ain't your goddamn brother.
He kept careful control over his features to stop them doing what they wanted to do and breaking out into an imbecilic smirk of excitement and pride.
"Tell them we are horrible... desperate, ghoulish creatures who will stop at nothing... to get our house back."
I refuse to write about slutting it up.
"Fucking tragedy, huh?"
Close the hatch nowor we'il all die!
They're going to tear this goddamn place down in a matter of hours.
Estranged husband.
"Hey, I just had to pass off my goddamn ride."
"The Free Amazons openly despised her, and with the pride seen in the invincibly stupid, the wet-nurse treated them with contempt."
We can compare this shit.
"Well, you didn't drink that piss, I did."
"If I have to hear... how in love she is one more time, I'm going to impale myself with a butter knife."
We're cursed to be pacifists.
"OK. I mean, your marriage is filled with secrets and felons."
"Daphne, you are the most miserable person that I know."
"Old ladies like that were hard to fool, but there was no need to."
I'm not gonna help you kill somebody.
"No, of course not. It's totally disgusting."
"He was not a stupid man and he sensed the unease in the Earl, knowing in that moment that all was not as he had believed."
"And there's perks to being 26, like, having sex with a hot 26-year-old."
Just go around killing people?
Starve to death.
Who would hire a baby killer to get me?
All these fucking places look alike.
"And then you... Turned back into a huge bitch again, basically."
You look like ass!
These people are drug dealers and drug users.
You want to tell me what the hell's going on here?
Who knows what crazy family she's gonna get if we give her back.
You had sex with Mr. carpenter?
"This sucks, but I have to admit:"
Too much damn violence in the 'hood.
"But what's weird is, that's your hard core porno, then you go home, turn on Channel 4 late at night, there's people fucking yeah they're right there."
"Even your sexual organs get more blood flow,"
I'd say by tonight there's going to be a lot of drunk Indians.
They're your friends. Bullshit.
She came in the kitchen... And I shot her- on in the head.
And now you're mutilating his body.
"What's this shit in your eyes, Renato?"
Do you still make love behind my back?
I'd be the weekend dad from hell.
"You literate horny men. -Well, better to be exposed to the brilliant radiance of Kate Reeves?"
"Well,then,I guess you'lljust have to hit yourself."
"I sound Like a jackass if I say you're ail four, which obviously you are."
Then ask me a goddamn question.
Right. Let's slash his tires.
Ori are dead and finishings.
That's what people of Antioch said... right before they stoned my ass.
Will destroy this place.
"I wanted to keep my job so much, and the house which came with it, that my reply was asinine."
You know damn well who killed Melquiades.
"You want to be a man, you got to know this shit."
With your pathetic little band You want to control all thirty-six nations here
"He's probably killed, like, tons of people."
It's interesting I'll accompany you when you die
You're addicted to drugs.
"If showed any fear at all, she'd spend the rest of the year eating me alive."
"He's nuts about you. Yeah, nuts."
Your con man's showing.
She's despicable. I could never be like her.
"There's gonna be 5 homicides to answer for, and Donald's gonna hang 'em on you."
She says all this stuff about ghosts is rubbish... and then she expects us... to believe everything written in the Bible.
"Hacking grinned painfully and muttered, ""Rape on principle, mother! I swore off that on Earth, but that woman just brought out the devil in me!"
If you do not capitulate immediately we will open fire.
"We got to make a fucking deal, man."
This boy is crazy! They wiped the floor with him and he wants to go back. - What for?
what the fuck is all this!!
"Religion is flawed, but only because man is flawed."
"The kzinti who dared that vastness had not been cowards, and those who returned had not been fools."
About 7 miles. Damn it.
Just be as wicked as you can.
Someone has to pay for the Maidstone Club and all those goddamn crab sandwiches.
"Death to commence in three, in two."
This boat is insane.
My path has been unstable but my conviction is born to damn the fuckers who doubted me.
"""We had informed the US if our demands were not met within 24 hours ""we would kill Daniel Pearl."
"Ted, you are a giant whining bummer."
"I'm a bitch, huh?"
"You bring her back to your apartment to have sex with you again, and she steals from you again."
"I mean, you gonna kill someone, you ought to have the courtesy to say that's what you're doing."
All right. Very funny. - # I want to play the damn thing #
Intergalactic class. A wet nurse.
You need to watch that shit. It's gonna get you into fucking trouble.
So make it burn always with the hardest flame.
"And then when shit's about to get real, they run back inside like the little pussies they are."
I'm the goddamn District Attorney of Los Angeles.
"Hell, they was dead before they even saw me draw."
"I mean, you can put Becca through college with that fucking thing."
Get the hell out of here!
"Yeah, but I suck at it."
And that's on two cans of fucking cider.
That´s the most disgusting thing l´ve ever smelled.
Shut your mouth. She won't hurt any more men.
Too bloody long.
Then she went into a private place and slaughtered half a dozen captive biters.
You have your... your boyfriend's sick mom.
Damn it! You're not gonna believe what my father had hidden below decks.
TO MY DARLING MOTHER
I see new frontiers... ...in abnormal psychology before us. How exciting. Especially if you move your bowels!
"Angels in hell They're kind of weird, but..."
He couldn't pick a horse to save his fucking life.
"No, Shut up shut down."
The baby must be dead.
"General rubbish, or something more specific?"
And did he get the shits?
"This is murder, fuck it!"
"Damn, if I had to sit home for seven days... ...every time a family member dropped dead..."
She's 11 with an imaginary friend. - That's ridiculous.
"Yeah, well, there's a lot of shit you don't know."
"So, now my hands were dick skinners."
"Brother, I go to my lair -- to die."
"Or else what, arch traitor?"
"No more black,reds?"
What the hell are we gonna do with a baby?
"That's your only warning, pig."
I wanna be your prison wife.
"And now, you are a killer of white men."
That girl assaulted my wife.
"Because of me, Fayed has a device that can arm all the bloody suitcase nukes he was.s."
Leave the gringo.
"Well, we could grind our enemies into talcum powder with a sledgehammer, but, gosh, we did that last night."
"It was, ""Damn,"" right?"
I would love to sit down with you someday and sign some document that would clarify just what the fuck we are.
"""Of course I want to nail your sister."""
It's a fucking disgrace.
"But when she fights, she fights to kill."
"Aragh!.........Jesus, fucking Nora!"
I don't need no tricks to deal with a pee-wee shrimp fag like you.
Don't have sex on my bed.
And our gift to them was we let them believe that nonsense.
The first time I'll see a man die.
But I love shooting them.
"Hey listen, there's some crazy shit going on, Steph."
I want to cremate the body.
"You're like the flu, only with a zipper."
Damn it! Do you want to be hero?
Do you want a faceful of congenital herpes?
"Yes, if he wishes to die."
"""Hurts like hell, old chum."""
Jose made three errors with his cursed mitt.
But who is more ignorant?
This is really gonna fucking work.
"Okay, slow down and let him ride right up on our ass."
I was the screw-up in the family.
This smart-ass is him.
"They must be walking back with all these bees around and they must go ""What the fuck am I doing?"
Be a bloody massacre.
"Don't fuck with the Buffalo Soldiers, all three squadron commanders thought, but didn't say."
Islam will never forgive you!
"My rule is, ""find 'em, fornicate and forget 'em."""
Corpse.
Most people are smart enough to take the treats and shut up.
What? You'd have me lie among scum?
Well that's a damn shame.
"Chickens, I detest."
'The poor chap is a bit daft.'
"Donny honked his idiot laugh, only now even his laugh was nearly beautiful."
They overload these donkeys and cause accidents.
"Kale said, “You kill them?”"
No three-point bullshit.
You screwed yourself by going in there.
Amother day and you would have found us all dead.
"Kidnapped, assaulted, mutilated..."
Why should she give a shit what people think?
In the end I told him to go hang himself and hung up.
"And fuck ! Smolensk, Voronej, Koursk, Kharkov ..."
"Fuck, I hadn't fought with anyone since I was a kid. and tonight it's been twice already."
"Because of lower now in the dark, s suicide clean it."
Remind me not to save your ass next time.
It's also true that Eskimos run all the locksmith shops... the Irish have enormous nipples... and Puerto Ricans can dangle from steel beams for hours at a time.
The bitch is in 4-B.
Little hypocritical of you to lecture him on revenge.
"Fuck you, Don Ready! You didn't sell all the cars."
"Darn, what should we do?"
I can microwave that bad boy for you.
"The expression is ""colder than a witch's tit."""
"""You Howards!"""
Gross!
"Damn it, Mama! Quit being so stubborn."
She had a shitty life and she's miserable.
We're not fucked!
"But then again, Polidori was fucked up."
What the hell was going on?
He basically pledged to me that he would kill every last one of them.
"There are times when you get Suckered in By drugs and alcohol And sex with women, m 'kay?"
"For example, I know she'd love you -- skinny, submissive."
That's why Finn wants to die and why that bloke threw himself off the roof.
Unassuming serial killer.
"They'll pay me millions to be a French mustachioed, karate-chopping twit."
"Charlie, did you think we were gonna have sex?"
No... he's just a beast...
'Shit!'
He shall suffer the penalty inflicted on rebel slaves.
"You lied to me my whole life, and I'm stuck here with you fucking endlessly."
Where the hell did they go?
They say they never saw a pink Jew like you.
"What Christ should have said was ""Yea, verily, whenever two or three of you are gathered together, some other guy is going to get the living shit knocked out of him."""
"In Christianity, one dies for all, all for one!"
"For Nicky, Las Vegas was the fucking wild west."
Burn everything!
"""ln the name of the Father, the Son..."" Shut up!"
"I've always admired your courage, Corwin, but don't be a fool."
"I made Jesse a pplate of barbecue so goddamn good, he made this baby for me free of fuckin' charge."
"""Death of a pet, religious holiday... ...female problems."" Last week."
I hate you so much that... I think I'm going to die from it.
As the last of your wretched family who has something to hide
"What are you gonna do, kill me?"
You've got a bloody nerve
My mama used to say that America is a big meltin' pot. Because she used to say when you bring it to a boil... all the scum rises to the top.
"And if we get to the final, there'll be scouts and shit, and that means one thing."
I'll be damned!
It's a freaking nightmare.
I thought maybe we'd start off in kitchen doggy-style into t'living room take a little shower wank each other off finish with a reverse cowgirl in the bedroom.
I ain't no moron!
"After all this time, to give away our wealth to Asian sycophants we despised?"
That's a bit daft.
You've never had sex on a plane before?
Partial print -- A partial fucking print!
"They were beefing with his brothers and seen him come through, lit his ass up."
I won't stay and be killed just to fill your pockets.
People are gonna fucking fear you.
"Three years ago LesterJames, a.k.a. Ballpeen, was a big, stud motherfucker."
"Maybe not up there on the 5th floor, but in here, if you don't have any money... ...you get a Band-Aid, a foot in the ass and you're out."
She’il go mad soon.
"Exactly. Because deep down, he's miserable."
"I hope to hell you know how to do it, Roland."""
Who in the world are you?
"They don't live here, and if I cancel, they'd just kill me, you know?"
How the hell would cats do this to me?
Who cares if you're funny when it's time to die?
Those hickeys?
"The glory I have earned this ludus, this is my fucking reward!"
"Travis Muncey was no arms dealer, he was a freaking actor, and not a very good one."
"Latin men are not cute, okay?"
"""Your fat."""
I'm screwed. They're gonna send me home just because my dish looks terrible.
"Here is one of the veils she has shed, a thin white scum, a caustic residue from one recent night in Berlin."
That's a real shite story.
"I mean, the first time they stopped the game... ...to cut away to a fucking commercial,that was the end of it."
"""I'll get the bastard this time,"" the gunner promised, adjusting his sights down a hair."
And that it's important forthem to have a condom on them - - every time they leave their home.
Send other men down after the poor bastard?
Keeton rolled his hands into fat white fists.
"Knock your head against these doors, Peregrin Took!"
"Yeah, this stinks."
"I think I might have killed him, Joel."
"You cannot fuck the future, sir."
"So, start tomorrow morning, they're gonna see a fucking blitz."
You get your ass off those tracks and you put your hands on top of your head.
Which hell spawn is yours?
"""He's an infidel and a mercenary,"" Shackleton agreed, ""and I'm sure he's taken a bigger 'commission' off the top than he says he has."
Have you ever seen a fat robot?
Goddamn it! A reasonable request which you've chosen to ignore!
"Slap her on the ass at Christmas, it doesn't stop shaking till New Year's Eve."
Loser.
These geeks...
"'You mean you need cool calculating bastards to save the world, do you?' said Lobsang."
"You know, I just hope someone tries to blow this damn thing up."
"I've always heard Persians... have big, thick cocks."
I think I'll volunteer to be shot to the moon.
"It has been suggested to me that acting techniques could improve my lecturing, at which, if certain tweets and blogs are to be believed, I ""suck the big one."""
Anybody can pick up the damn phone.
And keep your mouth shut
Black economy work needs to be eliminated and suitable conditions established for legal employment relationships.
Sullivan's a dud.
I'm gonna puke.
"Leuco is a ghost, a will-o'-the-wisp."
+FUCK!!+ what's happening?
Just 'cause your daddy owns the mine doesn't mean you know shit.
And you always told me that... Killing him wouldn't change anything.
This conversation is disgusting.
I'm giving you the finger here!
What a small fuckin' world.
"Hey, don't just go off like that, you rude..."
She's crazy. I'll be right back.
It's useless.
"Give me your fucking money, man."
Fucking leave her.
"Agent Hellboy, take the shot!"
"I can't sleep. For the last hour I've been lying in bed... trying to switch off, counting sheep and that shit. Y'know?"
It just didn't work unless your other hand was on the fucker's shoulder.
"I had the whole speech worked out but when I got the paper out, it was just this picture of tits and it just totally threw me."
"She had to go alone, pissed as hell."
Maybe it'd be better for them if we were dead.
"Our guy, Elliot Blitzer, is making a deal between them and his boss big-time fucking movie producer named Lee Donowitz."
If Palmer gets hit... ...the first African-American with a real shot at the White House... ...it'll tear this country apart.
It was a damn good week.
Crocs like the scent of dogs.
"But, Sophie she's the Witch of the Waste"
And you waste it killing a handful of American civilians.
And the only thing it's gonna produce is dead offspring.
'Darn?'
"Get ready, 'cause there is a crap storm of romance Coming your way."
I bloody wrote that!
The alien is a freak.
I'm gonna cut your top off.
Sometimes I wish I could just climb inside that head of yours ...and see all the shit you carry around.
She said that the real-life fucking seemed a lot like the fucking in the book.
"Barnes, they got enough rice here to feed a whole fucking regiment."
"If he were tied and gagged and left in a cave that vampires happen to frequent, it wouldn't really be like I killed him, really."
Then everyone was nuts for testicular cancer.
a Nigerian bank manager who had his face shot off
"Now apparently, a small dose of this crap can mimic food poisoning."
""" ""No shit!"""
'Of how to kill people?' offered Caessa.
At last the fucking dice from favor.
I'm just keeping my hand in till Sex-ray takes the bait.
Save your own neck.
Your attitude pisses us off.
"Uh-huh. Option B being, maybe, put a wedge between us, so we fuck up on the track?"
"‘You don’t understand a bloody word I’ve been saying, do you?’ he muttered."
He killed them.
"""Here you are, Pussy,"""
There are people who'd slit your throat for a bottle of water.
What do you want? - Shit.
"I'll masturbate in the kitchen,"
"Y eah. Keep the change and, uh, buy yourself a dick."
"I mean, you want to be able to trust your mom, not worry that she's gonna shoot you in the face."
"And you think these aliens could be back with a new virus, one originating from Independence Hall causing rich successful men to have sex with lots of women?"
Elliot.
Always ready to defend you from the thieves who rule this village... At the cost of his own life. -He should be hanged!
To get away from my crazy waterbending ex-girlfriend?
You're the one that killed all those Marines?
The diner beside Dom was energetically digging him in the ribs with a horny elbow.
You're just chaotic.
"All right, all right, shut up!"
"You're playing selfish, show-off football."
"Debra, you shut yourself inside these walls for the last six months, doing your damnedest to shut everything and everyone out."
I wish everyone that was at that goddamn table had their own little private bag of lemons.
So they're gonnatell Jimmy I was the rat.
"I remember you, and Uncle Jerry... and Uncle Walt Pe-Pop... all sitting around the kitchen table, talking shit about this gang and that gang... who's better with the break-bulk... who could turn it around faster, who's lazy."
I have sharks got laser beam attached to their freaking head.
Don't be silly. I teach people who have never held a racket before.
Watch it... ...destroy him.
Kick another one!
No! Shut up!
What if I said Jason and I made a bet... ...to see who could make you forget what we did to you... ...and fuck with your mind and body all over again?
"""That was before he pulled the werewolf crap,"" I said."
I'd enjoy watching Bronn disembowel that pompous child beater.
That mine was the first cock she ever sucked.
Trash got thrown out the window.
"The man was an abrasive, loud-mouthed, irreverent infidel who didn't even pretend to respect the Faith."
"I had a flair for languages but I soon discovered that what talks best is dollars, dinars drachmas, rubles, rupees, and pounds-fucking-sterling."
Many of these are too ludicrous or grotesque to bear repeating.
Tell me your earring went in the fucking drain again.
Since he started charging you dorks that low-ass rate.
"Ugh, fine, then I'll send money for a stupid train ticket."
The whole damn system is clogged up with dirty money.
Get in the fucking car!
"Damn, you're hot."
Um... Shut up.
But taking your clothes off down to tasteful undies was not the same thing as having sex on screen.
This skinny kid with crazy hair.
They're not! They're dying because of Bethlehem. . . . . .because this is a shitty world!
"We even got horse pussy, dog pussy, chicken pussy. Come on."
"You stole from Tasha, and I lied to cover your ass."
These people are filthy rich.
I'm having a tumor removed from my brain within a week.
I hate it when we gotta fucking go look for it.
You think I fucked up here?
"""Damn the orders!"" Stafford suddenly snorted."
It's Katsuko. She's become so thin and sick-looking.
I still haven't eaten Shut up!
I've never had much goddamned tact.
"If we hadn't lost the blasted evidence, the proof, there in black and white, to tie the terrorist to Congress."
"No, wait, it's a black guy."
"""Holy shit!"
"In my own bed, at the age of 80 with a bellyful of wine and a girl's mouth around my cock."
I'm screwed!
She is my very screwed up friend who I am very fond of.
I'd say your story is as phoney as a three dollar bill.
"Inside it there's an emerald pin that Napoleon gave Josephine, or some such crap."
"Then I suggest you take that damn thing... into the corridor, or some other part of the train... where you obviously belong."
Call it a public frigging service.
At last... There's nothing I wanted more Than to see his hated face.
"No one knows what happened to Private Cage! Skinner, you dumb-ass."
This list of possible suspects is garbage.
Why the hell should I have to forgive Nina?
You've got the goddamn money.
How do you know they're not fucked up?
She's so... ...irresponsible.... spoiled.
That was a stupid idea!
"Don't fuck with me, Ben. I'm not in the mood."
I thought you might suck on my Popsicle.
"Once you got everybody agreeing with what they know in their hearts ain't true, you get them by the balls"
What is it like to stare into the business end of Sandy Bullock's vagina?
If they're anything like you I wouldn't be able to stand a fucking hour with them.
God! You are drunk if you can't remember you've got a wife.
You're a traitor to your own people.
"Shit, you really think that a cop did this?"
"He's like this insane old lech, and it's kind of amusing once you get past how disgusting it actually is."
"You know, you look so goddamn pretty in the daytime."
Did you just call me a maniac?
She's all paranoid.
What kind of animal did you marry?
"Says, ""she loves me, bitch loves me not,"""
"We should splice pigs with elephants, tomatoes with apples."
And we got the best mechanic and the best damn pilot west of Mississippi. - We'll make it!
"becoz of him, your family is death"
"I didn't kill your boys, Warren."
"I'm this short... fat, insecure, middle-aged thing!"
"Won't fuckin' need to, either!"
"When it come to pussy, ain't no free."
They shot him in the back.
You told Antonucci you got that shit from me?
"Shut up, Snowy."
It's so frickin' boring.
Damn! I wish I'd thought of it.
She leads us to our fucking death!
Now go get a damn condom!
"But I was the son of the whore, and no one wanted me to join their games."
"Just look in, and I will be there... waving out at you... naked... wearing only a cock ring."
Do not fucking lose him!
"Suck it, Angelina Jolie."
We could tell them he's got Huntington's-- whole family should be tested or they'il all die.
Where's the fucking room?
"Or rather, the stupid ones get despatched to India, because Louis wants that company to fail."
I want you out of my house.
Just because they double-booked doesn't mean they shit-canned us.
They are trash!
"ENIK: In mere weeks, your world will be overrun by their scaly offspring."
"They get by on little more than a kind of dumb persistence, and they resist with anger and resentment anything that might lift them out of that false serenity."""
"If we don't shoot somebody soon, I'm gonna forget how."
"I was looking for a challenge, not some wretched castoffs from the Nightbrothers clan."
He looks miserable.
The humans are so boring.
"""Damn, I'll have to hustle."""
And they'il hear the shot.
"Now Jake Barnes seemed remote, a tin man with fake problems."
Heaven knows what exotic wildlife that girl was harboring between her thighs.
All your enemies seem to be women.
"You're just an old-fashioned ""gay"", aren't you?"
"Bastards called it ""Operation Clean Hands""."
Just leave that dirty thing alone.
"The man standing before him would not answer him back in kind with a ""Dammit, Jim""; neither could he read the apology in Kirk's voice."
What the shit?
"Joseph Smith, fuck frog Brigham Young, clit face"
Wouldn't even fuckin' know about it if it wasn't for me.
David stop fucking around - That's asking for trouble man. No.
"Nay, nay. Let Rape and Murder stay with me, or else I'll call my brother back again and cleave to no revenge but Lucius."
"""Rid yourself of it."
"The truth is, I'm tired of your bullshit."
You can't burn down the world every time it deals you a shitty hand.
"It smells repellent, like one of his farts."
You don't think that would get big ratings in this sick fucking country?
Shit! I'm this close to a North American cable deal!
"What the fuck? - Emmett, come get these girls out the front."
Killed a cop.
"Listen, smart ass, just get out of here."
"He walked around the fallen Diego as if he were a pile of trash to be avoided, and left for someone else to clean up."
"""We cross our bridges when we come to them ""And burn them behind us,"
"We're screwed, man."
I kind of shot-gunned poor Alan.
"I would have done it myself, but I got a lot of crap going on."
TURK: Burrows is as good as dead.
How's killing Udre Belicoff gonna help you?
What the hell made you think you could count on me?
"Well, hell just have to wait until Private Igors finished looking for your brain, wont he? snapped the sergeant."
Tough shit... it's a family business
"I mean, it's one thing for my sister to believe this crap."
"Hey, where the hell you been?"
New girl's the worst.
"All my men are bastards: My father, who gambled me away in a foosball game, and my childhood sweetheart, who convinced me to come to this country only to abandon me-- Thanks to him, now I live a fairy tale life of a maid and a stripper."
You'll mess up my whole damn filing system.
Go drink that blood or some shit.
"Now, it's common knowledge that minie balls cause huge gaping holes in human flesh which leads to a quandary in my dream."
"Okay, come on, fucking arrest us!"
This is really screwed.
Is open to sexual experimentation.
"Sacked your ass. Somebody's gotta get open, guys."
With no word from the Batman. Even as they mourn Commissioner Loeb. These cops have to be wondering if the Joker will make good on his threat in the obituary column of the Gotham Times to kill the mayor.
You point a gun at someone... ...you'd better be ready to pull the trigger.
"Look, Colin is great, but if we started dating, eventually I would have to tell him that I dated a priest, and before that I was essentially a prostitute."
"If I have to share this gross oxygen pool with you losers, the least you could do is get me drunk so I don't remember it."
"These are our brothers in arms, sent now to kill us."
You may as well have submachine guns in your mouths.
I'm tired of this human.
"Otherwise, that back up of jizz will cause pressure in your nut sack to the point of making you nauseous."
Being a vampire is miserable.
"Fuck your ball, she took our hundred grand."
God damn! cho:
"Your office shall be here, in the head of a Tyrannosaurus rex!"
Letting them take us to our death like sheep to the slaughter.
"After we called it quits, things got all weird and pear-shaped. And then I took that crazy fucking detour with Stu."
"And when I say ""cards,"" I of course mean big fucking gun."
"Shit... Sorry, lots of water down there"
"I shot him, it was at a quarter to 1:00 Nobody was there so I didn't run."
Wow. What's with the tits?
I nicked this baby off Biscayne.
That's actually fuckin' five Bs right there.
"Private Wilson, look at me, goddamn it!"
"Shit. - Mine, too."
I'm going to make love to you in these!
"Shit! Shift, Enter!"
"If you don't mind my saying so, I think you're a bit of an ass... going off to war as a private when you might just as well have had a commission."
"""You might be destroyed, too."""
What the hell?
Darn it.
Rip him a new asshole or three or four.
"It wasn't me, shit!"
He welcomed the chance to kill that excuse now.
"He would break into a desperate sweat, but he was too damned cold."
"I fucking hate it, I don't even know why I wore it."
"There are other explanations besides that of imbecility,"" I remarked."
"As soon as you get a little extra, it draws scum who want to take it away from you."""
He's a freak.
"Well, I bet you can play the shit out of that harmonica."
There's definitely fucking semen in that.
"""Damnit, then you tell the story, Johann!"""
"Well, ah... they'd hang you."
We're gonna hit them simultaneously so they can't talk to each other.
"""How does it feel to know that you're goin' to die, Panayis, to feel like all them poor bastards who've felt just as you're feeling now, just before they died--all the men in Crete, all the guys in the sea-borne and air landings on Navarone who died because they thought you were on their side?"
We're ugly and gross.
"Shit, we wouldn't."
"Please note that for most of the 20th Century Blacks were not allowed to sit in the front seats on buses in the U.S. in and the Dubrovnik Republic abolished slavery 1642nd However, while the U.S. in was still a British colony and did not even exist as a state. western hypocrisy was obvious."
"By the way, his name is not Fat-shit Cat, it's Meatball... ...and he's eating your crab cakes right now."
"""Which is still kind of pathetic."""
"Oh, shit!"
I'll let it go when she un-fucks my boyfriend.
"You have got us all wrong. You walk in here, see this fabulous apartment, and all of this ""fabulosity"", and you think... You think I'm some rich bitch."
I brought you a gay penguin book.
"Look, I know what a mad dog looks like, damn it."
"Look, you may be the landlord from hell, but that doesn't give you the right to lie on our couch"
Filthy rich. Owns the dagger.
"""Don't make me go Roberta Flack on your ass!"""
You're a bad girl!
Damn it!
"I take a double dose Of dad's crap for years,"
Maybe we're in too silly a mood to be discussing such serious stuff.
It was fucking freaky.
"You broke my nose, schmuck."
"Holy crap, why have I never done that before?"
I wouldn't let Doc trim the hair on my dog's balls.
Your brother thinks he's the fucking emperor of China.
Or would you rather I'd left half of your miserable corpse behind?
"But you be quick, ingles."
I'm not gonna spend my life in this godforsaken dump!
"And when I killed the lights, you took your shot."
I still say it was that awful butler.
"Don't fuck with me, Patrick."
"""You don't care how much damn money this steamboat makes."
"Make a choice, Tomas, choose or you die."
Article 12 Garbage 1.
This is the best damn mud I've ever had.
"She wanted to Marbella kill you, but convinced that in Mexico was safer."
Death is available to us.
Let's go meet the Yankee muppet.
Neither of them has any more moral sense than a cat.
So you're gonna be miserable 'cause you don't have the guts to face change ?
"Except on the way to the lake, he takes us to this porn shop so he can have a jack in the booths."
More than half of his brain is gone.
"And Marcy's a kinda cute, or kinda hot, or kinda sexy, or better be fuckin' hysterically funny, but not funny looking guy ...who you could fuck."
"Now, I want you twoto kiss each other."
The last of my blood. - Kill them.
You two fools just let Rachel escape with Gundars' computer?
"Either one you falls down dead, you can drop me a note."
Well then don't tell her you saw the man that she loves sucking your nanny's face.
"And suddenly, from nowhere (or the place from which all our more ominous and unconnected thoughts float out into the light of our regard), she finds herself remembering that stupid Edgar Allan Poe poem they had to memorize in the ninth grade."
"If I kiss you, do you think they'il shoot me?"
"What the hell, telling me what is good for business?"
Too many gosh darn pipes.
"This is absolutely disgusting, and I'm not going to stand for it!"
"Conceive the tale of London which a negro, fresh from Central Africa, would take back to his tribe!"
"First her thumb, then her pointer... ...then her little nasty finger."
"As far as go out to death and buried. The slaves die, slowly."
"Drop dead, Franz."
"Well, I think you're spiteful, and I don't know when the hell that happened."
Don't you want a shot at a real relationship and not just quick sex?
I thought you told those fuckin' assholes... never to call here this late.
"Barry, I'm fucking broke, man! - Jesus!"
I'm the hostage! Shoot her.
"Listen,you're the one who's a bomb set to blow up me and everyone in this city unless I can get you housebroken."
We'll be there on the day that he hangs.
"Okay, Bones, you really suck at this."
"Sam, I almost got you killed."
What the hell is going on?
They can't just throw me out because I'm a woman. I think it sucks.
You make love to me while your accomplice steals my scepter.
"Three days with the Urca's schedule, three minutes with whatever the fuck this is."
Fucking leave it.
What did Grutman call me? - A scumbag. A scumbag like me... then it'll protect all of you.
From sex.
"I know it was a stupid thing to do but I don't know, I guess I thought that he might be coming back."
"Damn sure do, Case."
Murdered to save her soul... by a Bible-black tyrant behind a mask of righteousness.
He held that shit all day!
I hate anyone that isn't white Protestant.
You can't be elected a gay Governor
"They can die, I need feed them nothing."
It's colder than a snowman's ass out here.
Now you're literally Meatbag.
You know how many of your kind I killed in Korea?
I didn't fucking hear right.
"You put the ""ass"" in ""embarrassment."""
A girl whose clit...
My dad's on my ass about my grades.
How the hell he see me back here with this?
"You've murdered them!"" roared the pope suddenly."
That look like you're about to invade a small country with nothing but your tortured soul.
"Yeah. It's probably a good idea because I can sense from here that you have a paper cut on the palm of your left hand, and I want to rip your entire arm off."
"If I hadn't got my arse into gear, we'd have nothing at all."
Hid its hands like that motherfucker was fully aware.
"From a marine in Da Nang: ""Captain Hauk sucks the sweat off a dead man's balls."""
"Assuming you're notvaporized, dissected... ...or otherwise killed in an assortment ofsupremely horrible and painful ways."
Your room must smell like a monkey cage.
I'll take care of the cooking because I might not know a lot about a lot of thingses but when . it's time to shea shut up if you're me.
"You want to know my first memory of you? If this is dirty, Mac..."
"If you want to use it, let's imagine, on a road, in, let's say, the world, it's absolutely stupid."
"He had once been a prisoner of the cruel illithids, a helpless, hapless fool, his mind nearly broken by their overpowering wills."
Clean each other by licking.
He kills... for me.
"Were you to die as you desire, you would mock me still."
"You're too old for me, Steve."
Then you should change your name to Kicking Ass.
"When it started, America was just a handful of scrawny colonies."
Big-ass candle. Ah...
You're shitting me.
"Police said it looked like a drug killing, some trash from over the border, but never caught them."
I'll put a hole right through him!
Fucking cop's listening.
"Back then Bootsy was a simple farmer, but he took one look at all those mauve titties and he lost his mind."
"He has used several different names along the way, but I recognize the stink of his black arts the way you know a skunk by its smell."
"He wasn't supposed to be there, we weren't supposed to be there, and I sure as fuck wasn't supposed to be the one to punch his dialysis ticket."
They don't know who they're fucking with.
Pazi's a badass with connections to half a dozen gangs.
"Ah, gotcha. I remind you of you when you were young and just starting out or some crap like that, right?"
"Man, this sucks worse than Easter Sunday at Richard Gere's house."
The one I have in mind will kill at 300 yards
Your new wife is a human toilet.
Which is why it was probably pretty annoying to have her stranger husband cock-block her all night.
"He wore a pair of jeans two sizes too big for him, and a muscle shirt adorned with a hand presenting the fuck sign to the world."
"He has tons of debt, and the economy sucks."
"Goddamn, what kind of condom is this?"
"'What an ass,' Ehlana noted scornfully."
"Friends, dumb hats."
We know they kill.
Combat fatigue... shit.
Rotten gadget! Who the hell invented the electric arming switch?
Those 3 words will kill a crew dead as a depth charge.
How many of you suckers have made out during a school day in the nude?
"We hunt the lesser hunters, and we’ll hunt your vampires."
"We could call his house and I could disguise my voice, and I could be like 'Don't come to school tomorrow, or you'll die.'"
"No bullshit or he's dead."""
Troy would have liked that. Bastard.
Get the fuck off me.
You're repulsive.
I have strangled the innocent as they slept.
"I am not a fixer anymore, And you are not in black operations."
"Chad, god dammit..."
I'll kill him. Okay. But he probably didn't know that you were asleep.
They'll kill Immortals dead.
You smell terrible. I think that you should go shower.
"I say that when your pathetic little army arrives back at your houses, you will find your lands Christianised."
I've never seen you sell a damn thing.
What? You think I can't afford this penile implant on wheels. So you're done with me.
"It is when I see others degraded that I rejoice... ...knowing it is better to be me than the scum of ""the people"""
Durant...
"It was the last game of the year, and you were supposed to commit suicide or something if old Pencey didn't win."
Perhaps you were simply a piss-poor teacher.
"The Governor, that wasn't stupid... decided to please the left side."
"""I think his stories stink,"" said Dr. Scott."
Says the world will not end by God's hand... ...but be reborn inthe embrace of the damned.
I was a real jerk to you.
You shot dick Cavanaugh. Holy shit.
He was probably a poor drug addict.
"Shit, you really got wet."
"""Enki has sex with Ninkurra, too?"""
"Why you gotta kill all my men, why you gotta kill me?"
"What I wonder is, what can the woman want with a raw boy like that?"
"All this blood scares the shit out of me, Larry! I'm going to die!"
"And if that happens, you won't know about it, anyway. So what the fuck, man?"
"Plus, now the money I owe you my ex-fucking-wife..."
Shit. They can't even save themselves.
"Hell, one more quarter and Lipton will be able to put together enough votes to wage a proxy battle and install his own damn board."
"And he came to believe that work, show business, love, his whole life, even himself, and all that jazz, was bullshit."
I see people and I try to remember if I had sex with them.
Kohl was killing their informants.
Those chaps should be illegal.
"Ech, I am an æsthetic louse and nothing more,"" he added suddenly, laughing like a madman."
Just a random killing machine that never leaves a clue.
I want you out of my house.
"""Shoot him?"" someone blurted, idiotically."
You suck at so many things... but not at this.
"The words echoed down into his mind like stones flung into a well, and then he was sucking greedily at her breast, tasting the salt and sweet of her."
"Dammit, Elena, he could've had more information."
"My brother's children are very badly behaved, and... he spanks them."
Get off me!
"You're gonna take the end of that rope, throw it over your shoulder, tuck it underneath these ropes around your chest and back in front of you. Hit it."
Would a friend allow some scumbag to get away with taking a shot at you?
And you will kiss a boy.
"My troops will butcher the Malloreans in those trenches, and then we can all make a run for it."""
Letting your own daughter out there with those horrible humans you always tell us about?
"Black nothingness, Skipper."
"We need something big for sweeps, and then Dr. Phil can suck it."
"That's my name, you numbskull!"
"""Pilot, shoot your laser weapon when you are ready."""
I realise more and more every day how overqualified I am for this position and how incompetent you are at yours.
"Receipts, too. I tell you what... you can just leave that shit shut, brother."
To rape the wife of a Yakuza Boss is a very serious crime.
You must have been a total outcast.
"No, you pigeon head."
"Ladies and gentlemen, before your very eyes, I am gonna smash this bleedin' gun into smithereens."
You... my friend... are a liar.
A man yesterday tell me if I buy a car I must buy one with a pussy magnet.
Hit his wife instead.
"Greenly, the day I want the Boston Police to do my thinkin' for me, I will have a fucking tag on my toe!"
I won't lose to this white boy.
"It was a foolish question, dictated by the programming of the robot, thought Baley, though, at that, it was no worse than the questions asked by human beings, sometimes with wild inappropriateness, out of the programming of etiquette."
"Gail! Oh, my God. - Shit."
"Damn the subtlety! the drow determined, and he twisted and pulled free, rolling from the bed and springing to his feet."
"How am I supposed to become my own planet, Piper... when your shit is still everywhere?"
You treat me like a cow.
You blame the Latino driver.
"How crazy is it what dad did yesterday? I mean, what the hell?"
You better get your finger out of my face.
"A lot of people go with Cupid... ...but you gotta remember, the bow and arrow melts first... ...and what you're left with is a fat kid dancing in shrimp."
"If you commit suicide, I will never forget..."
"""It's our fucking earth!"""
"STU: Yeah, how's my fucking hair?"
"I'm really sorry it sucked so bad for you, Jules."
Well they can't stay at your fucking apartment.
Let's get so fucking high we black out and can't even remember our names.
You killed a bunch of cops.
Get the fuck in.
"Oh? Erm... last week, I shoved a cock-shaped potato up myself."
"Since you like chicks, right, you just look at yourself naked in the mirror all the time ?"
Sorry to be a bitch here. But it looks like you buried Jane Doe's fingerprints to hide your connection.
"Shit. Two tons of metal, 200 miles an hour, flesh and bone and plain old Newton... they all princess died."
The Coke machine moved out over the road and just hung there for a moment like a coffin painted in incongruously gay colors.
Eventually they all die.
"Well, do you want to have sex?"
"""Dangerous bastards."
But you'll have a shot at the door.
"Are you sure you don't wanna be ""Hot Bitch on Wheels""?"
"""Give my dick back."
"Listen, if you think like that, you'il drive yourself crazy."
"My wife, a slut she goes out. My best friend."
"In that case, Larry, this is a bullshit charge... but we have to take this seriously... because you could conceivably be looking at 7 to 25 years."
Just shut up!
Some of them had to be killed.
He has a corpse bride!
"A large, thick-necked Negro was leaning against the end of the bar with pink garters on his shirt sleeves and pink and white suspenders crossing his broad back."
"The guy's pissing on us, and you're askin' if we should fuckin' tell him."
"I was gonna stay here this weekend and finish my Smallville spec script, and if I get on that plane with you, the whole weekend's just gonna be filled with booze and debauchery, and I'm gonna end up black-out drunk trying to flash my boobs to a film crew."
"The men you kill-- do you think about their wives, their children?"
"Yeah. Yeah, I'd like a shot."
"If I have to starve you into repentance, I shall do so."
So you tell me. Is she nuts?
Jung-ho I can't even flush my own shit.
You're terrible!
You mean that piece of junk?
"Push her belly,she'd piss all over herself."
Then you showed me that it was the bible quotes - on women to be killed.
Stupid is watching all of your friends make plans for their future and realizing that you have none at all.
George said he'd give me hell. He told me this.
It sticks and stinks like a hell.
"Katya, you are petal."
You are a con man?
"Almost makes you feel sorry for the bastard, huh?"
"Yes, I must say that was damn clever."
"Only you can save your husband and your little girl. We will come back for your little fucking girl and she doesn't deserve to die, does she?"
"Dyson, step away from the skank."
Just tell her it's just a stupid piece of paper.
Your face is on that shrimp.
Hetocumtek... warrior god or nasty alien?
"And it sucks that you grabbed that player, but don't make it worse."
Because six nights a week I have to stare at your sour puss... and even God got to rest one day a week.
Nobody gave a crap about Clark Kent.
"What just happened, sir, is that you sent me into a damn ambush."
"Becau-- I-I was listening to what I just said right now, and I sounded completely ridiculous."
Someone is gonna fucking pay for this!
Because those fools are jealous.
Remove us out!
"I said, I'm tired of your fucking boyfriend."
"Oh, don't be ridiculous, Andrea."
If you didn't I... I would die.
"Think You're gonna walk out the door, take that with You, leave me here holding the fucking sack? Bullshit!"
"Oh, she may be sweet, but she's filthy. Whoa!"
That's ridiculous!
That's what I did with my awful boss.
"""Shut up and move!"
I hate killing people.
I got a fucking dope-ass garage workshop in America.
"I had fucking nothing to do with that, man."
That's so gross.
You can call me if your fake girlfriend also gets executed.
"Dude, yes, exactly. Or you step on a bug and the fucking Internet's never invented."
The devil did kill that family that night.
It might be hard to even catch this Jew.
"You've got that stupid ""I met a boy I like at school"" look."
"Give me the money, cocksucker."
"Listen, I don't think you're gonna turn into a giant dog head tonight, okay?"
"Go home, I won't spend the rest of my life with you"
damn it
"Could you teach him to roll over and sit and do all that shit, too?"
"""Why didn't he chop your legs off?"" said Urn."
Couldn't you just smack me with a belt and get it over with?
Damn straight.
you ain't much of a liar.
Maybe let them eat breakfast before you start calling them jerks.
His back is all fucked up.
"They do that shit every night, dummy."
No politician wants to see the Pope take a bullet in his city.
"Don't worry, I won't drag your ass to jail..."
"If you did your job right, I wouldn't be out here cleaning up your goddamn mess!"
Matthew won't use the sex toys I buy.
"Give me all your money and whatever parts you got out there in that garage, and I'll consider not puttin' one in your noggin'."
"Better just lie down and take what's coming to you, the way good cunts should."
"His heart stopped beating, while his mistress the admirable Madame Steinheil, kneeling before him, bestowed on him the most glorious blowjob of all time."
"Yeah, I'm only the best fucking shooter to come out of Victoria since Ned Kelly."
I stopped being shitty.
We will cure them immidiately!
"It came from a little bastard of a bacterium whose crap can cause chest pain, respiratory distress, skin ulcers, the growth of pseudomembrane across the airway, and, in very rare cases, hallucinations."
I want you to eliminate him.
"(loud) Howard, head for the brain."
"Now, don't be silly!"
What a relief and shit.
"You see, this is the kind of scum you're gonna have to get used to around here."
"Back to bed, fast. Fucking Doctor Grant!"
You turned to bone by the end of the week because of your hideous disease.
Take the ring and stop him from being killed.
'Anyone would think you'd had your head cut off.'
"There were but two ladies present; one of whom was the lively actress, who was not easily frightened, and the other the silent German beauty who, it turned out, did not understand a word of Russian, and seemed to be as stupid as she was lovely."
They lost their fucking minds!
Dr. Hahn... Shut up.
You gonna do this passive-aggressive shit all day? Can we talk about this?
"Dude, you had a good job, With that, uh, with that Web design shit. Had, dude."
I'm cranky 'cause all my stuff is junk.
you brought me up here to show me your penis.
I guess I'll bring you in next week and have your head removed.
"We're damned, Charles... because of what we did to those girls- those poor, innocent girls... and their babies."
You might want to step out with that before she bites your head off.
"Cochise, bold chief of the Chiricahua Apaches, made a brutal vow to kill every man, woman and child in southern Arizona."
"I mean, you need a good outcome, and I'm just doing a stupid neck surgery with Callie."
I'll beat Green like he committed a crime.
"You can give me Simms and Bavaro, Meggett and LT, any damn day."
"Here was one of the greatest heroes of space--lost as an ordinary tourist in some stupid accident in Earth's backyard, the Moon."
"'Come on, come on, piss off."
"It's nicer than ""dirty beast"", huh?"
Thomas taught me to shoot.
Long live the fucking... queen!
Keep it up and you will end as a nun.
Struck in the back of the head.
You don't fuck me any more.
"The next time... ...l wanna borrow your balls,I'll ask you."
"Corrupt cops, yes SHIT!"
"Now, just remember that this thing isn't as black as it appeared."
You could have gotten us both killed.
"Treat me like a doormat, why don'tya?"
When they open their mouths about Richter and his car... he'll grind them into the meat. What's up.
I want to crush him.
Always playing silly games.
"If you were in the Army, you could be shot for this."
Get us the fuck out of here.
"I mean, that's the least you could do, considering you was gonna kill me not too long ago."
Have you heard about the son of a bitch of your husband?
What the hell does he want?
What the fuck are you doing?
"Go fuck yourself, pretty boy."
"And I scratch my nice new big balls, and damn they felt good hangin' between my skinny legs, and I walk on home."
You might as well be praying to leprechauns or unicorns or the motherfucking Kardashians. That makes just as much sense!
"No, okay, if... If you have dropped dead, I'm gonna feel really bad."
"""Ah, how I hate the old woman now!"
Just hit you in the heart.
I think it's just this club shit.
How do you get your shit?
"We don't have all fucking night here, guys."
How about all them crazy kids?
"Okay, does this jerk-off machine, Raffi, have a circle and some tubes coming out of it..."
"Am I workin' with you, or am I some kind of goddamn suspect, or what?"
"Men fight for me... because if they do not, I throw them off my land and I starve their wives and their children."
Just get the hell out of Shanghai.
"Lloyd, Lloyd, why the fuck do I care if he won't use our containers?"
"Please, not another bloody cowboy, Marvin thought to himself."
Funny name for a nigger boy from Philadelphia.
You don't have shit on me.
You'll blow your own face off.
What the hell?!
Painful skin reactions at the opening of the vagina have very rarely made it difficult for some women to pass urine.
"Careful there, you're going to kick something."
Of course he rolled his fucking eyes!
"Yeah. Well, now he's screwing with your head."
"Oi, Eric, fucking thanks so much, mate."
Who is this asshole?
"And never fly in a straight line, or you're a dead duck."
"If you believe what Carlos said, why didn't you let him kill me?"
Shut up! Like me to grab you some toilet paper?
Here's your cut off head!
"Mr. Spock, the word disgusting describes exactly what I feel about those two."
We can always cut around this if it gets too pathetic.
Had these bastards tapped Mattie's phone?
"They wanted them dead, and they want them dead again, but they’re coming back."
"And the most shocking of all is that there are young girls from Thailand, who have been sold as prostitutes."
"Wow, when you said you had some notes, you really had some fucking notes."
"In fact, you fool, it's Sheriff Pearlie—'"
"It's such a sweet and magical moment, so I need you to knock some of those fat sluts out of my way."
Get the hell out of here.
"It ain't a damn joke, man!"
"""How do you feel when Jewish kids... ""get their teeth kicked out by Jew-haters?"""
We ain't seen shit!
Willow forced me to free her with her brain.
"If you hurt Lauren, I will hunt you down."
What are they doing here? Son of a whore.
And tell me who must die in response.
"Oh... damn, dog!"
"Shit, this one I can't even pronounce."
"We have to start crippling them before they ruin our whole damned day."""
"But most THE DRAGONBONE CHAIR 125 important, I don't want you—a couple of suet-soft castle boys who have felt nothing more painful in their lives than a smack on their pink arses for stealing cherries."
"Reg, it's Killer."
Charlie had claymores strung up in the trees. Blew a whole fucking platoon to pieces.
"No, the pow is in your brain."
"Sorry, Moron."
Any of you skirts ever changed a goddamn tire?
"Smear: Damn, how long have you lived here?"
"Wasn't selling, more of a conduit for shit flowing up from the South."
The Jews killed Our Lord and he's standing up for them.
Him and that midget.
"Listen Harvey, you punctilious prick!"
Why don't you take that shit to the cops?
"For that kind of money, they expect millions of women. to want intercourse with him."
"""Please trust me,"" the hag whined and fled the room."
Don't tell anybody... ...I like to ride this damn thing just for the hell of it.
"You've got balls, Davy Crockett."
We despise this kind of trapper.
Bite my boot!
Why didn't you have sex with him?
That girl will bring fire.
He wasn't afraid to die.
Did you take drugs? -Fuck!
"Go fucking back, then."
Do not poke the fucking monkeys!
Honestly! Fine. Then you won't mind giving us a semen sample.
"But, Pilar, she is something barbarous!"
Tucker is the underage victim of statutory rape.
"How dare you, you cupcake!"
I'm gonna hurt you...
"If I go, Théoden dies."
Your blood will be in the sea if I don't watch where I'm going.
"Damn it, why do kids have heads?"
What the hell are you saying?
"For surgeons, ""lost cause"" just means ""try a little harder."" Oh, damn it."
"This is about them Levis living here forever, one-percenter style, while we march our dopey, fat asses down to the shiny new death camps at every corner."
"Yeah, she's bat-shit crazy, even for an actress."
"You know where your dick is, don't you, Big Al?"
"Oh, the queen who's screwing me out."
I can't see a goddamn thing!
I'd have to milk you.
"Please, don't be foolish."
"And now it's ""Shooting the Rabbits""."
"""Am I a filthy ronin who'd attack his liege lord?"
"Yeah. I don't know how to say this, But your wife just threw up in the trash."
Get the fuck out of my house.
Seems I'm up to my ass in demons.
"When they attack our cities, we will flatten theirs. Then we will obliterate them!"
"""bugs carrying balls of dung."""
"Don't turn on the light, Chris, unless you wanna die."
I have had a bad fucking night and I do not need to be tested.
Get off me!
"So you'd come to a reading in Paris... ...and I could walk up to you and ask, ""Where the fuck were you?"""
"Idiot, that's the blues."
"For all I know, you're a murderer."
You’re pale as a ghost.
We just cut up our girlfriend with a chainsaw.
"She needs, like, a crack habit or a brother with cancer... ...something Oscar-worthy."
"By the way, his testicle retrieval operation went quite well, in case you're interested."
Hurt people. - In some cases killing them.
"Jackie, what the hell is going on between you and Kelso?"
Step two: we destroy that thing.
What the hell?
Because I have to go fix my fucking Patti Lupone interview.
Poor animal is to be destroyed today.
How the hell...
My mother would put you guys to shame!
"You know, you better be right about this, or it's my ass too."
I have sex with strangers... because I'm incapable of doing it with someone I actually like.
"""Slaves, dangerous imbalance,"" Odrade said."
"Shit, everybody waitin' on the re-up, but I never made that run before."
"If by gay you mean the old English definition of ""fun, enjoyable and carefree,"" then, yes, it's extremely gay."
"Hey, kid, if you're not gonna do a trick soon, I'm gonna go chat up that crazy new broad they brought in."
"A Jew can't drink, a Jew can't fight."
You never know where the hell you are.
We... had sex.
"See that, Shitbreak?"
No shit. Tell me something I don't know.
"Jenna will find it, throw a fit, and call off her engagement with that... unloving, emotionless... monster."
"That Framboise is a freak, huh?"
"Everyone, let's show these fiends that they came to the wrong town."
Eternal little loser... who comes to school every day knowing that this is it.
I'll run you down.
"She gets good toys, she wants a good car, then she wants to go to a good college, and that costs, like, $10,000 a year, and then you're screwed."
"You didn't plan to drug Jessica, let alone kill her."
You've gotta go in there and crush Bradley like I crushed Henry Warren.
Kill! What are you gonna do?!
Would you just shut up?
"Cody. God damn it, Cody."
"He was a terrible, wasted thing, not in any way human, but something so dark and vile as to be unrecognizable."
You should at least get extra credit for working on a real fucking case.
And this shit is okay with you?
The Japanese guards. Who vieW surrender as a disgrace. Treat them vicious/y.
What the hell you mean?
"I think I'm fucked up, man."
"Order Any civilian caught interfering with the railroad bridges, tunnels or trains will be summarily hanged."
That cold was really getting on my tits.
Did you let that little brat escape again?
Lawrence of my labia.
Can we just talk about you being a zombie?
I don't give a shit!
He's totally fucking naked. He's threatening to jump.
"Hey, but don't fuckin' get it twisted, bro."
What did the bastard say?
"If he doesn't stop lying to me, I'm gonna cut him looser than Jared's pants after a Subway diet."
Looked like shit very nice.
There are many whores and gold diggers over there!
I only want a drop of your blood.
He brokered the fucking thing.
"What the fuck, dude?"
"Faggots bring bad luck, man!"
"If you climb into this car, I fired."
"Holy... shit, that's deep."
Where's that little booger?
Huck would kill me. Huck let me torture someone once.
"Damn it, like it's your last!"
"They be hittin'you 'til you smack 'em, Then they cry, but they like that shit,"
"God, I love how much you disgust me."
"Feared and respected in equal measure, he was a bully's bully, and brought a degree of class and innovation to the whole bullying game."
"Well,until I get slaughtered in the woods by a madman."
"His father whispered that it was a trap, exactly the sort of trap he himself would have set in this situation, lure the scumbucket in, make him believe the place was empty, then land on him like a load of bricks."
You gonna end up being an old maid.
Open your mouth. Stick out your tongue.
"Mr. Romero, - care to take a stab?"
"In an instant he saw what the new prisoner was doing and raising his spear, struck the ape-man a vicious blow across the head with its shaft."
"It's too hot, maniac!"
Give him your fucking words to print on your fucking machine!
You can get the fuck out of my sight now.
"Not that it's any of your fucking business, but no."
"Never thought I'd say this, but, hot damn, it's the cops."
"Stupid, when will you grow up?"
"As your new leader, I hereby banish Alakay! He shall wear this Hat of Shame... ...and leave the watering hole for a thousand years, or life!"
I'll go study and hell work there
"God damn it, Preston, all you had to do was look her in the eye and lie."
"Oh, for fuck's sake, Carrie."
"Yes, goddamn it, and then I met you and we had this ridiculously irrational weekend together and now I don't know where I am..."
"""If you got your ass shot off, you'd want them to take it seriously in Washington, wouldn't you?"""
"With a wife like you, I can behave like a boor and search everywhere."
"Oh, shit. I know all my friends."
He tells me of young people wanting to give in to their filthy sexual curiosity.
Any fucking garbage to come between me and your brother.
That's because you're a loser.
But you have got to let me clean this shit up.
How fucked are we? Who knows how long it will rain?
Nobody wants to be the one loser in the school without a flower.
"Baby, if you don't tell me what you're pissed off about, we'll end up in some dumb fight about, I don't know, who forgot to change the dishwasher filter."
"He knows if he has all four statues, it fucks with their heads."
Somebody stop those wretched little creatures!
"You’re a pain, like all mothers."
"I wanted so bad to put him out of his misery, but I can't."
"So have sex, fight or quit, I don't care."
Give that man 10 lashes.
"Damn, you look funny."
"The opposing candidate’s wife gets incinerated by a car bomb, and you think I should have gone public with a bunch of pornographic photos of her screwing her bodyguard, who, by the way, also got killed in the explosion?"
"I just found out, and it's fucked."
I brought a headshot.
"Now this white man, was the black his slave?"
"Shit, I can't wednesday."
"'Oh, shut up,' Bobby said without looking at him."
"If this searcher saw the darker brown stain, would he shoot into it or stab into it?"
"Lori's long knife, thrown with deadly accuracy, went straight into his throat."
It's not fucking Danny.
"Damn it Maureen, it is an alert!"
Shut up and listen to me.
That was the worst beat I have ever been on. It was like being on patrol with a flippin' two-year-old.
She might even interfere with his own plans and insist on playing some silly role with her bow and arrow.
"I am going to bury myself alive every night, and then someone will come along and dig me up."
Maybe Adam was a screwup.
"Yeah, you bet your ass they were."
They can just barely tolerate women.
Have you lost your mind?
Trash-talking is what I do best.
He'd let the kid die of hunger.
But it damn sure dont belong to you.
He looks sick.
"Sam, seriously. I will not sleep with you."
You look a little unhinged.
"With the kidneys almost shut down already, he'il die."
"'A Mezla slut gets what she deserves, but the girl was no Mezla.'"
"Two shots and spitting would be more accurate at a distance, but then Gaynor's men didn't want to kill me."
No more crotch shots of me getting out of a car.
"Ishay, where's the damn foetal monitor?"
"For an extra five bucks she'll spit in your face, Mum."
"Well you know how they used to slaughter beefs, hit 'em right there with a maul... ..truss 'em up and slit their throats?"
But I've never been To a bat shit town.
They must had all died from snorting this ka-ka-ka-- crap.
"Oh, great. So now we can invite some new scary super-villains to the ""People Who Suck"" party."
Shove him in the trunk of the car.
You've been in love with the guy from the book store for two years. You haven't done shit.
That sucks!
Jeff's as good as dead.
I know you are fucking with someone at that time.
"All in favour of killing 'em, raise your tail."
You think you can bother us just 'cause you've put on a fuckin' fluorescent vest?
"""For Petes sake,"" he said, ""what could be uglier and dumber than a rhinoceros?"
Can you please... - Shut up!
You can shag the bride.
...how's the hotel business? -Sucks.
"I wish to hell that you didn't have to be part of this, that I could just make it all stop, but I can't."
Black abscessed tongue.
"You, your acting teacher and your diaphragm."
"Fuck's sake, man."
"It was an incredibly tenacious cult, a throwback to Sumer, that spread itself both verbally and through the exchange of bodily fluids -- they had cult prostitutes, and they also adopted orphans and spread the virus to them via breast milk."""
Paralytic.
Are you fucking deaf?
"Our biggest export, practically, is garbage, but apart from garbage we export military equipment."
"Before the year is out, this man will hang."
"When finally heard shots clock, Bell was ready to die."
"I swear to christ, morgan, After this case, I'm submitting your ass For psychiatric evaluation."
"And then one of the mercenaries went down in a flurry of blood, and ap Owen was standing over him, flashing his lunatic grin."
Divorce the harlot!
Shut it! - But they...
"I come home and there’s no one but the cat, crying and crying, and pretty soon I’m crying, too, both of us crying while I fill up her dish with that goddam muck she eats.”"
Neil is catnip for paedos.
"He had to know—no, Rutledge corrected himself, he should know or ought to know—that the American position was being driven by public opinion at home, and that that public opinion was against the interests of the PRC, because the PRC had fucked up in public."
He said he wanted them to kill each other... and all they wanted to do was to kill each other... and he would help them do that if that's what they wanted.
"I don't get it. You're all so bizarre, like puppets, manipulated by God knows who!"
Yes. Elizabeth is to be declared a bastard.
Never should have answered that damn phone.
Your insane boss just made enough noise... tor anyone within ten miles to hear us.
Get off of me!
He doesn't trust your bloodsuckers.
Joseph Smith took his magical fuck frog and rubbed it upon Brigham Young's clit face.
"You know, come tomorrow, somebody better buy me a fucking beer."
How selfish.
No touchdown. Damn it.
You fucking made me!
"Well, it's a smart thingto do as a witch, but an annoying thing to do as a sister."
"God, he's gonna get us all killed!"
"He's got a gun, you fucking idiot!"
What nonsense he does.
"""God damn the King and Queen!"" (LAUGHS)"
"You ready to get your ass off that big gray monster, get out to Coronado and get your hands dirty with the big boys?"
Sometimes I think you have always been useless to me.
"But to be honest, it doesn't take a magic eye - to see just how thoroughly Yugi has trounced your sorry behind again and again."
'Damn!'
"Well, you better cut one to Mother Teresa so you can give it to her while she's finger-banging you in hell."
"Okay, all right, I'll draw you a damn map."
"Got to make it home to my babies. Damn, now."
"One of the drow held just one weapon now, with his dirk arm tucked in close to his side to stem the flow of blood from a curving scimitar gash."
"Mary, I will hunt them to the ends of the earth."
"Still lying, still bullshitting."
Why don't you crash on the floor?
"I am calling to see if you gave me herpes, Because if you did, I would be able to avoid a lot of sucky conversations."
Sex after children.
"Seriously, what a shit idea!"
We got important shit to discuss.
"Oh, just pick a club and hit it."
Because you're dead.
"No, 'cause after every other fucking thing we went through last night... you got to make us stop at that new joint across from Nuttall's."
"My girlfriend, who wants to eat me up, is a gumiho."
"You want to forget her, otherwise she'll keep on taking the piss."
"Ugh, gross."
Those German bandits!
"Barney and Robin are miserable together, but they're too stubborn to admit it."
Who'd be stupid enough\Nto deposit money in a German bank?
"Like all hot girls, she's a nightmare."
(Sighs) Mine always end up looking like dogs on stilts.
"You're a tortured one, aren't you, huntsman?"
"Come here, you little son-of-a-bitch!"
"Okay, dicknuts, I'm just saying they work hard as hell, and they work cheap."
Let not the royal bed of Denmark be... ...a couch for luxury and damned incest
You tell me this fucking time where does Balilla hide.
Only thing that stops him is hitting him on the nose with a rolled-up newspaper.
I cannot believe you're willing to fuck that up!
"Have a drink, relax, you know, go fucking apeshit."
"With a lady like this, shit, I'd call you Lucky too."
"Now, I'm supposed to read this statement to you all here. But why don't you just read it on your own time, and I'll just tell you what the fuck is going on here."
You have got to fucking be kidding me!
This is the Will of our Lord. Slit your stomach.
Jesus fucking Christ!
"Oh, how sad the fools of the rabble seem to me today!"
You have shown me a life I could only dream about back home while masturbating in my father's woodshed.
"Κeep him busy, you know, the jerk the eggs fell on."
Does any of that ring a goddamn bell to you?
"You were foolish to leave Babylon 5, you know."
They won't come in. - Shit.
I don't want to see this place turned into some bloody wasteland.
Ten of them. Shot them on the spot.
"You...like hitting girls, don't you?"
But if I thought more about blowing my brains out... ...l started worrying about what that would do to my goddamn carpet.
It looks like some dog in my shell.
Shut up over there!
Because if you don't... ...and I catch any of you doing any more brawling in my territory... ...I'll beat every one of you and see you go to the can and rot there!
Maybe I'll shoot my toes off...
You've killed people before.
They only come for a refund if you try to screw them.
Then get your ass the hell out of here right now.
A dinking brain isn't any less worrisome than a pinging brain.
Such a goddamn romantic.
Every damn bakery in Amarillo said no.
What the hell does that do?
"What are you, a pimp?"
"What the hell are you doing here, Carnby?"
Are you a good pianist? Penist !
You did waste my fucking time.
"Look, I just saved you guys' asses from the slammer. So now they belong to me."
Kelly has an eating disorder.
These kids will pretty much destroy them.
The last thing we need is some little sissy boy... ...hanging around all summer.
Dwight saw her body. - Shut up!
In some cases killing them.
So damn pretty.
"Mr. President... I'm beginning to smell a big, fat Commie rat."
"Hell, she loved the damn animal more than me."
I don't fuckin' believe this.
"All night long, fat ass! All night long!"
"The soil, Marcus... black."
"I thought they promised you a bonus if you harpooned this monster, Mr Land."
"Cut the crap, we can't wait any longer."
"A perp like Rudolph makes cops uneasy for all kinds of reasons, but the major one is that a guy crazy enough to do things like that to dead people might be crazy enough to try doing them to ones that are still alive . . . not that you'd live very long after Rudolph decided to split your head open with his trusty axe."
Maybe she's some kind of religious nut who's trying to sneak it in.
You are Myror.
Sick of you talking shit about me in the press.
"Strike 1, tear them up."
"Holy shit, ""Bolero"" is my favorite."
Damn siren!
In a world where men hate enough to kill each other... ...why are you trying to fill my stomach?!
Wait 'til they hear this nutty woman telling them to watch for the Army of the Twelve Monkeys.
"What the hell, the hunter thought."
"Where you get that pistol, Mr. Trash?"
"Turning to the less stupid portion of our broadcast, fuel prices hit an all-time high today due to the ongoing dark matter shortage:"
You haven't been granted any pardon; we've simply been picking your brains.
"Damn, that's your ride?"
What the fuck?
"I lost a dozen good men, and nobody can tell me jack shit."
I guess I'm just... screwed...
You took this because you were a loser in college while Shake was being a superstar.
Hopefully that will clear up the how-full-of-shit-am-I question... ...you been asking yourself.
They must die before they kill us with their blasted dreams.
But you still killed her.
Blink 182 hated each other and still found a way to continue to suck as a band for years.
It's that slut from the plane.
And I'll undress you at night.
Look... No one ever thinks chicks do shit like this.
"Sound the alarm, Crazy."
"Answer the fucking question, Cassie."
"Thanks to Al Gore's stupid Internet, people can just get music for free."
"The evening's young, we're all going to have such a gay Brandy!"
"Ah, thought I'd go to my crappy job and get yelled at by my angry boss."
"May God punish you, Father Constantine!"
"Cordell, get this damn thing off me."
Have you ever heard such a ridiculous lie?
I don't know if it's the right way. - but goddamn it. it's my way.
"Prik, you'il be the villain."
"Watch it, you miserable little..."
He is a monkey dancing on razor blades.
"Jesus, what happened to your shit man."
It's just a fucking cat.
Elizabeth is to be declared a bastard.
We need to get a fucking maid.
"You are a readin' fool, aren't ou, Mr, Dorr?"
"Because he's a SAM, a Smart-Ass Masochist."
Shit. That's Khmer Rouge. They've reached the village.
He'il shoot you before you go in.
He's rigged a pulley system so he can eat sausage and work on his stupid drawings.
I never want to see you again.
And you... take this as a compliment... are the most anal copper that I got.
"They eat, shit, mate and devour everything around them. 365"
"One thing we can agree on, kill a few people at random, nothing changes."
I think I can. Goddamn guarantee that.
"You wanna hit that lamp, you should aim at me."
"You know, if you ever wonder why he was so screwed up..."
Giovanni mostly shoots Giovanni.
I heard that you go to that rich prick school.
They should have cut open the abdomen first.
'Ey Ooby-Doos!' the retarded kid says.
"When you burn a witch, her soul burns eternally, so the exorcism of witches requires a very special method."
"Go on, Rita. Give them hell."
"I didn't know who took it - Oh, bullshit!"
"I expected a retort involving ""macho"" or ""male chauvinist pig"" or at least ""community property."""
"If Ben was killed by that blasted machine, there'll be anger in his soul."
Otherwise you'd go mad.
It's just a stupid car problem.
"Okay, take a deep breath, and remember, this is ridiculous."
I opened the window because those fags are killing me.
"As far as I can see, we aren't losing population but … dammit, we're losing something."""
“Shot some of your own troops at Eridu.
I hope his dick is bigger than his I.Q.
"All he had to do was say my dad's name, but he kept his fucking mouth shut."
He's a shame for all Cossacks.
"Shut up, lumberjack!"
"You dare, you fucking dare ask me if there's a God?"
It's that damn woman again.
Pregnant cow.
"Oh, the chefs are cursed, yeah. Yeah."
"In Georgia he was Ramsey Forrest, a distant descendant of Nathan Bedford Forrest, and in his white sheet he had participated in two rapes, a castration, and the burning of a nigger shanty town."
BOY: Damn.
What the hell?
They deserve to live in ignorance.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
It looked like a freaking circus.
"You are no genius yourself, kid."
"You forgot, just the way you keep forgetting to change February on that damned calendar."
In life he was a thief.
Someday a real rain will come and wash this scum off the streets.
If we falter even a little we're dead.
I know what the fuck I'm playing at.
Just get in the damn car.
Holy shit. Monique was a victim?
Left him a note. You stink.
"Carson, your mom's unstable."
Everyone's gone mental.
"So at the very worst, she thinks you indirectly fucked it to death."
"Bastard, you hear me?"
It's Sugar Ray Leonard. I'm sure his wife can throw a punch too.
You keep that shit to yourself.
"Yeah, I mean, it's sort of charming that she's a con artist."
I'm not fucking leaving him.
"In the event of a positive result, the bull shall be removed from the centre and all of its semen destroyed."
"(Chuckles) Well, I would, um, but as it turns out, Lily Anne hates my guts."
"We're gonna get it, and I'll shoot it, okay?"
I just gotta remind April how dope her fucking life is.
Jake held a gun to my head and he made me do it.
But it's 2:00 in the fucking morning.
"But then Rebecca Brown's stupid sister comes over, and... and you decideto break the rules, Sam."
"I had to slug her because she fought,"
"I guess if you want something badly enough, then maybe getting your shins pummeled is a fair price. ♪ That is all I'll ever need ♪"
"We just wondered where you were planning... to spread your V.D. today, that's all, hussy. Hey, I don't think that's necessary."
"For reply, I cut a gash in his left cheek."
I am the fucking king of Dirk!
You had sex with Lisa Newbery that night?
"He folded her close, and his mouth was on her throat."
"I told you Dignan got fired, out on his ass."
The gun you used to kill David.
"Here we are waiting for you like idiots, calling for you..."
I want to see shit blown up and bodies flying around!
"Why, you wanna have sex or something?"
"You know, fuck it, man. I don't have any friends. Honestly."
‘I want him boiling mad.
Then he runs up five flights of stairs just to shoot me with his magic air gun and disappear.
That is the reason I took him to my thighs.
"I, uh- I'm female kryptonite."
She could tell me I was gonna die in ten minutes if she told me topless.
You're... you're freakingout my girlfriend... both of us.
A samurai needs to die by a true blade which is a warrior's soul
"""Folks, you got to shut your dog up."""
But do it quick cos Wentworth will be dead in 20 minutes.
"Automatic painting, my ass!"
"These despised themselves, as being the dupes of a wily fraud, a guileful snake in the grass."
Plentv of time for a sniper to make strawberry jam of him.
"So, have a drink. Shut up."
"Whore of whores! My Frankie could have any woman on earth, - and he chose you?"
People like you think the brothers are guinea pigs... ...the way we talk and shit.
He despises us.
I hit him with a rock.
"If you were deformed, I'd bring you to Hawaii, but I'd leave you there,"
"So ask yourself, would killing him get me what I want?"
"If I wanted to take you out, you wouldn't have reached the fucking door."
I want him to hang.
Wratha's far too much woman for a fop such as you!
Now give me my shot.”
"Where the fuck would we be without a bar, right?"
Fucking get off!
I think you broke your nose. I'm screwed.
"So you can prescribe this shit for me, legal?"
Really... bad shit.
"He's a dead ringer all right, or rather, soon to be dead."
The crap like this... catching a junior officer in an obvious lie... all it does is remind him of how far away he is... from the real war... the one he's supposed to be fighting.
"Radon Randell, tell us what it's like to suck so bad at football?"
"By the way, did I miss the circle jerk?"
Only time you worry about a soldier is when he stops bitching.
Damn it! Let me go!
"If this were another doctor, if the patient were complaining about, let's say, I don't know, Foreman, you'd just dismiss this as the paranoid bitching of another paranoid bitch."
Dammit! I did you a favor.
"This sector's so screwed, nobody knows where the German Éines or our Éines are."
Shut your mouth or I'll really hurt you.
"It was plain to see that the human folk of this inner world had not advanced far in learning, and the thought that the ugly Mahars had so outstripped them was a very pathetic one indeed."
Don't be silly I thank you for being my girl's friend
Imagine if they thought your son was some big queer.
"""Kind my ass,"" said the man in the pale suit."
"Life is ridiculous and boring, before you move here."
"I'm sexually aroused, Commander!"
"All right, so it's a crap marriage."
"Why would I want to kill you, Charles?"
What the hell?
Then what the hell are you doin' here?
"Evan, that's psycho shit, man."
"Fuck! Right, we take yours."
"Shining up shit and calling it gold, so majors become colonels and mayors become governors."
I killed her.
"Or an ""everything's gonna be all right""? - everything's gonna be all right. - that's bullshit. - hey, come here."
"This isn't six weeks, this is three! Shit!"
She's probably a pimp.
"'That monkey,' he said, 'has eaten its last banana."
"To tell you the truth, I don't give a rat's ass where she is."
"Thank you, but I'm really sorry, so you shut up."
Did you know your daughter came to my house tonight? Thinking suicide is one of her options.
""" 'That pale-faced Emily, that miserable Englishman...' she said, oblivious to the flicker of pain in my face."
"When was the last time you were clean, for fuck's sake?"
"If they constituted a message, Miles was damned if he knew what it was."
Sitting hadn't bothered him a bit while he was doing it -- not with enough shit in his bloodstream to have put half the Prussian Army to steep -- but now it felt as if a swarm of bees had been loosed in the lower half of his body.
Shot her through the back window.
"Killed the owner, took a shot at the cops."
Where is that scoundrel?
Here's a silly straw.
It was a big joketo fool Freddy.
"""A guy holding his girlfriend hostage with a knife to her throat."""
"If we was in a movie theater, some black woman be screaming,"
"As if I'm just gonna let you rot in there. Yeah, you are."
"My dad was a bastard, all right. He used to make me bend over while he whipped me with his belt."
"You keep messing with my girls, and that curse on your head'll be the least of your worries."
Shoot him in the mouth.
"I guess you want me to get that rifle over there too so you can shoot that cop when he comes back up, huh?"
Why the fuck would I ever trust somebody who'd leave me holding my cock like this?
"We thought it was a fool's errand, until three days ago."
"Give it to Mel, she's a walking bloody rom-com!"
I know you're not a hooker!
"No, it's never stupid."
You're supposed to be dead.
He is a beast!
What the hell does Barney think marriage is gonna be like anyway?
I think he's talking about you. shut up!
I want him and his filthy feet out of here.
YOU'RE NOTHING LIKE YOUR MOTHER.
Which means Stone's got to be dirty.
Kill him?!
"Either a clerk at OKW fucked up, which is not unheard-of, or else he just didn't know the number, and put the rocket's in as the next best thing."
The contractor's fucking up somewhere with those new composite turbine blades.
"""I was stupid,"" he said, and meant it."
And not a goddamned thing you've done in the subsequent four years... ...including getting knocked up is going to change that.
"Well , his daughter had my baby. Oh , shit!"
He's in the fucking house!
We're gonna burn it down.
"Shit, Dick, you sent a lamb into slaughter and he walked out a king sheep."
And get your butts to school. You hear me?
A super hetero killing machine.
Get the hell out of here.
Watch her head! Shit.
Between women's legs!
They keep calling me a hag!
"""I didn't think you could be Christian and raise zombies."""
And the fountainhead of this obscene cult was Dracula himself.
Or that I would find them dead.
Every station has people at the airport... ... and no-one has heard a whisper of this shit!
"No, Beltzer heard of a whore who drowned and the rest was wishful thinking."
"How I feel is not a damn thing like Billy the Kid, let me tell you."
Shit. What I'm doing?
Damn!
"Bullet, back of the head, close range. Execution."
Damn Caribbean.
"What the hell, man?"
"Well, it ain't goin' in your ass cheeks, that's for sure."
You're not a fuckin' Russian. You're an American. You know that.
Fuck! You guys are really freaking me out with that twin shit.
"I'm sorry, baby. This thing is kicking my ass."
"Hold onto it till the white people show up, - You make a killing."
You're a tooth thief!
"But I'm that same son of a bitch you trusted your lives with... ...played softball with,went drinking with."
"No, no, I will send my own people to check before you railroad fools wreck anything else."""
"If you ever touch me again, threaten me again or hit me again,"
I've been robbing fools all day.
"Carolyn, are you completely out of your mind?"
Just cos I don't read fucking books.
"That's more dreadful heritage Britain nonsense, isn't it?"
"Animators, voodoo priests, pot-smoking teenagers, necrophiliacs, satanists."
God damn.
"Gimme that, you dork!"
And who was this bumpkin of a knight?
"We sell the dope, you'll be able to buy a thousand fucking shirts!"
I left the damn keys in the car.
Kill me now. Could you be any more boring?
"She says ""A oner"", he says ""All right,"" takes her off. Says ""All right, clothes off, get on the bed,"" she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing, bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had."
Yeah. I'm going to arrest all of you.
"""Thou hadst a whore's forehead, thou refusedst to be ashamed."""
"""Wha' did she say to ye, yon witch?"""
The sun has fried his brain.
And your time and place is in a very isolated location where no one is likely to be for about a fucking hundred years.
"'I repeat, you are all sitting ducks."
He´s holding on to his shit like it was money.
No one should ever have any object placed inside their asshole that is larger than a fist and less loving than a dildo okay?
"I'm just saying, cos damn, you look good."
Call the goddamn army!
I shall chain you in a cell underground and take billy club to you until they pour from you like water.
"""Suppose you'd be willing to go after those bastards if we could?"""
Our hands are dirty.
There's nothing you can say that's gonna make these guys park your ass on a curb and drive away.
No telling what crazy Hope will do.
"And I'll be damned if I'm gonna let him get away with it now, just because we tried to protect an innocent girl's reputation, and so as to spare her mother even more pain."
I would have thrown you away if I'd known you'd be like your father!
You're gonna die screaming but you won't be heard
Are you out of your big fat Russian skull?
I am going to bust my ass to prove that you are innocent.
I talked to one of the old guys from dicks and he said your guy was called Harvey Wallbanger.
"He's either a world-class sociopath, Or there's a lot more to this story than just money."
Goddamn.
"Oh, sir, you're listening to an old fool who wishes to hold onto the past when the world is intent on moving and turning."
"Let's just cut the bullshit, okay?"
How do you get the damn thing closed?
I told you to shut up.
"And you, Lokai, you'll die here in space."
But a cliched Irish motherfucker when he wanted to be.
"I mean, breaking balls is one thing. But those men... they did not pay their own way and drive ten hours to come here to be the butt of a joke."
"Now, where's my money you stole, you little hoodlum?"
"Tell him to cut me down, Jewels."
"Rasheed meant mopping up the toilets and picking up towels, and judging by the ass-kicking I saved you from, I'm not the one who needed moves."
Monk.
"Well, I don't. Listen, I take responsibility for all the shit I pulled, but, Rita, I was in the program. I kicked the hard stuff."
And it sucks.
"I mean, those producers screwed you."
Sexual abuse and sexual exploitation of children and child pornography ***I (vote)
I think that is foolish.
"I thought, ""What the hell?"""
"Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to take you up to the bridge."
Wash the udder if it is dirty.
We got fuckin' shot at.
I got the best fricking attorney.
"You know, I don't give a shit about Krispity Krunch."
"Um, what's the one in Belgium, of the little boy with his dick out?"
A very foolish one... ...who wasted many hours slaying dragons instead of attending to his studies.
"""Boss, kill some more chickens for me."""
"Don't bullshit, I can't find Chinese Cookery Academy now."
You're out of your mind!
"You must smell like feet wrapped in leathery, burnt bacon."
"That shit's expensive too, man."
Why does one practice shooting someone in the groin?
Burned all the bits and pieces.
"""Burn with me."""
"""get the hell out and don't take anything."" ""un-ass."" Nice. ""un-ass."""
"""Dump him in there."""
"Don't shit me, Kovic."
Why don't you mind your own goddamn business?
Now you'il get fat and Dylan won't love you any more.
"And if you don't listen to me, guess what - you will die!"
"Do you have any idea how frustrating it is to see you, night by night, drive past me with your fucking taillights still broken?"
You shouldn't be a sucker to get robbed then.
Shit! I'm sorry.
They have to stay so other people can bash them on the head.
"Or what, you tear my head off?"
"Look at that. Man, that's fucking great."
"You weird, old, sad fellow."
"Yeah, and you screwed it off."
"And then one day - and who the fuck knows why - ...some Irish guy, about 25 years old... ...he takes King Benny and flings him down a flight of stairs."
We're fucked. Pamela's called six times.
"Lousy teachers, trying to palm off our kids on us."
I'll have the poor bitchin hospital tonight.
The compressed air will kill him.
Hitting on my girl.
"You really think if I killed a woman, I'd leave her body in my own church"
Pig! It's all fake!
If there's one thing I'm good at in this world... it's sucking.
It's the name of my dick.
You keep your stoner boner away from her.
Good. 'Cause I would've set you on fire if you'd said yes.
The inability to love is more pathetic than impotence
I told her I thought it was the fuck of the century.
You got Mom killed!
I killed them all... ...in the night.
And Bud and fucking Andy waited 12 whole hours... ...to show me a videotape that proved I didn't do it.
We just booked Howard Moses to shoot clearasil.
You're like a pair of horrible old women.
What are you losers doing?
Hunting errant slaves is beneath you.
Kill him now. Let us feast.
Holy shit.
"Damn, Heylia, you get nervous around a barbecue."
"Swear to god, lana better be dead on a slab or Begging for mercy over a vat of acid or a shark tank or -- Drinking champagne in a bikini?!"
"Damn carelessness, all that trouble for one door"
"When I came here, he was a coward."
Mr. Graham! Tell this man to fire at me!
It's like Coca-Cola or Pepsi with dicks in it.
"""Hungry Are the Damned. """
"Hey, Bremner, you should be in the bloody book for that!"
Since this boy was suckling on his momma's tit... ...he's been given everything but discipline.
"White, it resembled the walk-tap stick of a sightless woman."
His office was a madhouse.
You're bloody lucky you weren't killed.
"That's how I got there, and it's exactly what happened when you shot him."
"""Dear Vorenus, I don't fuck your wife."""
"Dummy, you, can we clean up this mess?"
"The six million Negroes want to throw out the 60,000 whites."
"Well, call it the goddamn PC-1390 and we're done."
Even someone foolish enough to work for you but sleep with the enemy?
"It says that I killed the wife of the Governor."""
power rangers mistic forse pamela anderson sex video wwe 2girls1cup kama sutra nude basshunter xxx hentai bb8 big brother enrique iglesias jonas brothers hanah montana sex scenes orgasm amnesia ibiza sexy girls linkin park akon
But don't come crying to me when that girl tells everybody you had sex with a couch again.
That thing won't be back for another 76 years... and we'll both be dead.
"""I'm going to eat you, little boy,"" the dogman answered, and suddenly a fusillade of barks came from his grinning mouth."
You have been a plague on my life.
"I mean, it would almost be irresponsible of you not to fuck him."
She was a royal pain!
"""What the hell!"" Random said."
If you are being treated for genital warts:
"Wait, doesn't that fucking hu?"
"What? She's drunk, high, fuck and I don't know why."
Double G wasin charge of stolen shit.
"Hitler, of course, thanks to the advanced technology of Germany, was among the first human beings to turn their brains to cobwebs with amphetamine."
2girls1cup jonas brothers akon amnesia ibiza kama sutra nude xxx pamela anderson sex video basshunter bb8 big brother hanah montana linkin park hentai sex scenes power rangers mistic forse wwe sexy girls enrique iglesias orgasm
"Pal, there are so many hookers on this street."
"I mean, what kind of goddamned person leaves her daughter?"
Are you man or demon?
I'm gonna drag you... ...and your dirty laundry out on the street.
This is a goddamn bomb we're sitting on that can blow everything sky-high.
Get your little furry ass back in your cage.
Put the butts in your pockets now!
You guys are too old.
"Oh, dude, your rat-dog just tongued me."
Not a fucking word.
I believe you're either scared... ..or you're getting too goddamn close to this surfing guru buddy ofyours.
This is a disgusting place.
"No, no black market shit, just regular market shit. What?"
I love her'... which is crap 'cause I never read the book either.
Why the hell would you sleep here?
You're not taking this shit seriously?
But those boobs?
"""I know it's stupid to judge an alien by your own species' values, but I really thought you were a friend."
These are all useless thoughts.
"There was a little pause, after which the stranger said, ""Estraven, the traitor."
"I'm talking about my friends, damn it!"
"Wow Man you see, that's just ugly"
The only way to get this done is to just scare them shitless.
Why not making fun your mother?
Push the goddamned buzzer.
So you only had sex with me because you thought I was a banker?
So leave me the hell alone.
"Maybe dumb experiences, but you never know... when you're accidentally gonna stumble across something... that could be something."
Perverted!
"""Christ Jesus, be careful, mind my foot, you clumsy dunghead!"""
"Now, piss off. Good job. Thank you, chef."
"Yeah, you know, maybe... maybe the next time, uh, some asshole cuts me off on the highway, I'll pull over, and I'll meditate."
I did? Then I fucked your daughter.
Scooping ice cream to your shitheel friends on summer break.
What's so damn funny?
I'm fucking saying goodbye here!
Uhhh... damn!
"Obviously, she's insane. She's not responsible for what she does... but you're a lawyer."
I'll get pimples if I have to breathe the same air as you.
He did stink.
He's picked up some damned peculiar radical notions in the last few years.
"If you can't be a gentleman, at least don't be a hog."
"You're a guest in my home, and you go mouth-rape..."
"Damn it, Patrice, that's my favorite spot in the city!"
"When you bend to play their game, you're a loser."
"You stay clean, pull your shit together..."
"The other wizards, who'd been there longer than the Archchancellor, took the view that if Bloody Stupid Johnson had built a fully functional bathroom he'd actually meant it to be something else."
Unless we repair the timeline she's going to die.
"Her grip wavered, the plunger dropped, and suddenly the spider was scrabbling up the handle like a fat man on a tightrope."
"Making girls disappear, selling his soul to the Devil..."
What the hell are we doing?
"Yeah, ""don't pick fights with big, dumb frat boys."""
"What awful rubbish, Christine."
I'm not going to change my beliefs for a shag. All right.
"""Death's my destination."""
"Talk nicely, asshole!"
"Yes, shooting tigers."
You ain't even Italian.
You afraid of the big gay man?
"'Junk,' decided Castor."
"Oh, shit, guess he didn't get enough dinner."
"He was a tall, grey old man—a terrible-looking old gentleman."
We ain't got enough whores.
"Uh, how about, lucky we didn't kill you when you went nuclear?"
What a fucking nightmare.
Are you a pervert or something?
The gowanus has gonorrhea!
Why didn't you shoot?!
Jesus Christ you meet someone and they die.
There's only one fat Lannister.
What the hell were you thinking ?
2girls1cup power rangers mistic forse xxx hanah montana linkin park bb8 big brother jonas brothers orgasm kama sutra nude sex scenes wwe sexy girls akon hentai pamela anderson sex video basshunter enrique iglesias amnesia ibiza
Maybe some kind of anti-Asian hate group.
"You had no reason to forgive her, therefore no reason to seek forgiveness, no reason to be an idiot."
"I'm just guessing they're gonna find a client list, surgeons, dentists... everybody else involved in your crappy little operation."
"I didn't drag her out to meet men, but if she has a brain... ...she'll dump you in the garbage and find someone she deserves for once."
"I'm not angry, but I don't like being treated as an idiot"
"And whilst still alive be dealt twelve blows with an iron rod breaking the joints of his arms, his shoulders, his hips, his legs."
Don't be silly. Of course you will.
Why the fuck would you do that?
You're strangling me.
We've got to get rid of that beast.
Better than being a fat ass Texan!
# Shoot your love all over me #
They think I'm some kind of a sucker. 2 million lira for a piece of broken wall... and some crushed grapes?
"Bruce never wanted to feel this way again, so he decided to study women the way a general studies the enemy and then use that knowledge to crush ass on a global scale."
"T.B. Might fit, but it's too slow-moving to kill her anytime soon."
Now I must destroy her.’
"I slap on one of those gow, I play tanya's ""big sister"" home from college to raise a little hell."
Give me dirty Crime Scene girl.
"Rule number one, don't bother sucking up."
"So that you all know what to expect, my partner Alan has draw a sketch of what having sex with a dead body might look like."
I like anything fast enough to do something stupid in.
Who gives a shit who wins!
Fucking simple.
"Shut up! Okay, hold him."
"Where is that ass, Coniston?"
"He'll blow it up, if it stops."
I think I can smell your hair all burning.
"They're gonna have their Pearl Harbor, use that gas to kill everybody."
"Darla Gaines, the pretty seventeen-year-old girl who brought the Sunday paper, had half an ounce of “bitchin reefer” between the mattress and box spring of her bed."
Can you be certain that it is not the princess who has been bewitched to believe that this ugly animal is a prince?
"'Damn, but you do make life interesting."
Poor bastard.
"He couldn't show her he loved her, so he put her corpse back where he killed it."
"What? He said, ""wow, these cookies really suck."""
The damnedest thing happened up there.
"Boy: Fucking suck! - Without your hard work... ...and dedication, our prom would not be possible."
I deserve a little more goddamn respect than I've been getting around here lately.
"And when I do, I'm gonna send you to prison."
"You give us Artie Bottolota, his son... your little buddy Rocco, and the rest of the Pleasant Avenue crew... and we won't start breaking your balls on a daily basis."
She kills herself with the sting of an asp.
"I'm in love with her, dammit."
I'm no damned psychiatrist.
"Because I'll tell you right now, brother, if you let this happen, you're gonna go down in history as America's greatest mass murderer."
"I kill, I--"
"Don't give me that, luke."
Len: What the hell you hollering about?
(LAUGHS) I should have shot you in the head a long time ago.
I just tend to lose my concentration when I've got a salad fork stuck in my rear end.
And then they shoot each other.
"All right, everyone pack up your crap, we're going to our basement!"
You're asking stupid questions like some little kid.
"I told people I didn't care... and then I... ..fucked five women in three days,flipped my car on an on-ramp,... ..beat a suspect unconscious,got suspended."
"The more I know of him, the more I hate him. $10 for this shit?"
Frickin' psycho.
He seemed to be almost totally unhinged.
"Bones, he was trying to kill us because we know his next target."
"Tongue, teeth, all sorts of stringy, bloody gunk sprayed everywhere."
You can move your big balls into Phil's old office right now.
Tell her to put some more dick in it!
"Sir., I think we are shooting on cops."
"Goddamn, it's hot."
"Let's just share memories, swap stories, talk about the damn weather, anything but torturing myself with the idea of hope."
"Hey, you looking to die, lady?"
"if you don't want it, get the fuck out of here."
You figure anybody who gives a crap about people in Africa must be full of it?
"Well, you either just did a piss-poor job explaining it to those people or you just recruited a bunch of psychopaths."
"Elbryan looked hard into Pony's eyes, then the both of them burst into a fit of laughter, as if the whole notion were perfectly ridiculous."
Great artist of the * idiot* people. Once told a singer
You're worth more dead than alive.
My cousin Timmy says you got more balls than anybody.
"""Sören H. Lindberg washing his vagina on Tiananmen Square""- by Ernst Billgren."
"Gosh, I'm being told it's time to shut up."
"Remember to use the balls of your feet,"
"Get the fuck off him, now!"
30 contestants... 24 hours... one rule-- kill or die.
Your arrogant attitudes are all same
I thought you were a bunch of nobodies.
J-Jenna has... a... dick.
I caught a glimpse of shoulder holster under the sport jacket and resisted an urge to kick Bert in the shins.
Christ. Hasn't she broken up with that loser yet?
She looks kind of shitty.
He's not gonna cut my throat.
Blueberry Kush will knock you on your ass.
"As in, every fucking time we were hanging out without him, he'd come smashing through a wall."
"Hey, kid, pretty fucked up, huh?"
You don't watch porn in a room full of dudes.
"sabine, I need you in the nose gun, now!"
I'm not stupid at all. So why did you kill the lawyer?
"A tranny who imitates Sara Montiel, among others."
"Maybe Night Bitch was right. Which means Dad was, too."
"For once in your life, will you shut up?"
Mama says it's 'cause he's a devil worshiper.
"Show up, keep up, shut up."
You tell Jay Cho the next time I see him I'm gonna rip his head off.
A lungful of her own vomit.
"Well, thank damn I'm here."
"Get up, you son of a bitch, cos Mickey loves ya."
I am not fucking around here!
We all look like hell.
"Well, now you got more days in jail than the rest of your fuckin' life and you can't even get one of them back to bury your fuckin' mother."
Question that's burning a hole in your little brain.
"I have put up with your bitching I've put up with your nagging And all your screaming, too"
"""Or is the floor on the shit?"" is what Kierkegaard would say."
I think you should shut your yaps.
But I have no idea who the hell that man is.
Bullshit. This wasn't about protecting me. This was about advancing you.
"Yeah, why don't you just take a stab in the dark?"
Should we kill him?
I've got to tell you Steve... for a guy whose life's falling apart... You've got your shit together.
"Sorry, is this a fucking feminist convention or something?"
A brave ltalian is a freak of nature.
But who gives a fuck?
I see now. Tom and Jerry here are gay lovers.
"And hell if know how I'll ever, ever be able to look Tara in the face again."
"As long as you go with me, Tex-Ass."
Me dad would go fucking crazy.
What the fuck are you doing here?
It hunted down and slaughtered all pagliaio thieves.
"I don't see anything wrong, you're crazy."
"Do y think if you, um, kiss the chief's ass enough by taking care of tapley, something magical's gonna happen?"
Tell him to shoot it to me.
Shall I put a curse on you?
Tony is still in love with Gay.
Your species is a vile aberration.
Put those men out.
The King of Siam is hellish.
"You're gonna start feeling guilty, start spiraling out of control... start stress eating,which sucks, because I'm gonna have to drive to the keys to get you those conch fritters that you love..."
"Respiration was already a little worrisome, too, partly because of the large dose of morphine he was getting to keep him unconscious or at least stuporous."
"Colin, some evil shit is going on."
"Attacking a human out of jealousy, murdering your mate..."
"You clear out of my home, or I'll burn her, and I'll burn her again!"
"I already kicked your ass now. You need to proceed to the nearest exit immediately."""
Whatever you did led Christine to kill herself.
You call this slop?
Fucking shame it's all gonna be for U-Turn.
"Hey, have you ever thought about just fucking giving up and just doing your time?"
Next time use your own damn phone.
Fancy executing his warriors if they got married!
I just wanted sex.
Don't screw me.
You're an old drunk zero.
Proof that there's a God out there that gives a crap about me personally?
What a loser.
"Don't thank me, just don't fucking die."
"You lay one hand on my kid, and I will cut it off."
I sure hope you catch that fella killed all those people.
"""I must get rid of these passengers."
"The only thing wounded is my vintage Dior, so unless you are a seamstress, Lieutenant, piss off."
I didn't give Sky permission to fuckin' graffiti.
What would happen if I mixed up this pile of crap with this shoes?
They'll burn and fall in front of you just like they did for your father.
"""Let it go,"" my ass!"
"He looked at her as though she were deaf, dumb, and blind."
"Shut the door, Khan."
"You probably think I'm a fool, but I always wanted to change my life."
You son of a..
"Shut up. Captain Jacks, Australia."
"If you define mental illness as anyone who hears a voice talking to them, then anyone who has heard the voice of God is crazy."
What the hell do I care?
Shut up! You attacked him.
"She just pulled me right out of the crowd, said ""just put the neck brace on."" Ugh. Shit."
That will be... the moment whenyou can at last destroy her.
So you be nice to me... or you'll be one sorry asshole come morning.
Try that shit on somebody who's already dead.
"I even wanted to challenge them to duels and kill them with my own hands if I couldn't have them tried."""
Do you only kill now in her name?
I've been Asian bitching Becca for months.
"God damn, Carl."
You're a little ridiculous in shorts.
"I told you to get your ass home, Jack . . . too late now."
"The people who try the crazy ideas often fail and then everybody likes to point their fingers and laugh and say, ""that was such a stupid idea."""
"Family witch doctor, of course."
I thought he was going to punch me one.
Daughter of a drunkard who bribed his way to the throne.
"Oh, darn. So, uh, you going to the bonfire?"
"We're gonna have customers up our ass, Sharon."
july 4th was the day they'd all get together in philadelphia and suck each other off.
Life's too short to stick around in this Bolshevik shithole.
I don't give a goddamn that travel was restricted.
"She hangs herself in her cell, this all goes away."
"If you try to come between me and my husband, I will take you down."
I bet this was that crazy fucking hillbilly.
"Have a drink, you pussy."
I don't give a crap about the computer.
Let's keep the smell of pigs out from where we're drinking.
Pick whom you'll kill.
Shall I shoot?
"You're the man now, dog."
I smashed his brains in.
Burned London to the ground.
"Seriously? Who would ever think of something so childish, yet brilliant, except a bunch of mean girls?"
"We would love to save your princess, but are looking for two royal geeks."
But how loving can God be when he makes man and woman smart enough... to land on the moon... but stupid enough to have to learn that there's no such thing as forever?
That was a dumb idea.
"Yeah, you bet your ass she did, and I'm glad she did."
He's not as dumb as he looks.
"The minute Jerry Lewis dies, every newspaper in this fuckin' country... is gonna be writin' articles callin' the man a genius."
"We're just having a bit of fun with this one, my lord. She's the king's whore."
You'll never prove intent. It's a loser.
"You're a horse's ass, but you mean well."
Get down! It takes a good marksman to shoot you at 50 feet from a moving car.
"Yeah, they're... they're a train wreck offstage, but, damn, they make good music when it counts. ♪"
Let's punch out this wall here.
"Next time you decide to take a bath, Private, let me know, or I'll kick your ass,"
"The prisoners that the man fell on cursed him and one of them, heavyset and built like a bulldog, chopped him viciously on the neck with the side of his hand."
So what... you here to kill me?
And why did you write that bloody article?
"You did ""our town,"" which was cool, But then you did that crappy musical."
"Lassie barks twice, and it's time to take out the garbage."
We've got to beat them down.
I'd be happy to have Logan's car crushed.
"Oh, I love it when you call me ""slut""!"
That's my tit.
We'll dump him in the ocean.
Hey! That's my shit!
"Even in the best of circumstances, they're no picnic, but now I've got Alice on my arse, like the emotion police."
Maybe if you had a job or a fucking prospect... ...or a clue how to get any of the above... ...I'd let you eat them.
"There was a poet in the prison, a convict, a weak-chinned, broad- browed degenerate poet."
"You've got balls, but no."
"Immigrants especially, no offense, always call home to wherever the fuck."
Siphoned the whole bloody tank.
What fuckin' light?
They're just slaves to it. I've beaten them down.
Shut up! - The one that you wish was a man?
"What, are you surprised I know shit?"
"I'm not exactly a brain, but I'm not an idiot either."
"Maybe this fool is such a bad motherfucker, he don't got to worry about nothin'. He just sit down, watch my motherfuckin' TV."
I hope that demonic little loon doesn't frighten him off.
"Oh, you're gonna die out there, Paddy!"
"It' called ""Smell your dick"", by Riskay."
This court is a fraud.
This van was filled with junk Shut up!
Looked like a fucking baby when he opened his mouth.
I'm an embarrassment to the criminal-justice system because it's easier to kill me now than to admit that they screwed up 15 years ago.
Throw it!
That gives me the option of electrocution or drowning.
What the hell you gonna do with it?
"Shake him off, then run him over!"
A Mark Xll or some shit.
"Eagles, for instance, were vermin."
We're gonna try this. I'm gonna need Moya's adrenal secretions pumping on my command.
"Well, save that amateur crap for your mom, perhaps with an aunt and uncle CC."
You fucking said you wouldn't tell.
"Do you give a shit about the Bureau, Stan?"
"Goddamn, it's hot."
"And if Bobbi dies, your idea of consideration may extend all the way to a quick and painless death."
I have better things to do tonight than kill.
The maid could be the bait murder.
"Let go of it, bitch!"
They were all garbage. None of them had a sheet less than a mile long.
I never thought I'd want to kiss a Yank.
You're lucky; you may yet live to be hanged.
"Goddamn it, General. This is your country."
I lent him my fucking car.
Will you fucking back off?
You need to lay off your mother.
"We self destruct like this because we'd rather be heroes than villains than just kind of sucky people, that need to work a lot at getting less sucky."
"Maybe it's ahead of its time, but it's a memory hog."
"If anyone would say such a thing, they would not be a friend, they would be a dog."
You watch your countrymen get beaten to death.
Just because she dresses like a lawyer... ... doesn't mean she didn't work her ass off in law school.
They're just playing mental games.
Gonna chop you up. Wake up.
Because smart and talented and beautiful got all hopped up on goofballs and had to be checked into rehab.
"""He killed my dog and left me ugly."""
I have de-Pacified all the babies and destroyed that horrible weapon forever.
You thought maybe I was gonna kill myself?
"Ah, crap, I can't feel my face."
I can do one damn thing by myself. I can make a fire.
He's our goddamn lawyer.
"I'm not a talking tree. But you know... ...a good friend once told me... ...just because people treat you like a villain, or an ogre... ...orjust some loser... ...doesn't mean you are one."
Your Majesty has inherited a most parlous and degenerate state.
What is this? Shit.
I'll get rid of them.
"So this guy gets a little pinch, and he starts screaming bloody murder."
His family was exterminated.
"It's tricky finding the right balance between ""tasteful modern"" and ""Jewish mother tchotchke crapfest."""
"I'm sorry, I'm not the kind of person who would ever have sex with you."
The last thing we need is some little sissy boy... ...hanging around all summer.
"Because of me, the woman I love more than life itself is going to die."
Knowing that their chances of survival were better apart the two brothers separated swearing that they would kill Governor Odious.
"Just another Zorin stooge, Mr whatever your name was."
But now that's not true anymore-- now you've had sex with twice as many people as I have.
Do not want to feel an idiot tomorrow.
On planet Bullshit!
The old shit liner is coming to port and I'll be there to tie her up.
Who is going to kill Christian Mason and how?
"And it's Sheriff Geraci to you, shitheel."
Big-ass fanny pack and this ponytail And his voice... I can still hear it.
"No, I didn't have sex with her."
"Charlie, I got to cut her. Move."
"Jesus, what the fuck are you thinking?"
"Julian can have it back, but I promised I'd fix it up and get a new door put on 'cause the door is fucked."
I don't give a fuck about your dough.
"Without protest, the Terrazi stumbled to the losers' bench."
It's a damn order!
"This was stupid, and I really shouldn't have called."
Let's say the bastard didn't do it.
If you're not scary what kind of a monster are you?
"Remember, they'll stab us with sodium pentothal?"
"Come on, get the fuck outta here, man."
That Indian.
"Live it... The reek, the garbage, the filthy alley walls, the faded cross there."
We will attack the enemy from within and drive them under your axe-blades.
Don't give me that shit.
"What, you don't think I can do this shit?"
"I am not ""shitting you""."
The fact that I've grown bored by your insanity is proof of nothing.
"Debra, you shut yourself inside these walls for the last six months, doing your damnedest to shut everything and everyone out."
"Sure, but Mussolini is a dead man."
"I... No, sorry. That was just my loser of a father!"
Eight fuckin' hours I've been here already.
My son is insane.
Get off me!
I have forgotten more than those fools at The Ministry ever knew!
wwe basshunter pamela anderson sex video hanah montana sexy girls sex scenes linkin park xxx power rangers mistic forse akon hentai 2girls1cup bb8 big brother enrique iglesias kama sutra nude orgasm amnesia ibiza jonas brothers
Bury his face and forget about the troubles of-
"The traitor Druids, in some form, waiting."
I'm down to the dregs on the white.
"If I didn't kill Karposev, he was going to keep me, like a pet."
"Dad already did the sex talk, mom."
"Hey, pig, I'm talkin' to you."
Look what he did to him He's a monster!
Lick it and see.
Do you think you'il be dead soon?
"I've had enough bad publicity in my life to know you don't give a fuck for my privacy."""
"That's not gonna get us plane tickets, let alone passports. Fuck."
It's hard to imagine that just a few hours ago it was the goddamn O.K. Corral in here.
Happens all the time. hank you.
He's Shut up.
"Whoever it was, he left his stink behind."
"""What the fuck's out there?"" he said."
"You moron, this is Peter Frampton's guitar."
The caPtain's getting some coffee. Then he's gonna kick your asses.
"Come on. Come on, hit me!"
I'm going to piss you guys.
"""You kill them?"""
"Who is it that uses these words but Greeks, And Jews and slaves."
All he had was that damn clock.
We'll see how those wacky kids like it in jail.
"My mother is dying all bent, and my father is a vegetable!"
Foul!
the contractions serve to suck the semen up through the cervix
Don't kill him off?
"Although we don't wish to look a gift whore in the mouth, Mr. Cod, why would you tell us everything you know?"
These guys are hammers.
"Oh, bOy, She played me like a punk-aSS bitch."
That's a freaking coincidence!
You the puta that killed my Lucy?
"But I'm feeling like we should hit this, and then I would love to get rid of this crappy fake wood."
"You will die,and then Greg and then Downey."
My mom asked me the same fuckin' thing.
"TBC? I'm a New Orleans musician, motherfucker."
Six feet under and half a face-- he's still screwing with us.
"But if you were my age, with a chance to win the Worid Championship in Paris... ... you would be just as big a fool as I am."
And anybody who doesn't respect that can keep his goddamn washing machine
Garbage.
These people are bad.
"D'Allessandro had never come across one of those before, but serial killers were seriously sick bastards, and you could never really predict the things they might do for personal amusement."
I'm dumping the garbage
"Man, that stinks."
Fiona slit my throat. You don't see me bitching out.
What the fuck happened?
I've given myself a whore's bath with your dog.
Like a chump bait.
"If I can pimp $20 ho's out the back of this fucked-up Chevy, I can pimp Skinny."
My son wouldn't even accept a damn birthday card from me.
"Not in the face, fuck!"
"The bully in high school, and he's a bully now."
Elves are so vain.
The one he was fucking.
I want some fucking pills ... and you're gonna close my file?
I used to carry a switchblade back at my high school on account of guys wanting to tear my ass.
We have put up with your Popish idolatry and even with your licentious worship of the Babylon Whore.
Sorry. - Fuck!
Why the fuck is it so dark down here?
Enzo Ferrari always said that people who bought his road cars were idiots.
Hah! So you can be the big fucking hero?
The amount of sugar inside that pie was ridiculous.
Otherwise my mistress will die.
"Word out in the world, Sergeant... Simmons's wife was fucking around."
"Shoot, sell my own products."
"And if I ever catch either one of you near one, knock you silly."
"Well, I certainly don't have to worry About your weak-ass jumper, do i?"
Stay with us as long as you damn please.
She can hang.
I keep seeing you and D’argo and Aeryn dieing horrible deaths.
Why don't you drive your own fucking car?
"No, shit, I hit something."
"You pulled my fuckin'-- - Hey, guys."
"""Culture First is the most pathetic."
"You do realize you're talking to a clinical psychiatrist, not some fucking witch doctor?"
"If you're right, one more burn and I'm gonna be dead."
"We work together, we tell jokes, we bullshit."
Behind him Oats was being sick.
I wonder if you'll end up trying to kill each other.
Fuck you! You think I won't?
"It ain't on you. Now, if you get jacked again, I don't want to hear shit about you writing nothing to no one."
Look at this shit.
That little mutant needs a father more than ever now. - Ow! - You dumb fuck.
God damn.
"We got time, shit!"
"Yeah, but that's a goddamn lie."
So you think that I'd be ass enough to hire somebody to do it while I'm in here?
I want you to put the fear of God into these savages... ...and find his ass.
I used to be a loser.
"Idiot, you still believe in Santa Claus?"
Can't see a damn thing.
A scumbag like me... then it'il protect all of you.
"Man, it's like training a freaking dog."
She killed herself... ...after her monster husbandgot killed.
"Well, not as nuts as the guy who chooses to live with him."
"The best goddamn drink in the world, isn't it?"
Yeah. He's a killer in the kitchen too.
You lack a mental eminence.
I can't believe I fucked that up.
Wanted different things. Office romances. Doomed before they fucking start.
"Lurch, I hope you're a better hangman than Uncle Fester was a marksman."
Execution of the perpetrator of an attack on the United Nations.
ln that hell box?
What the hell is that?
"Antoine, don't forget the garbage and turn your light off"
"Damn, y'all look like a nice cheery group."
"Now, look, maybe your method of massage differs from mine. But touchin' his wife's feet and sticking your tongue in the holiest of holies... ain't the same fuckin' ballpark; it ain't the same league; it ain't the same fuckin' sport."
It's not like I'm some kind of sex-crazed maniac or something.
They're rich or have attention deficit disorder.
Thank you for admitting it sucks.
"""Shut up."
"It was black and horrible, but that didn't matter because it was also tied up so that it couldn't be used."
"If anything strange goes down, you'il be the first one shot."
He's a great fucking guy.
"We were about to eat tofu pizza when you got a call and ran out the door like a bat out of hell, and here you are now looking like you've been dragged to hell and back."
I'm afraid it's damn low water with me.
They know how I know that are you gay?
Death to Maggie!
"Whew. Damn, man."
That's the sickest thing I've ever seen.
Fuck. For what?
Really disgusting.
Stupid babbling drunk.
He fucked so many girls And yet no one remembers
"The jokes were filthier than Mrs. Slocombe's pussy with no new projects on the horizon, Millman is fast becoming as out of date as his gags"
"""I'm a doctor, damn it, I don't need anyone to tell me if I'm sick or not."""
"I want your ass in bed, Zane."
It's because of sheep like you France will lose the empire.
"Wait, what guy hates getting blowjobs?"
Life is nothin' but a fat rat race
"The worse the insults, however, the more the hideous Beldin smiled."
"We thank you for the container of sap, and the bag of garbage."
"You think you're a hot-shit, ex-rill-hopping, burned-down-club-owning guy... ...but once in a while,listen to your mother."
Yeah. He was insane about you.
'Cause who would think I stole a fucking yellow car'!
"If someone says it's a lost cause, I'm the first sucker in line. Uh-huh."
All I do is mix sperm and ova into petri dishes all day.
"You get the hell away from me, Cheryl Cox-Tiegs!"
"You had it all on a plate. But no, you had to play silly buggers with the car."
What the hell do you think you are doing?
You want to see the damn sonogram?
"Demons are not so difficult to raise, and Nahaz is not the only Demon Lord in Hell."
Don't fucking know me.
Your wife does not feel well at the sight of your man about to be slaughtered.
And he's got balls!
"You know, I was in the field for 15 years. I've seen a lot of shit."
Or maybe 'cause you're still fucking Harold.
How the hell do you get out of here?
"Without mercy, man is like a beast."
"Pathetic attempts to go it alone have not made Europe stronger, and anti-Americanism harms Europe more than the US."
"Tell her she won some shit, and then there's no shit."
Mr. Fat Man.
"With such a pathetic child, what reason was there to love?"
"You haven't got a phobie de dick, have you?"
"Sergeant, get that asshole O'Neill up here."
if you didn't lose your fuckin' shoe!
A pat on the head or a knife across the throat ?
"Oh, he was goofy, like his mom."
An expression of possessed cunning appeared on the hideous face.
Still doing Taylor's dirty work.
Why the hell did you do that?!
"Look, I know in retrospect, it sounds kind of stupid."
Doesn't it make you crazy?
Now we're getting relationship advice from a pedophile.
Wanting to kiss her turns her into your... kryptonite.
But Gay is no spaceship; I don't have instruments.
Figs need special care.
As the impotence of those days faded into memory... ...grim desperationtook a hold in his sex-crazed mind.
That why you wanna die?
Can you go in the final fucking moments and change the will?
"Also, McCabe is very sharp. He likes to fuck with you."
You saying there ain't enough to go around? Fuck no.
"Oh, I fuckin' like that. - All right."
"And yes, it is too slutty!"
You think you're so damn superior.
"I know all of Ty's buddies and I haven't heard about you, so how about we cut the crap?"
Got ready to drown this puppy… but it didn't seem right to kill it… just because my dad said so.
"And stay the hell away from us, I mean it."
You should have smoked him as soon as he fired.
I've always chosen the popular and charismatic gays and they've always left me.
You probably pissed her off over something stupid.
"How'd that thing get away from us, Russ ? Damn it, how'd it get away ?"
We had sex before I knew how I felt.
Tonight... ...is the orgasm.
"If you come at me, I will tear out Captain Marsh's throat before you are within five feet."
Only expose your back to a corpse!
Well you can do it or not but if you don't everybody in Austin's gonna think you're a chickenshit.
You act like you've never seen a pretty fat girl before.
"Be an assassin, like your uncle Gustav, she said."
Obviously you're telling the truth... for why would you invent such a ridiculous story?
"Let's clean up some of this crap off the floor, clothes in the basket, toys on the shelf or under the bed."
And is to be executed in nine or ten weeks.
"Lara, stop this shit, please!"
How the hell did he get up there?
'cause Brother Jay wants you all clear-minded so's we can slaughter you up proper.
"""What a stupid waste,"" Blackthorne said, through his teeth."
I'm gonna ride your ass like Zorro till you show me the money.
"I mean, l-I can't believe I actually thought that you could kill someone."
"Be grateful you aren't dependent on your brain to feed your belly, Goch!"""
"Well, what the hell did Louis do to get in line?"
"And you can bet your ass that belongs to him, too."
And she called him a drunkyard!
"Big Time Willie told motherfuckers... they be fucking with the J, they're going to wake up dead in the Atlantic Ocean."
You can hit me all you want.
You act like we fucking abandoned him.'
"I'm having tons of sex, I never have to eat dinner alone, and best of all, I don't have to talk about anything."
"With a night of meaningless, impersonal group sex?"
'cause I'm hungry and I'm sick of eating all of her healthy twigs and cat food shit.
"You pervert, get your hands off me"
He murders people.
"Get the fuck off him, now!"
"Bush, so he looked shifty and inauthentic, changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again."
I won't be safe until Sanchez is dead.
Be careful! Don't kill him.
Harram to show a muslim indecent gestures
Not here. Fuck you.
"Knock her out, man!"
I think he's gonna take all the crap.
"What the hell, Jeremy?"
"Leave my boy alone, you dirty heathens!"
"I give you both a lot of rope, and I would hate to see you hang yourselves."
"Alphonse, he's dead as hell."
You bashed the guy's head in.
"All right, boys, let's wet this baby's head."
You were closer to kissing her than killing her.
"Tarquin Fin- tim- lim- bim- whin- bim- lim- bus- stop- F'tang- F'tang- Olè- Biscuitbarrel, Silly Party, and Kevin Phillips-Bong, the Slightly Silly candidate."
Beat the shit out of my little sister while I was five feet away... fucking blasted out of my mind.
"""I hope you're happy now that I'm goddam dead!"""
I don't give a damn as long as we get rid of him.
He has his whole fucking life to sleep.
He's a Yank.
You'll get another innocent man killed!
What the hell are you doing picking up my phone?
"""There is absolutely no comfortable way to sit on this damned, dinky animal."""
Bullshit. You haven't got him.
We don't have to go to Vietnam to find reasons to kill ourselves.
Landis had discovered the true Tomb of the Damned.
"Shit, I just fell asleep."
"Well, what'd you do, raise a goddamn flag every time you stopped for lunch?"
"When I arranged for the fatal overdose of the true victor at Sydney... I won myself my very own Ml6 agent... using everything at my disposal: Her brains, her talent... even her sex."
"But, for you, it sucks."
Throw him in the pit.
The guy was going to die anyway.
"The boy will stand at the table, and you can see to the pigs!'"
Hurt her bad.
Your dog has done a shit in my car!
You're gonna be eating prison loaf when I drag you to Seg by that purple pelt on your head.
"Shut up, Vivian!"
I'm sure it kills him to be around you.
Shut up.
It's hard goddamn work being this good.
Y'all ready for some shit?
"I don't need the whole world thinking I'm a lunatic, Vincent."
Seek salvation in the Lord. (woman) Idiot.
I catch her in our own backyard fucking some guy.
"Damn, it's starting to piss me off."
The rules sayl have to ground anyone who 's crazy.
"I won myself my very own Ml6 agent, using everything at my disposal - her brains, her talent, even her sex."
They're relentless killers.
"With guns, shoot us?"
"Well, I give you one week with those weirdos."
"I mean, it's like you want everybody to think independently, but you want everyone to fucking agree with you."
He'll skin me alive.
"And their only response to that kind of danger is to kill, to take the life that God Himself gives to each of us, because in denying God, they can also deny life, and you know, those pagans, those unbelievers, those killers love to have that kind of power."
"The recollection of those stupid faces, all grinning."
I just saw you fuckin' serve those guys over there.
That goddamn pearl earring.
"Oh, and bring me my damn safe back."
"Well, my boy ... you're a hero. - Fuck you."
Shit. It's them.
"His legs are strong, Mrs. Gump, as strong as I've ever seen, but his back is as crooked as a politician."
"Otherwise, I'll turn around... ...and give this smidge of pot back to Chacon, along with your fucking address."
"""Rio-Roar"". It's fucking cool."
Stop playing the psycho!'
It's like kicking a kitten in the bollocks.
Because you are an arrogant fool! You are deaf and blind to the needs of the people you profess to serve and protect.
"The Dark One murdered the woman I love, and I intend to make him suffer for it."
Don't act stupid.
To this day I have in my house a video tape with Sean wanking.
And this-this place smells worse than all.
This is amazing shit you got going with them kids.
But I can't... 'cause I've got to kill.
"Damn it, I ought to be the one who raises him."
"Because I lived there for 15 years, and nothing bad ever happened to... damn it! Oh, here."
I'm busting my butt to lose weight
Heller got shot and killed.
Children get to a certain age and they think it's hilarious to kick Santa in the shins.
"Now she looked and acted like a refugee, a no-age warhag fleeing some ugly desert bloodbath."
"Hey, what do you think you're doin', you old nut?"
Shut up for a second!
"Larry, I'm just fuckin' scared, man."
Hide the damn nuts!
I couldn't work out if you were... pretending to be the type of boy who didn't suck many cocks or you... you actually were that type of boy.
The first rule of project mayhem... - Shut up!
"Now's not the time for this shit, Scotty."
I was gonna tell Dotcom I loved his novel as an April fool's joke.
"Yeah, or maybe it's just a giant, killer suckhole."
You know it's a good thing you pulled me off that bum.
The problem was that Arkansas City didn't provide a high-school education for blacks.
I'm sick of you! I'm not the one runnin' up in karaoke bars full of gangsters.
I can't read a goddamn thing without my glasses.
"You're a traitor, too. aren't you, farm boy?"
"One of these days, my decapitated head is going to be found bleeding on a pavement."
"Not little shit like this. Come on now I told you, I don't even know nobody named Maria."
I'll hurt you!
"""I don't think you're going to last very long, Hell."""
What the fuck?!
"Uh, Captain Tom turned out to be a goddamn junkie! Hang on."
"You know I can't do that, I'll be in deep shit if I show you."
"Face Dancers are mules, sterile and submissive to the Masters."""
Why not make machines that suck eight titties?
"Oh, what the hell."
"""And now,"" Fernandez said, ""let's go cut Ms. Johnson to shreds."""
Ass... what?
And I bet you've got a pair of ass-less chaps in the back of your wardrobe somewhere.
She did give me a ride when I got my boobs done. 'cause she had the hots for your doctor.
Give me a fucking break!
The sun has fried his brain !
"Well, that'll work if your blacks aren't new."
Get these corpses buried.
"Oh, my God! Chris was right! - Holy crap!"
"It was all hotdog shit, in Leon’s, weekenders with cheap decks who watched Japanese icebreaker kinos."
Which one should I shoot first?
You get all these pigs out of here... ...and get a car waiting for me out front.
"I was no historian, but I knew enough to see the obvious problem with what was becoming a ridiculous theory."
Who's obviously not going anywhere with a bloody rectum.
"Every time you walk past this place, you shit in your pants"
"It's always just when you think you got it figured out, when, bingo, something comes along and knocks you right on your ass."
She seems sick.
You're touched in the head.
It's the worst animal I've ever heard.
"He said that if brains were black powder, she wouldn't be able to blow her nose without a blasting cap."
"As soon as he took over, he doubled the fuckin' drop."
"You know, I bet when you and your partner's out on the trail, when you ain't greasin' poles and choosing who's going to be rider, Oh, I bet you and him just bust each other's guts with your little fucking funnies."
Shut up. All they care about is their own kind.
I gotta get to L.A. I don't have time for this shit.
Read him his rights and dump him in the cells.
"Susan, we had sex three times today."
Even when I was at the top of your ‘Bitch List’?
She raised hell every day of her life.
Men like you are the reason that I'm leaving this town.
You will die.
Your fucking Valentine's hearts.
You're not even fucking Jewish.
"'Course, with this kind of edge, you oughta be able to sharp some poor sucker pretty damned well."""
"Drown the Giant Warrior deep in Acid Lake, and return to your country. . ."
"I won't drink slop."""
Demons are the devil's foot soldiers... ...often operating in groups much like a squadron... ...infesting their victims.
"Look, you're a public figure, and believe it or not, the dumb things you say may influence or hurt people."
You kill a doctor to cover your tracks?
You get the fuck out of this house.
Or you will have two worthless legs. And nothing in between to prop yourself up.
"Faced with a threat to your existence from such as they, you should simply kill them, not pass judgment on them!"
That's just how that shit went on TV!
Wine used to go to my head and make me gay... ...and now it goes to my legs and makes me old.
"Silly, ain't it?"
I'm never playing your stupid games again.
Tommy's not stupid. He's evil.
"You crazy? Man, you should have took a sick day, come over to my place."
You better get yourselves a damn good lawyer.
Deaf women can't be gold diggers?
The ignorant fanatics of Europe's Middle Ages had defeated the incomparably higher Islamic culture; Archimedes had been struck down by a common soldier; barbarians had sacked Rome.
I should have never started feeding the goddamn elves.
"I screwed that girl Sophia to kind of spite you for having a hold on me and I'm a total fucking coward, because... I got... ...these... these tickets to Goa for us three months ago... ...but I... I couldn't stand..."
"Dude, I've been mooching off you for years, and it was never a problem until she showed up. Dump her."
"Seriously, get your shit together."
"If you hate it, we'll throw it in the trash."
I shot him!
John Clay'd piss on us from heaven if we turned back now.
"No shit! I live in Dover, lnere, Jersey."
"Aww. You know, we should all go give her a hug And thank her for saving our butts."
Then maybe I'll overlook this pathetic little cry for help.
I can't believe you came up with a bullshit plan... that almost got me killed.
Just answer the fucking question.
They turned around and they started a fucking riot.
I forbid you to go out with those two poofs!
Holy crap!
Joey? Holy shit.
"(SPLUTTERS) Jesus, you're spitting on my shrimp, you asshole."
What the hell took you so long?
Shit. I got to head down to Long Beach before rush hour.
You're shitting me.
Killing and freezing people is your job?
"Shoot, if you're not back in 10 minutes, I'm calling an air strike."
So. uh... when's my ?ight back to L.A.? Shut up about Los Angeles.
"Darn, I don't know his name."
Let's just get the fuck outta here.
"Get a phone, call the cops, National Guard, townies anybody who kicks ass and get 'em out here."
You just hit it on the head.
"Silly old Lois, 'Our Lois,"" as Bill always says ... don't look so surprised, Ralph!"
"Oh, sweetie, is the middle of the damn night."
"Guards, let him go."
Just cos you read the same books as him? It doesn't mean shit!
He tried to stick us both in a cage... ...with the same goddamn animals we fight every day.
"I mean, we'd talk about stuff. Art, love, you know, life shit."
"I don'tjust kill 'em, you know."
"""Damned if I know how."
"You're a dirty cop, you're a prissy maid and I am your filthy cabana boy in need of much punishment and cleaning."
Get the fuck off me!
Look at me when I'm fuckign talking to you!
"Hash-tag ""kiss my ass Fermitas""?"
"Well, I hope you know that I'm gonna kick such royal ass... ...that you'll be begging me to accept equal partnership by Christmas."
"Who the fuck are you, Niebaum?"
"One day you wake up, you own the whole goddamn country."
A kid died out there on the street tonight... so that you can fucking celebrate.
Burning a hole in your bleeding heart?
And the people of Dor lived side by side with their rats.
Tracy before that... she was... she was a sex kitten.
"Fucking tell them you made a mistake, then!"
"Oh, you have the damnedest gaps in your vocabulary."
"That, um, I can't go on Facebook anymore because it's nothing but happy couples gloating about their perfect little babies in those tiny socks that look like goddamn sneakers?"
"Because in the end the bishop freed Gherardo and received him at his own table, and laughed at his japes, and kept him as his buffoon.”"
Your head is much too big for a veil.
"I just bet them $500 apiece... ...that I could piss on your bar... ...your floor, your phone, and piss on you... ...and not only would you not be mad about it... ...you'd be happy."""
She was already dead to me when she left the family for that scum.
You're crazy. How often have you done it?
Psychic.
"That's a fucking joke, right?"
That's pretty bad-ass.
Best excuse in the world for fucking up.
This is my body that you will be sacrificed.
Joey gets decapitated.
Get your ass in the car.
She's never gonna whisper in my fucking ear ever again!
Metaphors and shit.
"Just get your ass in the house, Reggie."
There's tons of chicks that would be crazy about you.
Remove this one human and the mri are disorganized.”
Right fuckin' here.
"Tommy, I'm your babysitter. You're crazy."
You think I'm proud to come from a fucking powdered wig wooden teeth motherfucker?
"And whoever this Darkness is, the pagans fear him enough to terrorize and slaughter my people."
I just.I thought you'd kick me ouT.
I don't want to kill no more.
"Well, you can see what it is. It's tits."
Hits me with a left hook.
You did this to protect your ass because you faked my pictures?
Pretty soon you got rat shit in your rice balls.
We could just decide to stop feeding your ass.
"You come to my house, you try to press me in front of my kids, my wife... ...it's a fucking mistake."
"If we are not killed by youthful stupidity or ill-luck, then it is our fate to live on like the trees; older and older until at last we totter and fall."
You learn a lot of useless bullshit waiting to take off.
"Those truck drivers come there to eat your greasy burgers and... ...they kid you and you kid them backbut they're stupid and dumb boys... ...with their big old tattoos,and you don't like it."
"She likes weird tea, like rooibos and oolong and all that bullshit, okay?"
"You know you gonna die, right?"
Those guys are so gross.
You got my number if you need to drop another beating on me.
"Now, shall we see if I can kill two hearts with one blow...?"
"What the fuck would they bomb a southern town for, huh?"
How about a life that doesn't involve our kids... drawing or painting the sick details of some horrific tragedy ... or working out their deep-seated anxieties by doing bizarre shit in the middle of the night.
He politely but relentlessly pointed out to everyone present at every interview — including stenographers and nurses — that anyone who leaked the admittedly sensational details of the case would face all the nasty reprisals a large New England law-firm with an exceedingly tight ass could think up.
It's his boner phone!
Bush was a disaster.
"Well, it's really pretty simple. If Audrey loves you when she kills you, Troubles end, right?"
"Hey, when have I been uncomfortable with you being gay?"
"Winifred Burkle is a monster... ...a siren, hoping to lure youaway from Jasmine... ...and onto the rocksof heresy and destruction."
But my sister-- -Doesn't have a computer in her noggin.
I didn't kill her. You did.
The goddamn bust of the year... ...and your partner's got you as mixed up as he is.
"You're fucking weird, you know that?"
"Your belly's so fat, you make John Candy look like Lara Flynn Boyle."
Shut up for a second!
"Well you make one damn fine cup of coffee, sir."
I wouldn't mind another shot.
The police have been a pain in the ass lately.
To the one who refuses a traveler food and shelter - DEATH!
Can we watch some porn?
"Marina, fucking come back!"
"I couldn't see them, they were dirty old jungle dogs, but the horse was white as snow and immense and almost phosphorescent and easy to see."
The dog's driving me fucking mad.
"Fucking hell, Tommy."
I'll stab him.
That's fucking great!
"No, I still haven't shit my pants."
I've always wanted to be a goon!
I'm back in the damn game.
He might die.
"Get inside, hit him hard, get out fast."
"I'm not up to anything, you redheaded ice cube."
It was because his dick... ...was longer than the barrelon his Walker Colt.
"If they catch you, they'll put your head on a spike just like my father's."
Who gives a shit?
Do you know how tired I am of bringing all this shit to you?
"We were here first, asshole!"
Am I going to have to call Doctor Jacoby every damn time I have a problem with Johnny?
"Oh, thank you, you two, for blowing my brains."
"If either of you try to follow me, you'll get blasted!"
"Look, I know you're as dumb as a bag of wet hair, but you know in your heart she's lying."
"You're gonna go up there and you're gonna get yourself killed, that's all you're gonna do, is get yourself killed!"
"Oh, and where'd your lesbian friend go?"
Why don't you stop by for a steak and a blow job?
I don't owe you anything. Scum!
Am I suppose to know where they keep the fuckin' trash?
You've brought shit on me since you pulled off from the final.
But I wanted he died!
"Stop it, dammit!"
"""All the world must prepare!"" the fat man retorted, throwing his arms out wide, inviting the people to join."
"miss you're daughter is sick too, and nobody argues with you..."
I-- I think he might have killed somebody.
"When I looked into that mirror, I knew I'd always be ugly."
Insert bullets in each cell.
What am I gonna do with all this garbage?
You're not goingto fuck this up for me.
Half a million's just chump change.
"You're not gonna turn into a wanker, are you?"
Need me to drug you? Or shave your eyebrows - to numb you into submission?
If we had a phone and plumbing like normal Americans... ...you'd think it was pretty pathetic.
Your skull will explode.
Who the fuck is Marvin Hamlisch?
"""That was a foolish thing, Usul, inviting that creature into these chambers,"" Stilgar said."
"Well, in a few moments, I'll put on my Versace overcoat get into my Mercedes, drive to my Fifth Avenue apartment and squeeze my girlfriend's big, fake boobs."
"I tell them if they don't stop bothering me I'll break their arm."""
"Get in your limousine. Go down to the bowery, get with the other fucking drunks where you belong !"
But my flaming gay son loves show choir. Ah.
And then there was this fucking geyser.
Burn me a DVD.
"Osaka will cause your death, my faithful vassal!'"
Do you mean to tell me that you'd let Dom stay buried out there for a century... ...as a damn fossil for some post-historic nerd to find?
"Damn it, I brought the wrong passport."
"No offense, but your pal Finley, all he gives a crap about is making money."
Wh--? the frickin' brake was on?
"You're gonna have to stop somewhere, sometime, and when you do I'm gonna be there to put the wrath of the Lord up your ass."
Crackheads robbed the Korean store so many times... poor guy went crazy.
You get kisses from my bitch roxie in the ally behind sizzler!
"Fuckers know about me, they gotta know about her."
You gotta be shitting me xxx?
"Most morks are selfish introverts masquerading as rugged individualists-they want the world to see them as Dan'l Boone types-and the Algul staff loves it, believe me."
"Fine, we'll commit your felony."
I think Oriental sex is a natural.
What the fuck?
"Well, then you should have done better in your damn audition."
"Mom, sit down, and you shut up too!"
You could die.
And a wee girl saw the whole fucking thing.
"I want it long, straight, curly, fuzzy Snaggy, shaggy, ratty, matty oily, greasy, fleecy"
Rib ends stuck out of a hole torn in the Negro's back.
But we'll only hang one.
"Tiko, what the fuck, man?"
"And you can shut your mouth, okay, Jack ""Lame""!"
I didn't read your poker face. You left the containers in the garbage.
"White women call this ""the silent treatment. """
"They don't have the explosives, or even the damn tanks."
"Ax, get out of here before you crap your pants."
You don't know a goddamn thing about nothin'!
"Are you fucking serious, Rebecca?"
"They killed her to hide it, to hide what they'd done, and then they set out to kill the rest."
"I mean, what do you even see in that loser?"
The guy smelled like an ashtray.
I don’t wanna sleep with you...
Aspirated on his own vomit.
Y... you're having sex with my wife?
Together: Rock cock collection.
"Oh, you want some clown business, do you, greaseball?"
You should get out right now! Shithead!
"""Busted!"" ejaculated Anson, with a curse, as he slammed down his cards."
"Say he's caught, and you can bet your elegant ass the order will be to take him alive."
"Oh, come on, you're shitting me?"
"A joyous satyr, in reality the devil... in the act of tempting an intoxicated Adam... otherwise known as the ""Bacchus""."
Who the fuck's mom are you?
"""Sacrifice them on the altars of science,"", he said."
Don't freaking talk to me about my eyes getting dry or not!
"It's a hidden camera show, not the fucking National Theatre."
At least Judy cared enough about him not to give him a disease while she was screwing around.
The woman treated worse than a dog
I want to interrogate them.
"Earned an absolute fucking fortune supplying breakaway paramilitary groups, you know, with small firearms, light weaponry."
You scared the shit outta me.
That cuckold!
"Then you went to the pool and accidentally met the moron, who was complaining that she was 35 kilos overweight."
I'm touching your leg and entering. Easy.
What the fuck are you doing to her?
"Listen, if I don't bring you in, the devil will kill me. I'm sorry. It's my job."
You should piss off now! Just saying.
Killed by a detonator implanted in her skull through the nasal cavity.
You just gonna fuck it up?
"Now, you wanna stuff her body cavity."
Then I will do my damnedest not to shoot him.
Would you ask your lady whores to wear a wig to bed?
I could eat brains and it wouldn't be so bad to me.
"Knowing me by now, the reader can easily imagine how dusty and hot I got, trying to catch a glimpse of nymphets (alas, always remote) playing in Central Park, and how repulsed I was by the glitter of deodorized career girls that a gay dog in one of the offices kept unloading upon me."
"If this is about old man Bacala, I don't wanna fucking hear it."
I think he just shit himself.
"Now, get the hell off my porch and take your boys with you."
The Jesuit then replied in Attic Greek to make damned sure the Americans wouldn’t get it.
"In a few seconds, this brutal caveman would be in his face."
"If they have a good personality and they're not great looking, then who fucking cares ?"
My dad is out of his mind.
"What? So, have fun burning the ""silly little trinket"" on your own."
"Intent, it's not crap."
"If I want, I'll fucking take it away."
Killed Fat Rick dead.
Roman Centurions used to attach their capes to their nipple piercings.
"What pleasure, to be climbed all over by an ugly, twisted shrimp—to be stared at in public, in a world where native custom and imported medicine combined ruthlessly to eliminate even the mildest physical deformity— doubly stared at, because of their ludicrous contrast?"
"Gerald, what the hell is going on?"
Who is that fucking cow anyway?
"""It is better that we die together, then,"" said Clayton."
"""Either there's a misunderstanding, you are insolent as hell."""
"At worst, pathetic."
"What do you mean, forget it? Are you crazy?"
He's in a fucking cover band.
"Anyone who's not going, you're dead to me."
People do that shit.
It is if you ain't got a fucking hand.
"I'd have to be the most clueless, insensitive, uncaring..."
You're no fucking cop.
"Come to Daddy, its fucking time!"
I'll fucking tell you whatever you wanna fucking hear!
How'd you get the name Motherfucker?
"But Hughes was mad as birds, apparently, and old Ashpool as well, and his daughter totally bizarre."
How much you fucking getting paid?
You don't know what love is! Fuck you!
But then put your tongue inside his mouth and move it in circles.
"Bill, he's urinating!"
"If he would've just killed me, none of those other girls would be dead."
I've only fucked Jean.
"Since they're your publisher, I was hoping you could get the book killed."
"""However, Doctor, I refuse to be your Judas goat."""
I'm a high-functioning sociopath.
You're having sex with Toby?
"We had to kill the survivors, the women... ...as well as all the children."
"Abused, unwanted, inconvenient women."
You're probably the only man in New York without herpes.
"Joey's a funny fucking guy, huh?"
"Well, besides the raging hangover, the free-for-all death match coming up, and the shit taste I can't get out of my mouth,"
"Cooper or that fuzzy nurse came into your ER after dry walling their basement, you would have thought they were bums."
"It's not all about you, Mare; no matter what shit you've been rolling in, the world still doesn't revolve just around you, so why don't you just lighten up a little?"
Denmark being one o' the worst.
"Okay, currently in our party, me, Dr. Rick Marshall, doctoral candidate Holly Cantrell, and some trashy trailer park reject who smells of malt liquor and feet."
"A healthy organism lives and acts, only a sick one thinks. - Uselessness - that's another typical male feature."
We call it the Mofo Dojo. Hit me hard !
"Kill him! 2 Okay, all right!"
"If I start to fuck up, you tell me and I'll stop!"
Nobody ever suspects a clown.
Why'd you kill them!
"Gary, my friend, no bugger robs pipes in the buff."
Such is the fate of thinking men brave enough to tell the truth about the conspiracy of international Jewish bankers and international Jewish Communists who will not rest until the bloodstream of every American is hopelessly polluted with Negro and/or Oriental blood.
"When the one with the rifle gets killed, the one who is following... picks up the rifle and shoots!"
It must have seemed like a fool's fever dream back when the comet was nothing but a huge lump of ice and rock floating out beyond Hadrian's orbit.
"I just said that 'cause I was angry, and I was shitfaced."
So you still think he's Captain Incompetent?
Almost fucking crushed my head.
How's killing Udre Belicoff gonna help you?
I deserve to be kicked from here to Charing Cross.
"You're fucking joking, right?"
Some lunatic came after me with a car this morning.
Monkey!
"Yes, damn it."
"You know,after that raider scanned me with that red light, damn thing just cut and ran. they all did."
"I think you're the most insidious, despicable force... in entertainment today."
"So, yeah, it should scare the frak out of you."
Maybe in an amateur contest with a braying jackass... you might stand a chance.
Don't say a fucking word.
Are you dumb or something?
Everyone's gonna die.
So who are you fucking working for?
"You know damn well what she gave me, don't try to be funny."
"“They're not my people, Dick."
You thinkyou can go around me and peddle your ass in this part of town?
"Oh, here comes an avalanche of bullshit."
He came at me like he was crazy.
"Then, before returning to Doctor Bessner to report its loss, you could have used it to kill Madame Doyle."
This is fag and New Yorker.
We need you for the shot. -
"I knew it, a fag."
"We're in shit moods, and we're not gonna get anything done here today."
I can smell horny across an ocean.
"Miss eco-pussy is going down, today."
"God, you're fucking awesome."
"Zangen couldn't stand Dietricht; the man - although no man - was a disgrace, his life-style an insult to German industry."
Stop them from selling any more of this trash.
You're acting like you're one of those thugs! So you're the Big Brother now?
"Man, is you crazy?"
"I mean, God damn, honey, you can't get out of your own skin no matter what it is."
You're not winning any nice lesbian awards this year.
And you're going to get your shit together...
We'll never get rid of the damn thing now.
Cold makes it hurt like a bastard.
"Sooner or later, they all fuck up."
I didn't know that in Peru you measured a man balls in soles
Some schmuck gives my number instead.
"He may be a walking factory, but he is no wuss."
"Yeah, he's the freak who lived here before you."
I don't fucking believe it.
They don't know who they're fucking with!!
He'il be sick.
I have someone killed.
"Come back here, Rutledge, you son of a..."
It's the perfect talent for a wimp like Eriks!
Shut up. I love you.
It stinks to heaven.
Go to hell!
"There ain't hardly cats enough, There's garbage and that's enough, So waltz me around again, Russky!"
"Oh, I wouldn't fuck with you."
You two hogs can pile the dishes in the sink while I'm gone.
"Go ahead, bitch. Say something funny."
I hope he's got a photo because I don't have any fucking film.
"If this creep shows up, I'll bitch-slap him."
I will avenge Lord Zhuge's life for all of you!
And as much shit I talk about him... I love him.
Is them his brains?
You were fucked.
"There are still lots of small arms floating around, but Marcel's managed to confiscate all their heavy weapons—we hope!—and they understand what a kinetic interdiction strike would do to anyone stupid enough to come out in the open."
"Because neither Romi nor Victoria have the... the kind of dominant character that Sara has, and I don't think she's as tolerant for bullshit."
"You gonna cry, titty baby?"
We need to cool this kid down before her brain melts.
You grab that scared little loser inside you... and beat the living crap out of him!
Let me be miserable.
What the hell are you doing?
I know it's been hard working under a thug with no sense of duty.
He's gonna slam us into a wall.
Thank you very fucking much.
"""I like kissing this and that of you"
Everything you touch turns to shit.
Look at your mother's legs.
We will be a family if it kills us.
"""and he doesn't know how to spell 'sucks.'"
Till they beat him.
Killed each other.
"If you don't know the answer, why the hell do you bother even opening your mouth?"
She even looks like a monster.
"Well, you didn't tell me she was black."
"'Princess!' the hog shouted tearfully, galloping along with his rider."
Any image that appears on your far right will only be seen by your left brain.
"""Scoundrel!"" exclaimed Benito, who drew his manchetta from his belt and put himself in position."
And now the damn things have killed him.
God is showing you the agonies of the damned.
It is black turn again.
I'll give you anything. I want you off my ship.
"Yeah, it's always shocking when a girl blows you."
"I... baby, I give a rat's ass you're rich or you can keep me."
"We're gonna throw Raylan off that scent, give him a damn good reason to stand down."
Did you fuck her yet?
This is my shit!
"Look I'll do the best I can, but I don't promise... Fuck him."
Shit. Where they coming from?
So how come this freaking thing ain't moving yet?
Your daddy rollin over in his goddamn grave right now.
Somebody that looks into your eyes and loves that you're ridiculous and loves that you're silly and messy and all of the wonderful things about you.
"There's nothing more rotten than pretending to be something you're not, Boubier."
"Devious, murderous, charming, even amusing; but he is as sane as any man."
Don't just fucking stand there!
Move that worthless piece of tin!
"Those are problems of the black community the Hispanic community, the Asian community."
"Don't touch it. What the hell is wrong with you, adam?"
"I mean, he gets paid by people to fuck guys up. You know."
"They say, ""Juan, er... all the big bulls, they are sick."""
He's the one with the damn gun.
I don't need this shit.
"Even this wuss has her limits, and you have reached them."
"'Waste not, want not,' Liz said — it was another of her favorites, right up there with the fool and his money soon parted."
One fine-ass motherfucker with pretty new eyelashes.
Like... - When we're having sex at your place... - Mm-hmm.
"Even when social services took me away from that bitch and put me somewhere new, I kept waiting."
"Goddamn, it feels good to have money."
Lex would have dissected my brain by now.
like chucking a German off a tall building.
"I am Charlie's agent, nitwit."
He's a biter.
The Sartan looked as white if he'd just taken a spear through the heart.
what did you call her? - bitch.
"And that... you don't fuck around with your friends, you know what I'm saying?"
Tell the pigs and Ric-Ric's crew I left him in a ditch.
"Oh, that madman So were you and Hazama very close friends?"
Steele decided his only hope lay in playing dead.
Damn!!!
Might have killed my son himself.
Stick your fingers in a fucking socket?
"Give us a drink, you idiot."
"Please fuckin’ tell me that Frankie did not fuckin’ die in that, Fergus."
"I don't give a damn, I said no."
We gotta get out of here or we're all gonna die.
"Get off me, man."
You fucking What's your problem?
"Proctor's got his fingers in everything around here-- prostitution, drugs, extortion."
"Are you a masochist, coming here looking for more punishment?"
I fucking doubt it.
"I have to live without trans fat, so be it."
She liked you even though you were broke-dick.
"Hendrickje, will you please get rid of these people?"
"Someone says, ""Look, I fucked up at this"" or, ""I'm trying to do this."""
Pull the trigger and you will end it.
"Fuck, What's going on?"
"Mmm, American schools suck at geography."
Who told you just shat in the brain?
What the hell?
And the depths of the sea teem with... women: Murderous monsters.
"Master Shan, hit him"
I swear to God this is no fucking joke.
Barbara shut up and played cards.
You go in there you'd probably get clubbed with a bow.
You guys have no idea how much it sucks.
Not many people go five years without having sex.
"You know, I'd think twice about calling someone a bigot who's had gay Cheerios!, both male and female on her squad, and who resigned her post as principal in protest because this school wasn't doing enough to protect a gay student from being bullied!"
"I tell you, Valiant the whole thing stinks like yesterday's diapers."
You can see he was crazy; look what he did to Ricky.
But you can't feel if you are a fucking nervous all the time.
Why should I go through a stupid ceremony just to make your ma happy?
"At this distance, his unnatural eyes looked like two black holes in his face."
I'll give you a shot for your eyes.
"I wanted to saysomething funny to her, but all I could think of was black jokes."
What's an old fart doing in a skirt?
"He pulls that top, and this whole fucking place blows."
"You know, we haven't found shit yet."
And I'm a little concerned about where the fuck we are.
You can kill with a cheese cutter?
"I've made 40 cups of coffee and I'm carrying cables, and shit!"
It's ridiculous I'm not wearing a tie.
"Cut the crap, Patterson. I'm here on business."
"But in four more years, you're gonna be 18, and when you blow out those candles, you better wish for an ass-kicking,"
How sick are you?
"God, just ask her to go to the bloody ball with you."
But only if he's dead.
I'm glad your roommate shut up.
Get the hell out of my house!
The execution will proceed.
"You see, erectile dysfunction is nothing to be ashamed about but being an unfaithful lying shit who I know for a fact tried to finger bang his paralegal in the interview room, that's a little shamey."
You're the Cyber Bully!
Don't ever hit me again.
"Yes, fellow. But you are a whorehouse doorstep man and we are the cream of the country."
Say hello to my little friend. Heh. That's real fuckin' original.
"""Did what happen, shit-for-brains?"" asked Mr. Nancy."
The guy said you should let her suck on your hair.
You have someone's stink on you?
"Dude, what the fuck?"
Fucking do him.
Then get rid of them.
I'll be fucking fine.
"Why'd you show me all that crap, Heather? What gives?"
"Besides, why does a cool, mellow fellow like yourself want to hang around with a bunch of stuffy, old white guys?"
Why did you blow in these balls?
"Day, night, it doesn't mean shit."
Now give me the bolt or say goodbye to your mother!
"""Don't you see, you fools?"
"Asshole. So I will thank you, as a friend... - Shut up. ...to keep your complexes and your nihilistic bullshit to yourself."
The Duke is going to kill Christian.
Lifted her breasts?
"My guys aren't leaders, they're clowns."
What kind of wacko builds a hotel in the jungle?
You are always taking pictures of the same old useless stuff!
Stop every damn thing that involves my daughter.
I hope it's stoned.
"""But are your wise men so ignorant as not to know that Malacandra is older than your own world and nearer its death?"
"I know, but I-- shut up!"
And you didn't think to tell us that before we let you drive the fucking thing in here?!
"Hey, how the hell are you?"
Nobody gives a shit what you think.
I think my hooker name should be Eleanor.
And when she explained the situation to me I thought she was crazy.
Or maybe he's in the trash can.
"So, you want to see what this place looks like before we tear the shit out of it?"
"God damned Jim,how long you had that?"
"Actually, I really want to touch her boobs."
He wasn't the first rat-fuck barnacle to play the lonely hearts game.
"See? - Hell, he ain't gonna shoot nobody."
"The Catholic Church is, like, always bad."
I hated himfor ruining my life.
"So officially, I was first. - Oh, pathetic."
"Did you poke holes in a condom, Hannah?"
Maybe I wanted to see you lose your face.
"Beautiful, crazy boy."
hope this loser knows how to use his gun.
"Oh, I was just a regular type dude with a big-ass dick."
"""go back wherever the hell you came from."""
I fuck him for free.
"Now, why would you spend so much time trying to teach me how to blow a stupid bubble... when you could have been making up for this?"
Do you want to kill this project?
"That's sick, man. I don't play that game."
Mainly because Dorrit would never go for it unless I suddenly become the lead singer of singer of some morose band.
Sign this cheque before you're dead.
Next time you talk to him tell him to call me so I can find out what's going on in my own fucking investigation.
Not just revenge. I want to punish them.
White woman joining the rebels... can't allow that.
"Think I’m so cut off from them as I’ve fought and travelled and fucked with that I’d go, leave them for you ?"
What the fuck?
"All about me were forsaken, frozen souls of deceivers and traitors."
Okay. Washington is Hollywood with ugly faces.
They don't give a shit about the students and they live to make us miserable!
I'll beat the hell out of you
Fuck you! Give me my purse!
She needed something to do besides shopping and fucking.
So I fuckin' well put his name on it.
Don't be a jerk. Just read it.
"He's kind of a lunatic, you know."
A fucking stroke. Just like that. Gets home from the hospital and dies three weeks later.
I insist that you dig the wretched man up.
Look at this fucking beaut they put in now.
"Monsieur Arthur King, who has the brain of a duck."
"Shit, and here I thought this guy talked with elves and angels. . . ."
"Let's see, Thursday morning, get shot..."
Some whacko fuck wasted Picasso last night.
"I guess you could say I'm either a professional lesbian ""gaymous""..."
"Oh, it stinks."
The jerks are here.
"I burn, sir! My feet and my fingers are aflame!"
Giambi's the worst first baseman in baseball.
I fucked up and I'm sorry alright.
"You can start with him, and if you want me you know where to fucking find me."
Get away from dumb-ass Uncle George.
I smell lesbians in my bed last night.
"Gimme a fucking break, ramon."
You were belched from the cunt of the underworld. That's why I favor you.
This knot's called a hangman's noose. Let's hang him.
These servants are just like animals.
Finnish racism stems from small dicks.
I don't fucking know you!
"But a day or two later when he was sober, he'd tracked them down one at a time and beaten the living shit out of them."
Global warming sucks.
Enough with this crap!
"""Hotter Sex Tonight."
"Male strippers are beyond degrading, and I don't choose to be humiliated in my own home."
You paid us trinkets to kill a prince. Show me the weapon.
"You think that-- - Oh, this is ridiculous."
That little worm. He thinks the Cardassians are going to retake the station.
Get your ass out of the street.
"Whoo! We had, literally, a fuckload of money."
Punt those winged dicks back to heaven.
"He will never despair, nor ever do what despair commands-murder, desecrate, destroy."
I ain't stupid.
"A call or a text would have been nice, but I'm incredibly relieved to know your pussy is still tight."
Are you gonna admit it After I beat the fucking shit out of you?
"I'm a jobless whore who's slept with 20 guys, and I want to be with somebody who appreciates that about me."
Not that turkey crap your mom has in the kitchen.
"Oh, you're a military brat, huh?"
"""My wife might have been into that shit but I wasn't."""
"OK, well, then you bite the fuckin' bullet... and you take her to a hospital and call a lawyer."
"The Beast was so close he could smell the shit-and-blood animal stench of it, so close he could feel its warmth."
"""How about I just shoot you instead?"""
"Jack Sawyer killed him, and I'll gouge the eyes out of his living head for it."
Humans are smelly creatures.
"What the hell are you saying, damn it?"
"Do you have something to say, slave?"
"He was particularly offended by unwitting contact with the bellies and flabby buttocks of the many middle-aged Japanese here, a nation who seemed to have responded to the WormCam with a mass conversion to nudity."
"Put the bum's clothes and the alarm clock on top of the garbage, so that it is cleariy visible."
"Don't hurt me, man. Oh, f-- Oh !"
It's his yellow fuckin' fault.
"""Magnificent."" Shit, that sounds like something... ...you'd say at a cocktail party."
"Man, if Amy was hot, Lexie would have fucked her by now."
"""Took it off when you puked and damn near choked to death,"" Nakano said."
"""Defeat you in combat, I will-that is the deal, you see."
Shoot me now. They're incapacitants.
"Like, if I wrote out the list of shit Allison doesn't let me do, like, it would be endless. ""Don't smoke pot."
Son of a devil worshipper!
You are always horny.. you see a white woman and get all excited!
I'm going to go in there and give him the best damn night of his life.
"And frankly, I want him focusing on me, not your naked pictures."
She's probably a water demon.
"Well, considering the way you got snatched up By that crazy-ass nanny at luke's last wedding, Yeah, it is."
"You bastards, we've been planning this for months."
I hate Monica.
I am the fear behind your left titty.
Don't say another fucking word!
"Damn, Nasir, what happened?"
"You're in the sun, he can't come for you, don't look at him, just load, just load the gun and give him both goddamned barrels right in the face while Joshua holds him still."
"Let me out, damn it!"
What the hell are you doing?
But it sucks to lose!
You could've killed my wife!
Monkeys. All right?
Kaos looked wretched.
"Struggling with Leeds and killing the others, yes, but that would have taken less than a minute."
"No tension, we just want to meet him already, no bullshit."
"You'il end up like him, dick!"
"Kidnapped, abducted, whatever you want to call it, but goddammit, what happened to her is what's happening to these kids right now!"
"You're a cow from Würtemberg and I'm a working man from Paris, but we can still be pals!"
"If you're not careful, you're gonna get shit on you, on us."
"""What's he going to do, tow them out to the Raft behind his fucking kayak?"""
The spaghetti feed in dick's honor... Will be hosted by dick's brother Randy at the town hall at 6:00.
You're the biggest pussy in the world.
Are you trying to provoke me to rape you?
"And, you know, Maybe sometimes You can come across Like you sort of got A stick up your ass."
Kensi is as good as dead.
You'il get her sick as well.
"It'd Be Weird To Punch Him Out Now, Right?"
You're with fucking Ar... Archie?
"No! But if I don't play Zahara there's no film. Then I don't know why you're here, cockteaser."
"Judy was nice and sweet and wanted to get a coffee enema or something, and I treated her like garbage."
That wasn't part of the goddamn plan.
Is he stupid?
"I have her panties right there in my drawer ! - Really ? - No, freak !"
"I said, 'if I'm a pussy, why is it that I can bury blokes?'"
"Damn, dude, he kind of seemed okay."
One day you wake upand you own the whole goddamn country.
"The lights are out because they're sleeping like everyone else, except morons."
Sister friend kind of did us a favor by killing-- killing...
"Oh, don't be silly. It is not in my DNA To just wave goodbye to a stunning woman after a meal."
"Um, well, he's either gay or a woman in her early twenties."
Do they even let black folk in China?
I still feel like the lowest piece of shit when I think about that.
It was all so ridiculous that when he got home he had to laugh himself.
"UL should have raised his hand against me and destroyed me."""
Whores?
"He was having nightmares about this shit, and I hadn't gotten to that point yet."
Walk your ass the 15 miles to Oakland.
"Get the hell out of here!"""
"You're a spy, sent to steal from me."
Your fucking cuts are opening and everything.
"'Big devils, aren't they?' Kring squinted at the armored warriors rushing toward them."
"I know a lot worser words than ""shit,"" you know."
"""I ain't sleep since I capped his ass."
It might cost me a leg But you'll be blown to pieces
But tonight when you came in... ...it was the first timethat I didn't get all fucked up about it.
"And that's why I tried to stop it, because that thing is cursed, man."
Your father and your grandfather drank it to the dregs.
"All right, this shit's creeping me out."
Three Kicks to the Head. Part Three.
They all die young or dry up or... go mad.
"What, you fucking came at me?!"
"This American Martin Scorsese is a blasphemer, and the Church will permit him no pulpit in France!"""
He knew about this shit all along.
People will watch because it's fucking horrifying.
"So don't you fucking criticize my technique, okay?"
Let's see your fuckin' hands.
You're unbalanced.
Tall black guys.
Tell me you didn't sit around all day getting splinters in your ass.
You need to place 10 more balls on the black box.
Take Payne alive if there's anything left.
Women can smell that.
"They would go, of course, and Roland would study the terrain, but he knew even now that his idea of coming to the Tower on the old monster's blind side and then working his way around was not an idea at all, but a fool's hope."
What the fuck's this?
Fuck knows what it's going to look like if he starts vomiting all over his shovel.
"Ridiculous, really."
It's just the crazy ramblings of his wife.
Who'd have the bad sense to fuck with you in your own place?
Get the hell out of my house!
Making love to a woman turns a man into a cellulite surfer!
Where he burns his hands in a fire.
"The old ones, they could kick..."
"Taug will tear your insides from you and feed them to Dango."""
"Trying to make a little extra cash, get my shit together."
"He's the one with a dead whore in bedroom, not me."
"I guarantee you'd see a sailboat, an ocean ..and maybe some big-titted mermaids doin' lesbian shit."
"I said, who the hell are you?!"
Quit your bitching.
"Darn it, I knew I shouldn't have said anything."
"She went into a goddamn pet store, bought a bell, came home, and tied it around Mom's wrist."
"I got to kill him. I just wanna know what I did, okay?"
""" May every goddamned woman get what I have!"""
If you think you can sneak up on a vampire... ...y'all dumber in the headthan a hog is in the butt.
"Second of all, don't ever touch me."
"It's so cruel, so useless."
"Pussycat, pussycat"
She's not gonna tell the cops that her husband was... fucking...
I'm gonna find you a guy if it kills me.
I'll tackle him.
two crazy brothers.
'You damned young blackguard!
"This bald, sad clown isn't really much of a nurse, so could you go ahead and keep an eye on him for me?"
"What the hell are you playing at, Darling?"
"I could probably rattle off 50 much more complicated and disgusting ones, but then your dad would get pissed at me."
And those are my hateful relatives playing croquet.
I don't really give a good fuck what you know or don't know.
Somebody ought to get their ass kicked for this mess.
Shit. I gotta be someplace.
How the fuck did you get that?
'Cause they'll die.
We shall all be dead and buried ourselves if he takes much longer.
"Bad enough for him to have acted the fool, he thought, without having the poor girl think he found her unpleasant."
She's been fucked over a few times and she meets a guy who's sensitive. Whoa.
He should have followed his first instinct and blasted her to flinders with bis psychoenergies in those early days when she first had the temerity to step through her own time-gate.
Guards
And who is believed Peter Grey when cooked such culinary crap.
Messing around with your... No doubt completely sexually satisfied wife.
Why do you have to be so damn stubborn?
The clothes they had given her fit surprisingly well and there was no question that she did not look at all ludicrous.
"Killing me… - Don't get up, it's hot up here."
You shitting me?
That shit ain't funny at all.
"Ow, fuck."
"Six bedrooms, four baths, and a fully equipped gym that that idiot shouldn't have been using."
Whereupon you continued your willful disobedience And traitorous hearts.
What about my money? How the fuck am I gonna get your money now?
You can't have my brain.
If it's a clean shot I think I can save him.
"Gay!"""
She smokes like a fucking locomotive anyway.
"""""Crazy"""" is on the bus."
Chien Fu you've been the punching bag again?
"I'm talking to you, dog!"
Remember you get a little sketchy right after you burned to death.
"If you make some sissy little face, you drink and undress."
Get the fuck out of our way robinson.
"""I might forgive them their dishonesty,"" said Chaffery, ""but the stupidity of it, the mental self-abnegation--Lord!"
Of course I've got a fucking mobile!
"We'll fix the overlap, and then search your intestine for tumors."
You're gonna shoot this baby up there right under your chin.
"AUTO RUDNÁ, s.r.o."
Who the fuck do you think you are making that shit up about me?
This is a great time to ask for sex.
Weren't you just crying about that poor son of a bitch in the p.j.'s?
Get-get-- sedate him!
Or decapitate a man from ten.
"Cooper, it's too damn fast!"
"I got no problem with gay, but, uh, not gay."
It sounded so ridiculous.
"They're tall, don't say much, and have fucking British accents."
Maybe you're just happier being miserable.
Hating this deadly planet and the incredible stupidity of the people who lived on it.
"If you don't work, Yubaba will turn you into an animal"
Are you trying to repel all the pussy in school?
"Ugly ones stay ugly, even when they burn."
I got a 10-ton ball of Roxxon garbage with your name on it.
"Don't be so naive, man. Truce is the best time to chase rats."
"Not another word. You're a stupid cab driver, like your father was a stupid cab driver."
"Jesus, you're a morbid son of a bitch this morning ."
"And he's coughing and everyone's staring at him, Including the priest, then he sucks on a Vicks."
Put her on the fuckin' phone.
"Realizin' that her big brother is a troll, I can well believe that Tananda is used to gettin' dinged up a M.Y.T.H. INC. IN ACTION bit in family squabbles."
Three years that worked with this terrorist!
"If you touch my kid, I will hunt you down till the day I die."
Mohammad is the most common name on earth. Read a fucking book.
"Known that despite Maguire's ceaseless talk of Moral Rearmament, his fondness for his children, his obsession with the gentlemanly art of Bonsai, the man was a louse."
"They did go all Benihana on my ass with that knife and it should have killed me, but for some reason it didn't."
You're a loser!
"Oh, that freak is here again."
Shut your mouth.
"But I think you're gonna fail, and you're a ticking time bomb."
We even went to mickey d's for him because he was so motherfucking helpful.
"Ah, crap, that's one fish down. Two fish. Red fish, blue fish - it's a freakin' fish fry."
"""Damn that Stan,"" muttered Brawne, remembering that the microwave links were up now and new comsats in orbit."
"Cappadocia, Syria, and Egypt, five thousand persons are to be taken and crucified, five thousand persons from each city to be burned alive."
Why do the Decepticons always get the good shit? -Move!
"Damn it, Tom! What the hell happened back there?"
"A fuck buddy is a guy you dated once or twice and it didn't go anywhere... ...but the sex is so great, you sort of keep him on call."
"At least, I won't, and I hope to hell you know better."
Smells like vomit.
Susy seems to think that that damned hypnotism was real.
It's all a damn experiment?
Where Daddy lost allthat money at the crap -
"Joss Beaumont, espionage and ass-kicking!"
"My ex was badshit in the bedroom, but in the kitchen she was Irish."
"Maybe?! You think maybe, ass-chin!"
"Yeah, Mommy must be proud of her little psycho."
"What is the fucking truth, for once?"
What the hell she was doing in an E.E.V.?
Two hours of that shit.
Shut up! You were in love with Evan?
These criminals are his men.
You screwed me!
"Right, Tubby McFat-Fuck?"
"Blaine apparently beat your shoe off of you, which I don't even know how that could fucking happen."
Get the fuck outta here.
You are a child. It's my brain.
Wine for dinner sounds so gay! Remember they had the champagne when the oldest Jones girl got married?
A snake who stab a man in the back.
"""Shit, no."""
I'm calling the organization of the it's none of your damn business.
I'm not taking my niece to a goddamn witchdoctor. I'm taking her to a hospital.
Lucifer was a petulant child with daddy issues.
I murdered people so I could be here with you.
"After making sure the FBl agents received the file with all the names and faces of the other agents, I succeeded in killing all of them."
"Plucky little squit, that young McMillan."
"Tom, get to the bloody stage!"
"Sooner or later, they all fuck up."
I hate you too.
"Heavens, child, you're white as milk."
They're going to die without an antidote.
I wanted to nail them with my own hands.
We don't need bullies and scum
"""Sucker."" I didn't say nothin'."
"Where is my book, damned?"
"""He will arise and smite you!"""
She will ensure that as many demons die as humans.
"wake the fuck up, runkle."
What would you say to a French girl if you were having sex with her?
"Oh. Crap, you scared me."
"""If I had fucked you would you do it?"""
"One of the worst and coolest of crimes. And all from watching you on TV, you cool jerk!"
Course I can fucking read.
"We're cops, everybody wants to kill us."
It's completely fucked up.
First-class dogs come down here to take a shit.
So I spanked her.
Don't shoot him.
Stop taking my fuckin' picture!
I'm too old for this shit.
Smash him back.
Bet your butt.
It can't be the fucking cops.
"Great idea, dude, go look in the burning death hole."
"If you really need to know, I like it both ways. After all, how many options are there? Would be stupid to limit yourself."
"Shit, where's Miro?"
"When they receive no answer, the tytans fly into a rage and beat the wretched mensch to death."
"Listen, we all know you're a scumbag, and nobody cares about you."
"Yeah, piss off, Tennessee Tuxedo."
"Hope you saved them receipts, April. 'Cause you taking that shit back to the store."
"Rich, famous, handsome, ass like cement."
"You're crazy , Henri."
Or I'll slit your partner's throat.
"Damn, he's got, like, a dog's name."
That awful whore. The hospital foundation is my life.
"""Did you shit all over every polar bear?"""
What's a fat man?
"I know that must sound terrible coming from the wife of a murderer, but I’m glad you killed them the way you did."
You really ARE a geek.
"I tried, but apparently, I suck at dirty talk. No."
"The Forbidden Palace is so useless, no wonder our country is in this state"
"Tell me, how can you look at an ordinary person, an innocent guy. . . . . .and then shoot him to death?"
I was attacked earlier tonight by some lunatic.
What is this shit?
"Last few days... ...shooting a known killer, tackling a drug dealer in Hotshot..."
"""Well I know you are not such a woman as that lady Isotta, to turn your back on my good old father and play the harlot."""
Well... do people not think I could have perky boobs?
Fire on all enemy ships.
"That was fucking clever, Marcus!"
"To him, you're jυst a pair of breasts that talk."
"If she was here, she would probably let me feed from her teat."
Do not fucking call me Al.
"Ned, I don't know if I ever even saw the bastard."
"Dr. Rocha, if you don'ttell me where this weapon is, the filth that killed your daughter win."
"Yeah, right. Look, your lapdog is going to mess on the rug. If he doesn't get his hand off his gun..."
Hot as balls in here.
You make me SICK.'
Those three words will kill a crew dead as a depth charge.
The riﬂe was shot out of your hands.
"You threaten to punch someone in the face, what do they do?"
Now Mr Biderman's prick was standing straight up the way Bobby's sometimes did in the morning before he got out of bed and went to the bathroom.
"But if you don't, I will unleash this overly built rage monster on you."
What the hell do you mean?
I need you to stay put. And stop trying to get yourself killed.
"If you go through the park, on the other hand, you only have to brush off a lot of whores."
I want Mike Strauss's body.
Are you ser-- you ruined my life.
Sailors who worked on the dry dock were watching from their perches on—whatever the hell you called the walls of the damned thing.
What the fuck is going on?
The world belongs to people with balls.
"For the longest time, she regarded me as a parasite, a strangling vine, and so I expected she would be the last person at Court to accept me as a noblewoman."
"You, Pope, and the berserkers will stay here and cover our asses."
He should be boiled in oil.
"All your beloved ancestors, and mine... ...and those young ones... ...who were takenby the white man's diseases."
My life was suddenly shit... but my cabinets were looking fabulous.
I'm judging your crappy lab.
Empty. I didn't see a penis there.
Because I'm a fool.
Don't ever touch me again!
He will detonate within the next few hours.
"For one last weekend, bitch, you're ours."
"Stop laughing, fucker."
"Churchill doesn't mind if Russians die in their millions because they're not ""us""."
I'm waiting to watch you strut back to your bitchin' rig.
Why not burn it?
It might explain why the two of you have created an ersatz homosexual marriage to satisfy your need for intimacy.
"Just like I'm sure you understand how hard a black man has to work to get to, say, where I am, in a racist fucking organization like the L.A.P.D. and how easily that can be taken away."
"Susannah kept expecting Roland to object-to tell her to stop feeding the damned thing and start letting it burn down, for her father's sake-but he didn't."
I'm having sex with your husband.
The guy with all the boils needs a liver transplant.
Get off me. Bruv.
What's the fuckin' difference?
That's all everyone in this blasted ship has ever done!
"The faggot flames danced, sank low, flickered high again, so that shadows bobbed across the rough walls."
"""Bury my father,"" she said softly."
What are you doing to those rats?
It's malfunctioning. You're unstable.
What the hell is he up to?
Right now TVs are playing and planes are flying and the rest of the world is continuing as fucking normal.
Abulurd and Emmi kept looking at each other with pathetic sighs of contentment.
Let them come with the armies of hell!
"I'm telling you, you mess with the great white, you're gonna get eaten."
"What are we, a fricking soup kitchen?"
This place is a freaking house of horrors!
"Quick, a miracle, you swindler"
"And most horribly, one pathetic victim was seen only by his nose and mouth."
How can you kill women and children?
I told you it sucks here.
"Haibach has been abducted, and he's probably gonna be tortured to death."
Whoever it is let nine people die.
Hey what the hell do you have to discuss with my lady?
"She understood her stupidity when she saw the shadow slip past her reflection in the mirror, and felt the brush of air at her back."
I'll keep your dick hard for 4 straight days.
"She's fucking in pain, can't you see this?"
Finally I said... what I'd really like to do is to just quit all this and... get a small room with Peter and devote myself to my writing and contemplation and fucking and smoking pot and... doing whatever I want.
sexy girls enrique iglesias bb8 big brother linkin park 2girls1cup power rangers mistic forse hanah montana xxx sex scenes kama sutra nude pamela anderson sex video jonas brothers amnesia ibiza wwe hentai basshunter orgasm akon
We've got the wrong damn boat!
What the fuck does that mean?
"Yeah, you never know, it might get lucky, find the guys that kill my dad."
"You gonna get outta here, gun those guys down who shot your cousin and throw that all away?"
Wall Street hookers.
You're bloody chirpy for this hour of the morning.
"Of course, a lot of the people calling in thought We were going to kill them."
"I was expecting it to be some freaky hippy mamma with large hands, not a sexy lady I'd flirted with."
"Well, now that you have... can I politely invite you to step off my fucking porch?!"
"It's called ""Big Ass... Heart."""
"Once you step on my property, you're freaking trespassing, brother, and I can do anything I want."
"""Guerrier would be a fool to shut off our power."
"Say again? That paperwork you got in your trunk, not to diminish your new beauty mark, is fucking worthless."
"Tell me, what the hell are you doing here?"
"if you're gonna do that shit, do it onstage!"
Get this: if Guido tells you to cut off my hand then you'll cut off my hand.
"Do I at least get a hug? For 6 bucks, do get a freaking hug?"
I was having sex all night with a stranger.
"Critics are all assholes! Alejandro Montes de Oca, ""Jano"", was Tenoch's cousin."
"""Shoot first and ask questions later."
You want me to shoot that shit again?
I like being whacked out.
"You remember your name, basket case?'"
"When you're done turning tricks, get your ass back over here. I ain't done with you yet."
When will the damned Hero plan to return the money£¿
"You shouldn't have fuckin' said that, Stevie."
"A shithole, 90 miles outside of Vegas."
We don't have to use one train for the Jews and another train for the communists.
"""Do you wish me with my black, short hair to pose as a yellow-haired priest of this infernal cult?"""
"If you lose, I'll suffer."
We wouldn't have killed them if we captured their leaders.
You're a gonif.
Let me just say. I don't want my kid's father to be a hoodlum.
If I only could keep hating you like this!
I do whatever the fuck I want.
He just sat there and he let someone slit his throat?
I've already totally fucked up my dog.
"Yeah, and I will collect that dollar, so don't try using this amnesia bullshit to back out."
Fucking listen!
"See, companies hire us to solve the case, you know, fix whatever it is that's making them suck."
I had to sleep with a bag of frozen peas on my balls?
"Hold on to the damn ball, Donnie!"
"I buried one fucking wife, I can bury another one."
That wretched Holmes has recovered the original.
Goddamn phony!
Shoot. You'll get nothing from me.
Where do you think you old farts are going?
"Yeah, I'm fucking crying."
"These are the ones the War cannot use, and so they die."
"I mean, werewolves are bad-ass."
"Come on, one shot."
I kiss like the French do Put my tongue in your ear
"Ah ken maybe no' to look at me, right, but I huvnae always been a dirty Jake!"
"And after what they did to me, I think it's perfectly natural I tell them all to go F off!"
"That or ... soon, you my friend, be pronounced dead and I'm going to the company."
"""I've wanted you ever since that night at Sherrington's–just before I lost my stupid nerve and wouldn't let you kiss me."
No-talent sod. He's got this much talent.
"""Well, it's interesting, secret crap, and you have to be a spook to understand it."""
Are you out of your mind Jack?
"Yeah, when Claire told us what to buy, But we learned our lesson... Ignore Claire and trust our gay instincts."
You know damn well you clean up all the vomit.
That poor man's dead... ...and I'm all bent because the paper used my stupid sophomore photo.
I just don't like my son spending time with a man who carries a gun - - and goes around whacking people.
"One, you’re in a hospital, two, you’re in jail, three, your ass is dead... That means you’re not my friend, man."
I'll prove to you how disgusting I am.
"This is your way of convincing me to give you the permanent Commanding Officer job, with a suicide attempt on your record."
"Look at this guy! $3,000 suit just to line up some pussy, huh, E?"
You mean like the hand of god reaching down And screwing with you?
"""Because we just love to deal with difficult little chicks who ask too many fucking questions."
"No, is not true... - Shut up!"
"Can we have your liver, then?"
"Like a bully. I mean,he probably taped half the town's butt cheeks together,"
"""A fat man tends to stay in one place and let others do his walking around for him."
You're like... my own personal brand of heroin.
"Man,ts whole ""one-partner"" thing sucks sometimes."
"I'm sucking up to you, remember?"
"So why did you have sex with her, then?"
"And what kind of mother would I be, if I didn't give my girls tits?"
Let Amy Winehouse spit in your mouth... or eat a raw slice of Anderson Cooper's ass?
Your son is a convicted murderer in Shangtung!
You're fine with killing two men ? You're fine ?
Uncle Macon. How old and weak you look.
Old lady very sad. So sad she can't throw away Amnesia Chick's shit.
She stopped sucking his mouth as they began to rut.
It's been too hard for the good people and too easy for the assholes.
"And yeah, sex sells, but if the story involves scandal, it needs to be verified."
"And I wasn't going to say anything, but waxing your chest is... like the gayest thing you could possibly do, okay?"
Stephanie are still struggling with the damn pianos.
Here was Henry's fuck-you money!
"Sam, you keep missing the damn point."
Shut up! We're going to the car... and we're going after this case.
"Don't kid around, sister, you could spend the next 20 years in the electric chair."
"Go to hell with your father, your mother, etcetera."
He sounds like a witch doctor.
"So this looks like we having one big orgy here, and ain't nobody humping."
I just found this perverted little toaster spying on me in the shower.
"Shut up, Bernie. But he thinks that your name is Bobby."
It's your own damned fault
How can you two like this silliness?
I can suck... the information I want... right out of you.
Where the fuck is it?
"She wanted to ask if he had loved Llysona as he was rutting with his whore, but she refrained and said nothing."
"It was wildly extravagant, I know, but having committed the crime, I suddenly felt reckless and gay."
"Now, Dick... Mr. President... ...aren't you forgetting who put you where you are?"
I hated him for ruining my life.
Fucks them up. They don't know how to handle it.
"Better just to make a clean break and kill the kid, right?"
"Let's see, a little less talk a little more, shut the hell up."
"Oh, damn, I left my CT machine in my other pants."
You gotta fucking breathe!
"You didn't have a condom, And I never have sex without one."
I shot him. We didn't talk coin collecting.
"Cos I'm your superior officer and I fucking well told you to, you insubordinate cunt!"
I should probably tell Tony we're fucking.
"Hey, Wendy, what's a f***?"
"Sheldon, stop. He's screwing with you."
You call me a fool?
Aw! Damn it!
"I am, as you correctly say, a maniac-a maniac, Mister Bond, with a mania for power."
"Cut it off, if you have to."
You have rich white lady guilt.
And she wouldn't: they could install the damn psychset and she'd be exactly what they wanted.
This II Duce's a fuckin' animal.
"It's amazing how different Shit is now, And it hasn't been this way For a long time."
I merely offer myself sexually to help her de-stress.
The very dirty one there.
Fucking awesome.
"12 idiots were captured, and the hostages, myself included, were freed."
Silly joke.
These are horrible people.
Put on some goddamn pants.
What the fuck am I gonna do with that?
Tonight we arewitnessing a veritable clinic and that ludicrous hullabaloo known as demolition derby.
"Damn you, Roger."
Goddamn it!
"""Pig Face""?"
I'm afraid I'll have to hurt you;
"Listen up, asshat."
Suren and I have to hunt down every last one of you.
Why the hell would you fire me?
"Callahan spat out the word fucking in a kind of desperate snarl, as men do when vulgarity has become for them a kind of linguistic court of last resort."
You look so slutty.
"I mean, why feed me all that romantic crap if he's just gonna cheat on me?"
Arnold... get the hell off my lawn!
"Then in 3 minutes, I'm-a kill it."
I take the cocks.
I killed Cuba.
"But why anyone should either kill her here and take her body out to Gossington or should take her out to Gossington and strangle her there, I don't know."""
There's fucking 40 quid's worth in there.
"'Damn it all, I like the boy."
I hope I brought enough bullets.
Just... Fuckin' relax.
"No, I want you to do it, even though you suck at it."
Prepare for another goddamn accelerated launch.
Where the hell he going?
"Prostrate yourself, sell your fucking mother, even tell the truth, if you have to, do whatever it takes, but get the business."
Chang also stripped the prisoner from the waist down and situated a bucket under his organs of elimination.
But dumb-ass Tito can 't even begin to understand how that works.
"Nobody move, not even a twitch, or the enormous black man and the ginger dwarf will shoot."
I leave you alone for 3 minutes and you start waving that goddamn marlin spike around... yelling about reptiles.
"Now, how did you get a rifle butt in your face without killing him?"
Either we gofor this fucking plan or not.
All I know is I'm gonna starve to death.
"As St. Bruno said, 'Suicide is to die a martyr for Satan.'"
You scared the shit out of me.
Come on. I'm not gonna fuck you in my wife's bed.
"You lousy neighbour! ""Supreme lord Vishnu is a highest goodness."""
"I wonder if Fidel'll want your ass back… ?"""
I don't even know if I want the damn things.
"Damn, you're a good assistant. I could get used to this."
Wipe that ridiculous smile off your face.
"That's why at our house, we have what I like to call my sucker list, 'cause only a sucker would answer a call from any of these people,"
Stop that thief!
Your sister is mad.
"Can I just ask, as a divorced, black housewife? What part of being a single, white slacker makes you people so jaded? Ooh."
"If killing is to be done, I will do it."
"We're out there sweating our balls off every day, bustin' our balls."
I said get your shit and get out of here!
Kill complete.
Holy shit.
And now he drags this madman with us.
Is this how they run shit down at Ari's shop?
You should be washed in the blood of Jesus Christ.
He's just a big old stick-in-the-mud who doesn't like to play.
The trouble is that psycho you hired.
"Besides, who's gonna care that he built a sex dungeon in his basement?"
"Damn, I forgot"
I'm emptying garbage.
I thought you was a monster.
"Oh, I am fortune's fool!"
"And that loser Stan,"
"I swear, if I was in uniform l would not sleep until I smashed that insect."
A sucker is born every minute.
It's damn cold.
"Look at those poor, pathetic people out there."
"You think just cos a guy reads comics,... ..he can't start some shit?"
"Gangrene, rabies... maybe the bitch had rabies."
"Shut it off, for the love of God!"
This guy's crazy.
"Boyd: I was shot while being robbed by one of the men who was supposed to bring us our dope, which is the reason I'm sitting here eating a shitty doughnut, talking to you with this briefcase in my hand."
For calling her a fucking bitch in front of all of her friends.
"You're looking for trouble,bastard?"
"That's some Buddha shit you learned from a book in the prison library, isn't it?"
They must think we're crazy.
"Gilbert, don't be a fool."
"Skipper, I'm detecting dangerous levels of baloney."
They cut their own throats!
You are emotionally hypocrite.
That would've been funny if it wasn't so goddamn scary.
"For the last time, honey, there are no piranhas in-- - My butt !"
"I thought we were in Belfast, you wee shit."
And they don't like black girlfriends?
"He kills my people, blows up shipments of valuable merchandise, threatens other taipans with death if they do business with me!"
Why don't you guys walk out of here and settle for each other's dicks tonight?
Except my name's Nuria and I'm a good fuck.
"""Don't look to your Pervert for help,"" the voice answered my thoughts."
When the hell were you gonna tell me this?
It's the best fucking job in the Marine Corps.
"A tall, blond hunk of a hunk of man."
That's not even fucking original.
You had sex with someone you have zero feelings for! U-S-A!
And she had a mental picture of Wentworth among horrible monsters.
"Damn, it looks like Christmas."
"I'm gonna wipe out every trace of you and your organization, Henry."
"I need to see him, goddamn it!"
"Why every idiot writer and director in Hollywood wants to watch a free DVD and not support their industry,"
"This is my fucking house, okay?"
Your concept of life is no more complete than a worm's.
Are you crazy? You don't know him.
"For God's sake, get bloody Botticelli in here."
"Abruptly the black thing attacked, lunging forward from its half-crouch."
"I'll give me one of those low-life whores... give her a nice car, a bunch of credit cards, lots of cash. in return, she'll take care of the kids and give me sex on demand."
"If this doesn't work, we burn the base to the ground with everyone in it."
Mark is a boobs guy.
I've waited 3 years for this. You little bitch.
"Zeb considered buying phony papers to let us enter ""legally"" - but Hilda decided that it was simpler to use Gay to smuggle us while we smuggled Gay."
I can't have to keep fucking talking to the cops.
I don't want shit.
Yeah? Why don't we just bloody slice them up?
I've had phone anal.
"Well, I don't know if it was brave or if I was just a total coward."
Maybe Gay's on the grill!
"Suck it up, Pathetico!"
I'm gonna see nudies!
"He don't listen to opera, Vittorio, which is a fucking break."
You're signing her death warrant.
"Well, I don't have to listen to this crap."
Damn this weather!
look at the two little bitches getting their drink on.
"If they find out you've seen this, your life will be worth less than a truck load of dead rats in a tampon factory."
"But with him around, you're a parody of a man."
Shut up. What about the girl?
It's really stupid of me not to tell.
I spit on your recipe!
"He thinks you're the nuts, Ash."
You fucked my wife?
Shut up!
Who told you that it would be a good idea To put up superficial representations Of a hypocritical season
"Lieutenant, this is suicide."
She has obvious delusions with paranoid and schizophrenic features.
And you kill them too?
"Oh, he's a pussycat."
It's a fucking rain shower!
Fuck off?
"All right, give me three grams of madman."
"Horace said nothing for a moment, then realized that his continued silence was ridiculous."
"But, please, we can do better than that slot-machine shit."
And it's a Chinese virus.
"Anything behind You don't identifY itself, fucking blow it awaY, OK?"
Anything is better than cleaning fish at that stinking fish farm.
"What, pray, is this nonsense?"
I will want fresh crap.
I've seen you stupor.
"Dammit, Laverne, why can't I ever be the one dying?"
You fuckin' kiddin' me?
"She's the one in danger, damn it!"
He's a little more... butch.
"What gave her sex away immediately were her breasts, the prominence of which she made no attempt to hide."
Hisher is a ventriloquist's dummy.
Kill that TV.
"What the hell, linden?"
Kill the lights!
His talk of pigs and man flesh is confusing as it is frustrating.
"Poison from the sickening finger must have got to his brain, thought Heretofore."
Right. I know you knew protecting the Shmatte was dumb.
How stupid to make fun of us like that!
"Well, he didn't put his ass on the line because of me."
How about if I fucking whack you right here and now?
"I dunno, but that tall fellow, he had a face full of manure."
Get the fuck off me!
It makes just standing around with your friends feel like you're a loser.
"After all, we need to see if that serum mixes with your pig's blood."
"""Do I have to tell you I loathe your guts, Mister Detective?"""
Letters like fucking short stories.
Your so-called kung-fu... is really... quite pathetic.
"What? You scared, pussy?"
"Yeah, that's the last sound you'll hear before you're clubbed to death by a candy cane."
"The big crook in Odessa, he's somebody."
And let's get on to the ASPCA and have 'em take care of these poor bastards.
"Yeah, these are sick, man."
Guys that always talk about how many miles they get to a gallon in their goddam cars.
"He was trying to kill you, luv."
"No, it's this goddamn stiff neck. I can barely move my head."
You haven't said two flippin' words to me.
Cheating death.
"If you want the fucking part, earn it."
It must be a fuckin' dream!
"They're everywhere and there are more of them than us, And they're kicking our asses."
That gives you 28 minutes to get your shit together.
"Uh, shit. Let's go, guys."
"Oh, fuck's sake."
Get the hell outta here.
"Louis, you sure Melanie ain't in a room somewhere with a half million dollars... I worked my ass offto get waitin' for you?"
"I'll suck your cock For $1,000."
I've been here eight fucking weeks!
We need more damn men up here.
We need a low-altitude combined strike from land and sea and weal have it if I have to get your ass out of here within the hour!
"You don't really fucking care at all, do you?"
I'd slash my wrists.
"But if you don't do something right now, we'il all die."
I'll be remembered as the madman Who led everyone to slaughter.
"""Criminal"" brains."
You're a very bad conversationalist!
Fucking unbelievable.
She'll destroy you.
Which asshole are you betting on?
Shite? - I don't think they're very happy.
"'Oh, you foolish Alice!' she answered herself."
"Wow, that must've been the shit."
"I know who the fucker is, OK?"
Shithead! Atanarjuat's brother is running after you!
"Just hit him. Rachel, we gotta get out of here. Rachel?"
What the fuck are those noises?!
Throw them again.
"A senior agent from the Birmingham Field Office was skilled in profiling, and his initial read was frightening: this unknown subject could be a serial kidnapper and killer, someone who found children sexually attractive, and who knew that the safest way to commit this crime was to kill the victim afterward."
Fucked up state of mind that nobody seems to have a clue what to do with.
He says you should come out and shoot.
He ain't your goddamn father.
Let's get you off these stinky sheets.
Now I wanna know what you did after you found out your sister had been raped.
"Oh, my God, I'm a fat guy!"
"I don't even know what that is, but it's definitely slutty."
Ain't that some shit our grandfathers played for?
You sound like those real estate crooks. Uh...
I can make you miserable.
Throw him in jail.
Escaped convict... ...murderer.
We will resolve your conflict in the way most suited to your limited mentalities.
I'm damn delicious.
"And even if I'm not - dammit, what difference does it make?"
"Gentlemen, sit your asses in your assigned seats."
Shit! A heifer’s better than Jimmie Sue.
And I'm talking psycho crazy.
It sounds like the metaphor for the body as it orgasms
I can't wait for the day when your contract finally expires and we can kick your ass out that door.
"Sorry, buddy, nobody wants your dead wife's lipstick."
Miss hogue said you were just beginning To bring negroes into the study.
I don't want you to have a crappy New Year's too.
I'm in a goddamn plastic box!
You better know what the hell you're doing.
Except you'll burn to death in the sun without your daylight ring.
"When we met her, she already knew she had to die."
"Damn, you greedy."
"So, I'm bound to eternity in loserland with you two."
"He was beating the shit out of me, I had to tell him something."
"By the way, every time I kill him,"
Then she ordered your boys to do those murders behind your back.
I don't think that's stupid.
He must be narcoleptic.
"Hey, dog brain, Finger here."
Nobody fucked anybody's mouth last night! Fine.
"Maybe, but why waste a favour on those little trolls?"
Syriac Feminine Dot
"He was ever dusting his old lexicons and grammars, with a queer handkerchief, mockingly embellished with all the gay flags of all the known nations of the world."
I can't listen to this shit.
Hidden talents and shit.
I mistakenly trusted these demons and slaughtered righteous officials.
Why kill him?
The lady you've just seen is to be burned on her husband's funeral pyre.
You call yourselves pig hunter!
"Damn, I can't learn English"
I was only kidding when I said you'd be back dragging your butt in two weeks.
Stop bullshitting me.
You killed each other for hundreds of moons... ...before whites stepped foot on this continent.
I can't say that moment turned me into a perfect husband... or thatJoy didn't have to drive my drunk ass home later that night... but that was the day I knew I could care about someone else.
There are no assholes. Only guests with special needs.
You're telling me you were so ingrained with white-trash DNA... ...your facial hair actually grows inon its own all white-trashy like that?
"Okay, Linda Fiorentino fucking that guy up against the chain-link fence."
I have sex dreams about everybody.
Bullshit. You didn't watch Dawson's Creek.
"Jackie, we're at the freaking Olympics, your dream."
"Anyway, she gives him the sacred whatever it is... ...telling him this is a sacred traditional offering... ...given to the man who ties the first sheaf... ...the last sheaf, who the fuck knows what sheaf?"
I'll shoot you so you don't explode and mess up my shit.
Either of you two ever having sex with a woman.
"You're making her miserable, you know."
You superstitious fools!
Mr. Delaney likes to stick shit in people's ears.
But your mind is also impure.
You'll shit when you see what I'm wearing.
"Hey, what the fuck's going on?"
She jabs him with her stinger. and he goes as limp as a boned fish.
"Edouard, I have spent-so many hours wrestling with my faith - my lack of faith - but now, in this fearful corner of an all but forgotten world, riddied as I am with this loathsome parasite, I have somehow rediscovered a strength of belief the likes of which I have not known since you and I were boys."
You fuck up in a firefight... and I goddamn guarantee you a trip out of the bush in a body bag!
"""This is silly."
Dragged him to his hotel and shot him with drugs.
He'il die if he doesn't get it.
Sucks right back in. Animal never knows what hit him.
That chekist bastard had taken the film from his hand.
You want three murders hanging on your head?
You're shitting me.
"Hell, no. He's got herpes."
I got us fired because I punched a judge in the schnoz.
Get rid of the rubbish.
What the heck were you dolng?
"He doesn't believe, he's gonna die"
Not a God-damned thing!
Just rub some dirt on your face.
"What the fuck is the list, Sal?"
"So, poor and wretched, I walk the world like this, and knock the ground with my staff, I knock the lap of my mother and say:"
"No. Damn it. No more Mommy's milk, okay?"
"The bigger you are, the quicker you burn."
Never got the damn chance.
"Well, I just like to keep shit kinda close to my vest, you know."
You also know that you must return that scroll to me or die.
I'll fight you with my fists and show you how a rich girl fights.
"With his last dying breath, Sir Scum manages to crawl forth... ...and fling his vile blade."
I want brain parasites.
Test conditions Studies shall be carried out in pigs.
You just wanted to hit him with a floater. “Fuck off with your butterfly!
"Or, my money arriving safely in Switzerland. We're gonna die!"
Goddamn it. Yanks lose again.
"Oh, you've got to be fucking kidding me."
"What the hell, man? You told Vanessa I had feelings for her?"
"Then I got the better of him in a piece of business, and he tried to stab me in the back."
I want you to destroy every one of those DVDs.
"Oh, my God, they have boners!"
A fucking tragedy.
One... this year already sucks.
"Lower, shoot lower."
"""Lori says he can't remember jack shit."""
"This way, please. Shut up."
I figured you'd be in Wilder Hall sucking beers with Susie Sorority.
Do I look like a freaking helicopter?
I broke the fucking nose.
Shut up and don't interfere!
"Hey, what the fuck is this I'm hearing?"
Bullet went right through the duke's brain. Finished.
"Because your jizz is your power, man."
You sweat that shite out of your system because if I come back and it's still here... ...I’il fucking kick it out.
And you're going to die knowing It's all your fault.
"""What's this, you bring these crazy kids and they're destroying shit and they're fighting."""
Not with the Nazis and Japanese... threatening to con quer the world.
"Jersey and Delaware cops are on your ass, too."
"""Manicure from hell."""
"There was AlfMason, so ugly his mother sold him for a bottle ofmuscat."
"Here, screaming death!"
"Damn it, I'm not doing this with you in here!"
"It's just, when I see someone look at you the way that I used to look at you, I fucking hate that."
Standing there in your fancy suit calling my story bullshit?
"Look, Frank, I'm sorry about your pus yellow, piece-of-shit Volvo but we ain't riding in the damn trunk no more, you understand?"
"He gutted them, sold their organs."
That kid is gonna poop an ornament.
"I'm stuck in the same day, and it's a fucking hell that you can't even fathom, and it just keeps happening."
"Ifl was gonna get you coke, we would've gone to the fuckin' high school football practice."
It's stupid to be so sweet and so sad.
What the fuck is going on?
And he's only half black.
"Pardon my French, dear, but... ...I hope you got some pleasure from it because you've really screwed yourself."
"She saw that the hood was up slightly the same instant that she heard Tom say, ""Goddamn it."""
You're unreal.
I'm going back in there to take care of those bastards.
The Everest of fuck-wittey.
Will you guys shut up?
"NORMAN: Whoever built this thing wanted us dead, we'd be dead already."
I got flush while you were away on your Fuck Up's Holiday.
I don't need this shit.
You ever been fucked by a knife?
"Tamra, shut up."
You think I need your ass?
"You eat what's put in front of you, and grunt when spoKen to! Shit!"
I will do my best to protect your ass... ...sets.
"Oh, my God! I wouldn't have sex with Angela!"
Last year he was diagnosed with ADD and took a vicious shot to the testicles so maybe it's best to keep him as far away from the ball as possible.
"She said they were morons, and not a bit like the real things from Laoth."
"They're just waiting to see what we're gonna do next, wishing they had the balls to climb out of their repressed little holes."
"Now that you're up, can you please kill that dog?"
Be a dog and treat me badly?
"I don't mean to be judgy, but this is the kind of thing lunatics do."
"Yes, I admit now he is just a talking skeleton."
"don't be such a fool, dolly."
Mkay? Jew like you. Okay?
I know Hit-Girl couldn't give a shit about what high school girls are into.
Your immoral Western sexualitywill not work on us.
Blow me till I'm done.
"You're in the middle of the shit, staff sergeant!"
"While I'm working my ass off in New York, you start some kind of relationship with the most annoying woman on the planet, who also happens to be the mother of Becca's best friend and your boss!"
"How you doing, sugar tits?"
Even women don't interest me any more.
All I'm asking you foris three fucking days here!
"Poor devils. You're right, Ugarte."
I'm sorry I told you to fuck your bong. It's okay.
"""It's just that damn, I keep trying to remember if I had it this morning when I came in to work."
"If that ass thinks he owns the world, he's got another thing coming."
Whatever it's about bed time or black people.
Daphne had always been a whiner and a constant complainer.
She hates you.
"And when his eyes go dead, the Hell I send him to must seem like Heaven after what I've done to him..."
What the hell was he doing in the house at all?
I got to help Phil with his sperm.
We made a fucking deal for everything inside the cabinet.
What the hell you want to wear meter maid shoes for anyhow?
"To hell with Thornton's, Slickson's, Hamper's."
I never get a fucking do-over. Ohh.
"Well, don't you go and slap me with a harassment suit for telling you this, but if you don't go out back right now and take off all your clothes, I will fire you."
You wanna shoot some stick?
"God Attack The Queen, that's what it should be."
Back when you and Sarabeth were still married that last year... Uh-huh. ...she and I were fucking.
You're an idiot. I didn't know any better.
"When she has to read people, she's got the sharpest bullshit meter you've ever seen."
You crazy? This man is champion ofthe world.
Shit. You're leading me to get killed?
"""Oh, darling, I want to make love to you."" That type of shit."
"All the paperwork's in back, but I'm sure you guys will find some way to bust my balls.You always do."
Dirty blood.
"Roast ‘em alive, or stew them in a pot; fry them, boil them and eat them hot?"
Shit! I think are losing oxygen.
"I don't know what's more pathetic, the fact that I was actually struck by lightning or that it took three days for anyone to find my body."
"Shit, Doc, I'll give you the lift."
I think she's some crazy babe.
You ever... ...dress up like a schoolgirl and get your ass spanked?
And that sucks.
What the fuck's a Wormwood?
"Writing poetry till you went nuts, huh?"
"""Idiot!"" exclaimed Rosette."
"Rebels are wanderers, man."
"Oh, hang an."
"A Manhattan, and kick the vermouth in the side with a pair of steel-toed boots."
"You think little guys can't be fucking faulting you... I wouldn't put him near a carpet till his pants dry a bit. Thanks, Tony."
"Hey, stud. I don't know what kind of sick, twisted party you had the last couple days... ...but I sure as hell ain't cleaning it up."
"Andy, I am me shooting for top of you"
Everybody wants to be a shitkicker.
"Baby, who's ready to lick me sexy?"
What the hell are you doing with a bunch of rabid weasels?
Why do you think we're in the goddamn bathroom?
The guy must have had hands the size of trash can lids.
"""Shoot,"" the President's Chief of Staff replied."
"Well, I'll be damned. Look at that."
I could shave his little arm--
"Coy's okay, but Teddy is a goddamn delinquent."
"Use your legs, Mac."
"It must have taken the Web Dweller four or five falans just to realize how stupid I’ve been, why Louis Wu wasn’t talking to him."
"Where the hell were you last week, you fools!"
And that is as one family that we wish to die.
He wants to make my life miserable.
"Even Dick became dead-white and closed his eyes, as if by the mere sight he might become infected."
"For a moment Johnny thought it was going to take a crap, that it was every damn bit as scared as he was, and it was going to take a crap on the laboratory floor."
You're saying that Mr. Blonde was gonna kill you and then when we got back he was gonna kill us take the diamonds and scram.
And that would suck.
"We used to come here with knives and slash them in the guts but we got bored after that, after about two weeks, I just eat my cake now and wash it down with a cup of coff."
"That guy lives to hurt me, man, and be jealous."
"Flagg had medicines that would rid him of his cold, but none that would touch that growing ferret in his brain."
"Fuck it, I don't know what I mean."
We all know you're fucking my husband.
Κick the shit out of him. Go on.
"Holy shit, he caught her."
The Separatists brought tanks to exterminate us.
Courtney found a guy to have sex in Liz's bed to make it look like murder.
Your brother the bastard is fled from Messina.
No more midget shit.
I'm a bat out of hell!
What are you bitching about ?
"Cos if she remembers, just for a second, she'll burn up."
"Thus, by the order of this court, the accused - if convicted of the charge of sorcery - shall be burned at the stake... (Muttering) ..so that his eternal soul is separated from his perverted body."
"Since 2002 -- had sex in an airplane bathroom 35,000 feet over Denver. Peter:"
"Come on Debby, you can shot better than me."
"So useless with their trickle of money -- for all that the Brits complained about NORAID, O'Donnell knew that the PIRA had not netted a million dollars from America in the past three years."
Already useless.
Being a Burmese slave is better than being dead.
"Come here, ugly!"
"What the hell, Duane?!"
I'm damned.
I'm gonna get my motherfucking refund!
Will everyone please shut up?
"I want to make love with you, Wanda."
"So no, going to prom again would just remind me that I've always sucked at picking guys."
It's my bloody hormones.
And it's not like I can tell her that being a three-legged dog is the shit.
Gonna be out on bail in the morning. - I say execute them.
They got no fucking home training.
You think I'm gonna waste my time by doing something as... as unbelievably ordinary as making a sex tape?
"I don't fucking deal drugs to little fucking kids, you--"
Then this murdering scoundrel turns up and...
"I'll take that ""hey"" and shove it right back down your throat."
"Michael, stop being so childish!"
Shut up!
"It's like, let's all eat baloney sandwiches and be racist."
You're all so fucking predictable.
You bloody know that.
What'd you just do? Fuck.
"I may not have friends in high places, Ray, but I've got 'em in the fuckin' used car business."
"You ain't gonna doa goddamned thing, you hear me?"
You want to fuck with me on this?
"Y'all ain't a couple of faggots, now, are you?"
"He just appeared out of nowhere, in front of that dumbwaiter."
Girls don't really like guys like you.
Since when do the crows give two shits if we live?
"So tell me about yourself. If you can get your mind out of the gutter long enough, dog boy."
Then get the fuck out of here.
"But Zeus' queen, Hera, saw this bastard child as an insult, a living reminder of her husband's infidelity."
"'Cause you're a 20-year-old little and you have no idea how the world works, because you think you deserve better... you think you're too interesting a person to have a shitty job."
You're liable to blow up the building.
"I'd rather embrace one Norwegian than kill a dozen a day, friend."
"That's a duck, not a dick."
"She's a little sassy, a little bitchy."
Or at least lie on top of me.
We ain't got all night for this shit.
"Damn, dog. You good, èse?"
Would you shut up?
"If you don't want a shitty vacation, keep quiet."
What the hell is going on here?
"Make a list of the infected whores and account for this morning's gunfire, and I'll publish it all."
"If I were you, I'd get as far the fuck away as possible."
And you seem Addons and the next morning.
It's none of your fucking business!
No wonder your numbers stink. I don't...
"Yeah, well, since you are a murderer, what might that be?"
"if you say there's nothin' between you and Archer's wife, you're a liar."
I'm gonna nick your passport.
"If you put it that way, Mr ... sometimes they can ... back to a crazy man."
You didn't win shit.
"Well, why don't we start. by giving your overblown salary to the fucking Red Cross?"
"If you're a thief, say you're a thief."
"""Hey, can you stop for a second while we just drop some shit overboard?"""
"These hard-working immigrants are the backbone of this country! They put the damn on the hover, they put the railroad ties over the great divine and they did it with a smile buddy."
They were big donkeys.
Living fast and dying young is crap.
"Ventura didn’t know how much of the pure race crap Smith really believed, if any."
"You've brought me on a crap road, worse than the one we were on."
"Well, it's utterly ridiculous!"
"Damn it, answer me. I asked you a question."
"I gotta hit the head, get the door if the pizza comes."
In a few minutes it would reach them and they would be burned alive!
Is bullshit. There are six journalists inside. Waiting for 15 minutes.
"""My father was a scoundrel then!"" cried the lad, clenching his fists."
"By the way, um, officially there are no Italian homosexuals."
"Oh, this person is most famous for never having gotten his nose mutilated with elective surgery and never living the rest of his life in the shadows as a hideous, disfigured freak."
Get the hell out!
Another hard thing about being in L. A: My sex-on-a-stick next-door neighbor. - I can't stop looking at him.
"Where the fuck were you, man?"
“You look quite ridiculous in that disguise.
"Deu, I swear, Pistolero never said a fuckin' thing about any safe deposit box!"
Is math still kicking your ass?
"Uh, to be honest with you, Marla, I didn't think you gave a rat's ass about me."
Great ass fucking Moses!
Like freakin' Annie-get-your-clothes-on.
'You are a sad man.
"Yeah, you could tell him that... but then you'd have to take pretty much endless shit... about how you're such a big shot now that you don't have time for your old friends. Nice office."
And... all of our yesterdays... have lighted... fools...
Travis pisses a lot of people off.
Just get the fuck away from me!
You weirdos always find me.
He looked at me like I got a screw loose - and gave me a pretzel.
"""What are we feeding these miserable students on?"
"Now, make sure she eats something and immediately gag her. - You got it?"
I am ready for death.
There's a lot of shit Danny did for me when we were kids that you don't know anything about.
"Only if you see me, silly."
"Shit, what time is it?"
"Cookie, now you can punch him."
Fuck everybody!
"Yeah, those jerks belong in a zoo, not the streets."
What a rat.
"Yeah, well... Maybe killing a kid is something I'm not prepared to do on my own."
"You may be thrilled,but I'm fucked."
"The tree, which under its green branches, you first fucked your girlfriend, entrenched by love."
They're started by penises.
"The cabin, the bomb shelter, all this shit?"
She killed it.
Why don't you fall in love with the Jap kid and get off my back?
It's like an abscess on your brain.
Shot through the head... Bayoneted and stripped of his clothes.
It'll just go on until you end up as crazy.
A male prostitute.
"The man, the culprit that took me off college, put me on the streets, do his dirty works, he shits on my freedom , is none other--"
I'll give you whatever you fucking-
"I'm a fucking junkie, Mike."
The waiting list goes on for fucking ever.
"Without it, we'll all perish, oxidize and rust, like my wretched self!"
How the fuck does your name get on the firm's charter?
You and your dirty race are all the same.
Some crappy pension?
"Damned, damned expensive."
"His skin, too, but not until he's clinically dead."
And you wouldn't even have to get shot at.
Weren't you the one who said we are past this dumb relationship drama?
"Do you think it wouldn't bother me to kill him because he's a monster, or because I am?"""
But before he died admit that they are gay and are hooked.
"You know those little burr-headed monkeys at the zoo who sit on a stump all day, jerking off?"
"City after city, I thought the damn thing'd never end."
I felt useless and scared and furious at the same time.
The sugar fucks me up.
I'll tell you what the hard part is. Stop thinking like a goddamn slave.
"Shit, is that gold?"
They fuckin' with me and mine.
Let's just fuck off.
With it Mohammed Beyd will cut out your black heart.
You shut up and stay outta this!
"""Polished or not,"" Jabba retorted, ""it's kicking our ass."""
Did I mention that Socrates was ugly?
Get the fuck out of here.
"Jesus, I would go mental."
Blow up the ship.
"In a world where perfectly decent girls get brained by cosmic space shit and get accused of being nazi sympathizers, I was having trouble turning the other cheek."
Mm-hmm. Are you such a loser you can't tell when you've won?
"If you ever put me in that position again, I'll clap you in irons myself."
"If I go, Théoden dies."
"I know, I know, I'm a son of a bitch of a patient."
"There is no teacher having the knowledge, and no ignorant pupils."
"Angel! I swore to you the next one would be worthy, But she's not! she's a monster!"
What the hell's the matter with you?
Not unless you're capable of killing a man by flash-freezing him.
"If Chiana really wants to, she's going to find a way to kill herself, and maybe not here, or now."
That'd be a damn big lizard. ROBERT:
"I woke up the next morning, saw the signed letter of intent and said, ""well, shit, I guess I'm going to B.M.S."""
"Shit, that's twice my whole life."
"Where you think you're going, asshole?"
It'll take him longer to die.
But you wouldn't know anything about that 'cause you always playing shit safe.
"Something about, ""Only an Arab would bring a dog to war."""
Thad... - Moran got a handjob from his grandma.
I like dirty.
That's pretty shitty.
"I got slck of screwlng her, so why should I rape her?"
Shut up! Which means a lot of people have been breaking the first two rules of Fight Club.
Get off of him!
I want a shot of you three men.
He's lying on top of my bladder.
Holy shit!
Fire all!
"Look, Faye, I really appreciate you kicking my ass back into the real world."
I didn't know you threatened to stab a teacher.
"Well, maybe his number came up Because he'd rather be dead than penned up like veal."
You could've been a great fucking loser! We could've made a lot of money together.
The rest of these kids are runaways.
Let's just hit it with the defibrillator.
"Just so you know, they went over me, because I told them to blow it out their collective asses."
Until they shit on the carpet one too many times.
I am a horrible person... ...therefore I have no choice but to be horrible.
"All right, shut the fuck up... and I'm gonna tell you what you do."
"All right, guys, shut her down."
"Her arms were thick as a grown man's thigh, her thighs as thick as his waist."
What's wrong with that crazy fuck?
A little girl's killer is still out there because you're the class clown!
You was a hero to all of us back in that shithole.
"Well, if you punch me out-"
Your hair smells like cheese.
Don't know shit about your own son.
We'll figure out percentages when I nail shit down with Nero.
"Hudson, marriage is a mother-fucker load of responsibility."
"I know she hadn't been in any recent episodes, but DAMNIT she deserved better than this!"
"Oh, some jackass just blew through a red light."
For 2 cents and a stick of gum I'd kick the shit out of you.
"—fucked from the start was how he'd meant to finish, but the words dried up in his throat as he saw the back of her."
"You ought to be in bed, clump snatcher."
"You know, and we're here, and then I'm wearing this ridiculous dress, and then we were dancing like that and..."
"Girls with their legs crossed, girls with their legs not crossed, girls with terrific legs, girls with lousy legs, girls that looked like swell girls, girls that looked like they'd be bitches if you knew them."
You need to study because I'm gonna slaughter you like a sacred cow.
Clyde is a brain.
"Oh, I-I just assumed after that incident in the parking lot with that bitch in the Lexus, you wouldn't want me to."
"Oh, God, it sucks."
I'm bad fuckin' news.
"In fact, ask them what the fucking score is on the football match I should be at."
"Make new friends and kill them. """
Your monkey was taken.
"Tell me, how can you look at an ordinary person, an innocent guy... ...and then shoot him to death?"
And I haven't had sex in forever.
What the hell have you seen him?
"Take it somewhere else, Sally Struthers, and get outta my face."
"If you don't quiet down, I'll shut your mouth."
We wait until Saturday and take down all three of them.
"But like the rest of you, they don't answer their mother-damned phones."
"We're stuck in some rat holecalled Roston, New Mexico."
The very stones of the castle seemed to whisper it to him . . . but Flagg was damned if he knew what it was.
"Shit, where are you?"
All the fucking time.
"Plus, I might've killed the class bunny."
My brother's crazy. He really thinks he's a cop.
"You better not, or I'll call your probation officer... ...and they'll put you black ass back in jail!"
I got to sell a car in downtown Newark and this little lady is my ticket to hauling ass in the carpool Lane!
"If it was consensual, well, based on your age difference, that would be statutory rape."
"I am so happy to be marrying you, my feral little minx."
"Ah shit, five hundred pages and I’m losing my book!"
Gay? Oh! I can't even say it.
"She was waiting for you to leave so she could have sex with me, but you never did."
You two leprechaun dicks need to chill in the greenroom... sipping on some Pellegrino and let your manager handle the details.
What the hell do you know about any of this?
"Gideon handed me the mug, then stroked the pad of his thumb over my nipple."
AUTO KUDLÁČEK spol. s r.o.
"Darling, you're killing me here."
"Who the hell are you, anyway?'"
Throw him in there.
That's why they're so silly.
WWhat the fuck is going on here?
At least you realize you're a moron.
"You know, I'm sick and tired of low-lifes like you trying to come here and squirt pain medication off of us, okay?"
"Not voluntary, but in ex-Yugoslavia with a bullet in the chest."
Who else is so in love with his own damn voice as Jack Gielgud?
"Listen, shitkicker."
You got my fucking word...
"Yes, and to Captain Honor Harrington, damn her!"
"Well, it's just funny 'cause you called me a white racist for choosing an Asian chef, and then you had your run of all the white women in the world and you chose yourself an Asian girl."
I've made my decision I'm tired of being a fool who rolls the boulder up a hill
"Oh, shut up. He'd be anybody's type."
"You won't kill me, sergeant."
You can't be fool enough to think a few armed ranchers... can hold off the United States Army.
"The only thing that matters now is stopping Morgan and his stinking drug."""
I stink at dancing.
"Okay, on top of the mini skirt and I’il shave my eyebrows."
You should see him - Shit.
You're gonna be back on the butts in a month.
So when you ask people about fucking illegal stuff... ...it has a certain patina to it.
A greater death pressed upon them all.
That's why you are a bore.
"Ah, what the hell?"
Some can only be destroyed by hanging or decapitation.
Why do people answer this fuckin' ad to come and get shot?
You're only business is how you start the fucking day.
Fuck this.You go in your room and lock the door one more time...
What the hell are you doing?
All I want is to eat that arm and become like you.
"Stupid babbling drunk. I'm sorry, Rupert."
Not if it gets Lawton off your brother's ass.
"You, who are a mere thrush, and yet so much more."
You screwing this kid?
"Now, what would I be doing being friends with a bitch with a keloid... ...and some run-over shoes?"
"Bastards were everywhere, sir."
Give me a gun.
We're not fucking hungry anymore.
Weddings are gay. KRISTY:
What the crap? How come nobody called me?
"You, in the freaking sand!"
That shit's not right.
How many times do we risk our asses for this?
"I swear to God, I'll kill you!"
Just shut up.
Don't be fools!
"Wild Bill, my arse!"
"Get a call from this bitch here, from Faith's cell, telling me her new number, where she lives in Atlanta."
"Now put the rag away, lock up, get your shit, and let's go."
I think we can all agree this kid's a freak.
"Get off me!"""
"Attention, pussy shoppers! Take advantage of our penny pussy sale."
"""Can the bullshit, Bul!"" she snapped."
Their hearts will be devoured.
"Goaded, Illyan snapped, ""I didn't promise it was idiot-proof!"""
"No, I get it. You're the devil's baby mama. I guess that explains why Moreau wants"
What the hell?
"Telling him, it just confuses shit."
Kara absently rolled the balls over her knuckles and into her palm.
"It stared down through yellow eyes with beady black pupils at the pathetic humans on the raft, their clothes in shreds, limbs and faces scarred from combat and the scorching rays of the sun."
"Quick as a snake, Binabik leaned over and whacked Simon on the ankle with his stick."
Let's rip it up!
It will kill you.
Another had been Delta's raucous who-gives-a-shit bellow.
"What, the grave Sandy Butterfield paid for, the guy you beat the shit out of?"
Well I have the last laugh. And it's on you and your silly leather gloves.
You're killing me.
"So who the fuck are you, my friend?"
And to think those damn nuns wouldn't let you out of seventh grade.
"DROKOS, s.r.o."
"And government agents,still in power,who've been working from the inside with your father, people who can get that this pain in the ass to safely tell his story,on the record."
Put all the stuff in a damn box and send it to Alabama.
I'm afraid it's one of Hapsburg's goons.
"Yeah, I need to go to fucking Arizona."
My game sucks. I haven't scored in six weeks.
"Some asshole thought it would be a good idea to have this meeting... ... at Joe Barbara 's farm, up in the country, nice and quiet."
"Whatever fatherly rubbish you're thinking, save it. Nothing you say matters to me."
"Get out of my face, man."
He just parked his ar.
She's the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy.
Stop that woman.
Everyone you touch will be cursed.
This reality sucks.
"You know, Loretta said you were cool, but you're a total dick."
I'd kill whoever made this wine.
"Your cousin, negro."
Fuck. Galentine!
"For someone who just got engaged, she's a real sourpuss."
"My moves is tight, dog."
Holy crap!
"I wouldn't go so far as to call a dog filthy, but they're definitely dirty."
"Huh? You see what I have to fucking deal with here, Nicole?"
You can kill the machine.
"No, they're after my ass."
"It turns out, the horny guy with the weak heart was a club regular."
lris. You're a knockout.
"If he's mortal, then he's a witch, and if he dies as a witch, then he's stuck on the other side forever."
"I just try to take really, really, really old shit that people have heard a million times, and then I try to make it sound new again."
You should have prepared for at least this much when you started dating such a worthless girl.
Pompous ass named it after himself.
"You're fun and the audience likes you, but I'm not gonna lose my license over this shit."
"We saw your girlfriend in her underwear, cunt nugget."
You bastard! ls it a big dinosaur or a small one?
"""Are you comfortable, Max? I'll just, uh, be out back, nude, getting hand jobs from the woman you love."""
"Shut up. ""he's my soul mate."""
"Look who's talking. I mean, you ran to another fucking country after Mom died."
"It's an old battered car, but the roof's fine. Don't be an idiot."
"You touch one hair on my father's head, you'il pay with one of your legs."
But don't you two kill! You belong to us!
Your plane crashes into a goddamned blizzard.
My sexual tension has been replaced with another familiar emotion-- anger at your scrawny ass!
Ava's crazy.
Knock me off my horse!
"If someone touched us right now, they would be electrocuted."
"Even before your ancestors headed off in their creaky junkyard star-ship, taking their foolish wild gamble in coming to this world."
The only thing that hurts me is that I don't have enough strength to give you the beating that you deserve for being so insolent and evil-minded.
"I want to do lots of, lots of sexy, hot things with you. Shit."
I've had about enough of your smartass remarks.
Good. Open your fucking ears.
Do I have such an ugly nose and big nostrils?
"If I were you, I'd pound on my chest."
Shed agreed with my plan to kill the swarm in the comm room.
"She writes letters, sends them in the mail, all they say is ""I hate you."""
Get the fuck out of here!
Don't say another fucking word.
You fucking ruined opera's tradition !
Hmm? What Cupid said about heaven busting ass to get mom and dad together.
And I will throw you all in chains.
If the ratites come from countries in Asia or Africa on arrival in the Community they shall be treated to ensure that all ecto-parasites on them are destroyed.
The only things left are the bullet and... this.
"So, what if your daughter... ...travels to the city to do her internship, but she comes home at night? - Shut up."
They feed on the puss of all this corruption like maggots in a corpse.
That was the one with Kick-Ass!
Creatine shits?
Jesus Christ! Fuck!
He had a dick that was so big... ...it was longer than thebarrel on his Walker Colt.
Everybody's parents fucked them up.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
We've done New York to death.
"Cole, back us the fuck outa here."
"He tried to frame me the second he got in over his head, but I was happy he did it because at that moment, I learned the greatest lesson of all -- screw the other guy."
I want him gone.
I'm gonna smother her with a pillow tonight.
"So, I'm gonna write my clowny-ass name on this fat-ass check for you."""
How come you always have shit blowing up?
Fucking reeks.
I never want to speak to you or see you again.
I should've kept in mind that anyone who meets you... ...will automatically know that you've got a twin brother who's a midget.
Let us see where this rat has been lurking.
"""Nice day, isn't it?"" How stupid!"
"And, shut up, it will save me God knows how much on exterminators..."
I don't think there's an official term for this shit.
I've got a sore back from carrying your ass around for the last 15 years.
Party at my house! Pathetic.
You're here for my last shot.
Bullet used to kill Alexander.
So quit the I’m-a- scientist crap for awhile.
I can't believe this shit.
"After all, I must damn the Captain without damning myself."
The two fools waving a gun in a church.
He was a beast.
"Kiddy groups during the day, prostitutes with their clients at night."
Baddest man on the planet!
"Steve, you're a jerkoff."
Shut up and don't move.
"You walk into their house, you steal, you shoot at them!"
What the hell are you talking about?
"So, I'm going to go out to my car, I'm going to take a big hit from a self-medicating joint, and then I'm going to Kentucky Fried Chicken 'cause it's finger-fucking-licking good."
"We'll find a place where the smoking's good, where the hot sun doesn't sting the drinks, where the wind spreads bits of bird shit all around us and says"
I will make you suffer for what you did to Elena.
"This is great shit, too."
What the hell is wrong with you?
"Yeah, and I kicked him really hard."
"He spoke tentatively, but Norman had no sense he was trying to flatter him, and that was good, because Norman was in no mood to have someone blow smoke up his ass."
Forrest!
Get sleepy and open your red eyes. off peeing and shitting
I'm sitting at the table with the best damn shot in the county.
"And Carrie with faraway, dumb reproach:"
He's a kick-ass driver!
"Speaking of yourself in the third person, Marc... ...you gotta admit, sounds a little silly."
Maybe I'm just a pathetic soul. Theoretically.
"I don't need you turning up every time I feel down, reminding me of everything that makes me feel shit about myself."
"All right, listen, you need to get your crazy ass out of here right now, or I'm gonna call plaza security and they're gonna rollerblade over here in, like, 40 minutes. And if you try anything, I'm gonna stab you in the neck"
You cracked your skull open.
"I've got shots to match killer, take a deep breath."
"Ernest, I am damned."
"Tell, uh, raphael... ...To bite me."
Both these bastards are willing to pay a stiff price for this little Chink girl.
You got out of the SUV and you shot him.
"You remember? Oh, fuck it."
What a bunch of party poopers.
There is nothing I would like more than to spill her blood.
"Pig-Pen, you're the only person I know who can raise a cloud of dust in a snowstorm."
Maybe they ain't done fucking with you yet.
"If the worst came to the worst, they were going to drop a bag of Dungbombs, but they hoped they wouldn't have to resort to that - Filch would skin them alive."
You've got some nerve for a doll.
This club is nuts!
"It's an interesting combination of elements, making him a... tough little son of a bitch."
"You're nicked, the pair of you!"
Put them in the bucket.
Shut up! You told me you were going to threaten him.
"Hide your face, so the world will never find you!"
"That sucks, your brother won't tell you about it."
"And she says, ""Well, we're having Damn Ham."""
He's sick. I care. I'm pathetic.
"I always said when murdering stops being fun, I'd hang 'em up."
I want you gone.
Luscious tits.
"I know what this looks like, but I swear Get the fucking cunt off me."
There's nothing wrong with you except you snore too much.
"Well, I guess the suck-ups get all the good clients."
I'm about to get my ass handed to me by three captains.
Just too many fags.
"Shit, I'll hitch a wagon, ride her back home."
'Cause you're bullshitting me!
"If it were up to me, I'd chase every goddamn Englishman into the ocean."
You think clay davis gives a fuck about policy?
No longer must we treat our precious ozone layer like the bastard stepchild of the cosmos.
Don't fucking do it.
He hoped none of that crap would come back.
How 'bout next time I save your ass?
Over the sound! Of now I'm punching you!
Shut up your trap!
"In real life, you just make a fist and hit him as hard as you can."
"Dentures, hearing aid or penile implant?"
I already fucked up one truck like that.
"I'll be having sex with Gavin instead of you every night, and. . ."
"You bring my cousin here, and then you shoot him, endangering your own mission."
Why? Hit me again!
Don't fucking lie to me!
That's why God gave me the easier job to be crucified.
Poor girl seems miserable.
"These bikers are like rabbits who don’t eat carrots, too much sugar."
"No, it's not. He's our father. I'm not going to sit here and blow smoke up your ass."
She gave me crap about me not listening to her enough or something.
These damn six-inch heels.
I Kick-Ass.
I don't fucking know either.
"Matt, you're killing us."
Shut up! Don't you ever say that again!
But I Was Afraid That He Would Kill Me And Then He'd Kill You.
I will charge you and dump your ass in the system.
We shot him.
"No fucking way. Do it for Jim, dude, don't be selfish."
What the hell?!
AUTO KUDLÁČEK spol. s r.o.
It kills you.
Bearded boobies!
Knowing stuff in advance makes you crazy.
The monks have been fobbed off from elsewhere due to their incompetence.
"Since you didn't, I'm gonna tell him he sucks balls twice."
What an ugly mug!
You love the Bible 'cause you can't get your dick hard.
Yeah. I'd probably be like disemboweled by a ninja.
I wanted to see Lorelai pull those idiots out of that apartment.
"'One of them took a shit on the dashboard of my car,' he said coldly."
The little man inside me dismissed Lacey as a nut.
I'll be the one to die after getting our revenge.
"Now listen to me, you dregs."
"""I like hand-jobs""?"
"Gene, we're not some shitty little shipyard anymore!"
"Damned painful, the whole thing."
Just because some rapper's got a white buddy... ...doesn't mean thathe's Sidney fucking Poitier.
...very sick.
Cut off her nose.
You want to knock out Janine?
"What the fuck are you doing, man?"
"Well, you know, when you take a picture of your junk... ...and send it to a girl?"
"Come here, loser!"
"Champagne, cocktails, drinks ... c'mon everyone we must drink up, today is one big fuckin' day ..."
"Ah, your Chinese gibberish very mediocre."
It's hideous! I think I shit my pants.
It was with a great deal of silly relief that these people let us off the car at the corner of ayth and Federal.
Shut up and get to the point!
Bull pit is not playing with you. - No shit.
"Tom Garnett flicked its body off his knife and into the wheelbarrow with the straw and shit, then stooped to pick up a handful of fresh straw to clean his knife with before replacing it in his sheath."
Seems no matter how deep I bury that shit... someone always digs it up.
'Cause you're about six words... from getting kicked off and kicked off the goddamn bus.
The fucking power's out.
It's an asset. Mr. Vercel hates brunettes.
But there was still crap from my old life I had to deal with.
"All the shit we've been through We're all here, we 're all alive."
I don't know what the hell you're talkin' about and I don't really care.
I'll cut it off!
Metro can think whatever the fuck they want.
Excuse me if I don't buy you're a real down-ass chick.
Look how fucking beautiful we are.
"You may think it's stupid, but promise me you'il do the same."
"Keep fucking moving, over there."
"""From the asinine questions your Imperial colleagues have asked me, I already extrapolate that my crewmen have talked too much."
"If you don't contribute your fair share of food, may your whole family get the fever and die."
That's nonsense !
"Well, he was gonna kill me."
Did you suck his--?
"What the hell are you doing, man?"
Guys... ...we suck!
"Make out, but get on the ground as soon as possible in case they just decide to shoot you."""
THADE: She'll die with her friends tomorrow.
"look, I've stared at a million boobs."
She fucked me.
"""Rancid."""
Each contestant is gonna insert two enemas and see who can jump the farthest and shit the most.
"She's devious, my mother."
I'm getting too old for this crap.
"Co-dependent girls, unfaithful girls, depressed girls, narcissistic girls, phony girls. Girls who, it turned out, didn't actually like me."
"It was obvious I didn't want him to come, I was being polite to a moron."
Moon buttoned his overcoat up to the neck and looked miserable.
But if only ten of the clan women were left it would die.
How many goddamn eggs?
All that shit?
"Dude, what are you doing way the fuck over there?"
"Yeah, but it tastes totally disgusting."
"She's a fine girl and a hard worker... ...and she's a good salesgirl, and you shut up!"
What?! - You hate running the business. It's killing you.
"Then, like a D-wolf, he bared his teeth and ripped out the man's throat."
"And, uh, this play is kind of starting to feel like... a miniature, deformed version of myself that just keeps... following me around and, like... hitting me in the balls with, like, a tiny little hammer."
"Gaza, for fuck's sake!"
"Come now, a blow job isn't with your mouth. It's with your heart."
"So the thing to do is reassure the judge, keep him off his damn soapbox."
"People are sick of tragedy, we know you can't write worth a damn about sex."
He'll make up some crap about how it made him cry.
Just hang it there.
Fuck you all. Looks like a land crab that once crawled up my pee hole.
"Marty, molest me!"
"Anya, what the hell you doing, baby?"
Then they burn the heart in a little fire.
He brought AIDS to our annual goddamn family picnic.
"Yeah, they said that I smelled like puke Because I was bulimic."
"Tell me where the key is, or there's going to be a royal decapitation."
She ever bring bitches to bed with you?
You have a closed mind for a scientist.
"I know the first time he met you, you dropped a fucking sandwich on his foot and he smiled at you, but you are completely blind to the fact..."
Frank D'Amico was the worst of them all.
You're a worm who thinks he's a crow.
Not because he'd tell me my books were shit.
"People are no damn good. But they will always need land... . ..and they'll pay through the nose to get it."""
We got the only national anthem that mentions fucking rockets and bombs in the goddamn thing.
So you'll stay here and eat depressing meals with the teachers and their grubby families?
But you can't have sex with the school system.
Sudan is a crummy environment for this little bastard.
Are you trying to not have sex with me?
We're just having sexso we don't fight anymore.
"Laugh all you can, don't play dumb."
Good shooting… shitty shooting.
She was fucking someone.
"My job is a bit ludicrous, isn't it?"
"Shit, I wanted McDonald's so bad."
"I'm choked by the food I swallow, the shit I get rid of, the words I say."
What the hell else you want?
"No, that's a stupid idea."
"Look, the first time always sucks."
"You've been shot, baby."
I wouldn't mind giving her a massage.
"Ah, what do you want me to fuckin' say, herc?"
I'll be crossing the state line in about 20 fucking minutes or something.
"Fuck, look at that!"
"Shit, they forgot this lottery ticket."
"I'll forget her birthdays until her 18th, when I'll take her out and get her drunk and possibly, let's face it, you know, try and shag her."
Call the surgeon for your giant woman !
"If only you knew what a miserable creature she was, you would have pitied her, just as I did."
"That was why I found you hiding under the covers with Nimitz ready to go rip someone's face off!"""
Betty shut up and followed.
Catch you fuckers at a bad time?
That is damn good beer.
"Look, I travel the world for Britain and I get paid fuck all for it, OK?"
"You just needed somethin' to take up your useless, empty, nail-polishing, toe-polishing, rich-bitch, sun tanning days!"
"I can see what's happening, and I can feel what's happening, but there isn't a damn thing I can do about it."
Every time he said anything... it was twisted around to sound imbecilic.
"Well, I'm smart enough not to be the one cuffed to a couch, about to get cleaned the fuck out."
Let's see if you're a man or a wimp.
I love the dumb ones.
"Who would have thought you were such a good liar, huh?"
"I fuckin' walked in here, I told these guys about stayin' put."
Those ain't normal rats.
"I want to help you, you dumb guinea."
She stopped laughing instead and fixed him with what she hoped was an expression worthy of the meanest Nazi bitch-goddess ever to grace the cover of a Man's Adventure magazine.
Why don't you sit your ass down.
"They're made by these hardworking people right here, and it is not right to make these people spend hours making extra chocolate boxes because people are too lazy to make a stupid phone call!"
The doc stopped the bleeding in your guts weeks ago.
What the fuck?!
Forgive this poor woman's ignorance.
"You'd lie to a king, you dog?"
"After every fucking thing I did for you, Chloe? Huh?"
"Jesus, you've got a big noggin."
"Lazlo, shit happens."
You'il be com pensated.
You can't get us out of this mess Because you don't know where the hell you're going.
"""It shall be his heart which shall sizzle in the coals!"""
"It was one thing to die, and quite another being forced to sit around in a cold wind making small talk with a fatuous ass like Messinger."
I don't give a fuck what you forget or remember!
"The soldiers stared over Olson, through him, around him, wooden-faced, deaf and dumb."
I did something stupid.
And if he isn't he fucking should be.
I'm afraid I enjoy a good murder now and then.
"Bitch. - And if they start to scream,"
They want the same shit.
"He's a pickpocket by profession, and pickpockets don't really make good leaders."
"""Damn, how big is that spider?"""
The damn thing bit off my entire foot.
"George, kill the lights!"
"Nobody likes a crybaby, he told himself as he began to drop to the ground."
RIDDICK: They'il take the one ship in the hangar... and leave everyone else here to die.
"And if Bertinelli retaliates against the Triad or is perceived to, the Triad is gonna rain down hell and innocent people are gonna be killed."
"""We got this guy's little girl. If you don't give him all your money, we're gonna kill her."""
I've had to start having sex with Jeremy 'cause your my mentor and he was gonna fire me.
"I should take a stick to her, Sutra thought."
And this handiwork has your lying little sister's fingerprints all over it.
"You have to master the little flower, or when we move on to roses you'll be screwed."
"Now, I know the lines are busy, people, but keep dialing in if you want a truly exceptional knife to slice up your friends in their sleep."
Don't fuck with my fantasy!
"She needed to be stopped, and only death would do that."
Give me a cock to pin on the wall already.
"Few beasts or beings in any dimension have the courage or stupidity to try to face down a Pervect when it has a full mad on, and Aahz was mad."
"Hell, we can look at He'll still be a robber Get Ivory out of the board And go!"
You're going to get us all shit-canned!
"""I'm damned certain Toby Moulding doesn't have two Imperial Comets."""
So what the fuck are you talking about?
Or you could scratch my back some more.
I think I'd rather stay a virgin forever than lose it on pity-sex.
Walks away to play Angry Pigeons or what ever the fuck it is.
"Cursing at the top of his voice, Percy unlocked the door and hauled all that shit out again."
A goddamn nightmare.
Don't walk away from me... - bitch!
"Stay with me, my chieftain, and we shall die together!"""
"Now, you wanna tell me what the hell is going on here?"
"Now, y'all pay close attention, and I'll show you how this shit is done."
This monster's got no teeth.
"Hurry up, give him his shot!"
I like mine black.
Do you think it stinks?
The black robes of the women made them look like birds of prey.
"Come on, hit me, hit me."
"Great fucking intuition, Lyn."
We ain't going to no damn New York.
"What can you give me, apart from a great fuck?"
That's the ballsiest fucking thing I've ever seen in my life.
Then how come you don't listen to a fucking word I say?
"If I sayl love you, throw caution to the wind... ...let the chips fall as they may,and you're lying, I'll fucking die."
"Elite troops just back from killing Muslims on the battlefield, just when they think they're out of harm's way?"
"A rape, you got that, rape!"
I know why this guy's the most hated man in the world.
"Jesus H. Christ, that's a fucking look."
"I think you don't give a fuck about Jay, Chedda, me-- nobody."
"Hey, Taha, if you're broke... then how the fuck are you going to pay us this week?"
"You screw up, you'll be flying a cargo plane full of rubber dog-shit."
"""This is idiotic!"" Peter said, looking back to make certain they were out of earshot of Rohana's women and the guardsmen."
Because he used to kill people for his country.
Death to Videodrome!
It's time to put on your harlot's robe.
Just shut up. Can you do that for once?
I think you are interested Ko Chun is a fool
"'Where did you put it, Scum?' said Crash."
"Shit, they copy our doctrine time and again."
Johnny fucking Dogs.
Right after you've dunked Ethan's head in the toilet.
"If you fucking cared, you'd help me hide this shit and not try to expose it so I can be left with nobody but you!"
"Man, you couldn't be more fucking patronising if you tried."
Burn it.
We'll bomb Booroos.
So why the hell would you wanna be a hobbit?
They'd lynch us.
What the hell do I care?
There is no fucking soy milk!
"When Bobby replied that he had never heard of the gentleman, Mouse said, ""No shit, Sherlock,"" and stepped aside to glare at the names on the chalkboard."
"Here's your wallet! Oh, shit!"
I'm normal as shit.
"Look, I know shit got out of hand the other night."
It's a nice day to die and you're still asleep!
This flame will burn away the darkness; burn you the way to paradise!
Many Jaffa will die.
Does that crap actually work on women?
Death to the demoness Allegra Geller!
"My dear wife, you get something twisted out of your insides by all this blood, filth, and noise."
I hate the way he talks to you. It's so obnoxious.
That is the ugliest F-ing skirt I've ever seen.
You forget you work for the fucking cops?
It drives you witches crazy that I'm aware of your every move.
"Ow, dammit. A joke's a joke, but I'm supposed to be the host!"
The deal is we can leave in 20 minutes if it sucks.
You've created an environment of rotten liberalism and hooligan actions.
This bullet will go right through you.
"There's some crap in there about the supposedly extravagant lifestyle you lead, but the good news is there's no mention of the Maddie/Colt situation."
"Killing a helpless, old fart"
"Sure. Oh, crap."
Isn't it against your ethical code to have sex with a patient?
(Sighs) Victor is always sick.
"And believe me, speaking as someone who really knows about this shit, you don't have the choice, not any more."
Go knock up some willing hellhound!
I don't want to hear your lies!
"What the fuck's wrong with you, Hank?"
"Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole... ...full of worms and oozy smells."
"Yeah... last night, he and Margie hooked up... until they were havin' sex."
She rips my face off and you punch me.
No. I couldn't do that to the poor bastard.
Israeli woman - It's no fun here.
I want you to kick that spot as hard as you can
Filthy rich.
"'You've lost your mind,' Kalam said in a quiet voice, barely audible above the seas."
"Fucking Shiva handed this guy a million dollars, told him, ""Sign the deal"", he wouldn't."
"Damn it. You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling."
"If I'd had the sense to keep my fool mouth shut, they might not have done it, but at my taunt they did."
"And now, the media shovelling shit on our badges over the shooting that took place there."
I don't find exact fucking words for it... but it fucking disturbs and concerns me.
Nothing will sober you up like repeatedly puncturing your own flesh with sharp metal.
Kick that fire out and kill our silhouette.
Traitor!
"Do you like it when I whip you, Aldous?"
Shit. Are you sure?
"I know, I know. It's just boys and their bachelor parties, it's gross."
Excuse me? Is this Black Guys?
There's a traitor here beneath my breast And it hurts me more than you've ever guessed.
I guess we ran out of ways to tell about you screwing strippers.
"""I'd let the whole damn' world go if I could help him."""
Two balls are with which Duparde murdered.
"Water fell down her, bouncing off her breasts."
"Killing Jared, pushing Kyle down the stairs."
Then I hit you with pies for five minutes.
What is this shit?
What the heck is wrong with you?
Can you pass me the goddamn keys?
"Fencing, extortion, hookers."
"""Doyou get the feeling you're being screwed"""
"Matthew, you're a dead man."
"No, but it's the same fucking ballpark."
"Sir was an f.T.A. Enforcement wing pilot, and his lover, Duran, was a rester terrorist."
You just want to fuck that trashy waitress.
A lousy father. what are you talking about?
He's probably going to accuse me of fucking up the dates.
"Grass, gas or ass."
You'll freeze to death.
"Ride home and die facing yet another regiment - or two, or ten?’"
Killing the soldiers at the river... was a good thing.
"Motherfucker, what's wrong with you?"
"And when I said no, he took out his gun, put it in my mouth, and told me, if I didn't sign the form, he would paint the walls with my brains."
"Killer God!"" she spat."
"Dr. Hahn, anyone who can outdrink me and still kick my ass at the dartboard gets to call me callie."
Her mouth dripped a froth of blood and spit.
"I bust my butt at work all day, and all I ask is for a hot meal."
Good. 'Cause you made a fucking mess. It's time to clean up.
Shut it off for me!
"Yeah! Our life is our own, and they can't just make us kill each other for their own sick amusement!"
"None of that shit matters anymore, Franky."
Show his fucking picture.
There's no talking sense into them... 'cause they're nuts! ♪Aah!
It's miserable.
"Right when shit was starting to go good, dude, I'm going to jail."
Get off me !
"Those who want to stack dog food, knock yourselves out"
"No. If you shit where you eat, don't cry about it."
Stop fucking me around!
Who the heck is that?
"The white party. You know, most people would shoot that for free. But I'm gonna charge you instead."
Hell.
Get the fuck out!
Probably whacks off with her ashes.
You stay on in this house and keep that damn candle.
Let's go take care of this shit now.
"""Tell me why I'd give a shit about your wife's cousin?"""
"Damn, dog. You good, ése?"
I just did the three murders and the seven rapes.
You gonna clean your shit up?
That would kill me!
"Come on, we're in a fucking meeting, man."
A unicorn's ass?
"So, uh, witnesses spotting you near those crime scenes was just dumb luck, huh?"
"Experiment with your own life, damn it.!"
"""You have real talent, but you must reach, goddamn it""."
Get your fuckin' hands off me!
"There's only two people in this whole room I give a shit about, anyway."
He looks like a Bulgarian boll weevil mourning its first-born.
He's a midget.
He sank into me and set me on fire... ...like he always does.
'You stand by all this garbage Dumbledore's been telling everybody about You-Know-Who returning and you being the sole witness?'
"Now, look, you tell me about this ""getting back into heaven"" crap and I'll end this quick."
"Hell, yeah, make me a peanut butter sandwich, gay."
Don't be silly. We're not gonna waste the millions of dollars my parents are giving us after we get married on hats.
"He was going to kill you, but now, in his wisdom, he sees that this would only make you a martyr."
"Oh, you're deplorable. Late, late, late."
"You knew you had herpes, and-and you still agreed to swap blood with me!"
"Michael Shaw-- he's quite a con man, isn't he?"
...and single-handedly slaughtered everyone in there... ...and freed Hub without dropping a single gold coin.
"You chose me to make House miserable, didn't you?"
Know who you're fucking with?
"Anyway, all women, including the ugly ones, were occupied, one way or another."
It was a crappy supporting role.
Can we not talk about fetal pigs at dinner?
Killing kids...
This is the one downside of teenage sex:
"A drunkard, and so are you!"
I'd be there in a shot.
"You kicked me out of the house at the age of 17, disowned me, told me that you hoped that I choked on a cock, then you ran out on mom and the girls and never came back."
"Likely any effort to cross London was foolish, and likely it would be wisest to cower in some quiet cellar like a rat, hoping for Catastrophe to pass him over."
You shield me from assholes And take all their calls You buy me my Tampax and rubbers and all
"I will rescue her, or die trying."
Overnight all my damn bags home.
This is a sick computer.
"But instead, they became Guinea pigs, all because they turned to the wrong person for answers."
"Shit happens, huh?"
The motor pool's the best job in the fucking Army!
Crap. Why does this hurt more than the other three?
"Hey, listen, let's say you do survive the jungle and lack of water, whatever you find, snakes and animals and shit are out there, you won't make it out of camp."
You know how to shoot that thing?
"The petition had been largely signed; many tearful and eloquent meetings had been held, and a committee of sappy women been appointed to go in deep mourning and wail around the governor, and implore him to be a merciful ass and trample his duty under foot."
"At the very least, we're talking statutory rape."
Make love to that damn daughter of his!
Is the gist that I'm shit outta luck?
Girl is like from a shampoo commercial.
Add that to the pile of crap that don't make sense.
Uekichi is faster than a monkey.
"So I came over here, and I put him in the fucking ground."
"If he must die, why not die like a man -- bravely; beating at that terrible face with his puny stick, no matter how futile it might be."
I'm not getting on no fucking roof!
"Well, careful that the zombies don't eat your brain for breakfast."
"Hey, where the hell you been?"
Motherfucker! - They talk about religious experiences.
"He rats out one person, he fucks his entire livelihood."
"Damn, he was in Art's pocket while she was alive."
Why don't you just get the hell out of here.
It's a goddamn curse being right all the time.
I miss your ass so much.
I might get confused and fuck you with my big strap-on by mistake.
"Oh, you are Kick-ass Kaminski."
"Well, God damn it, how did you get to be a singer?"
"We just kind of stood there... ...for a second, like, waiting for some shit to happen. I don't know what."
"You know those crazy, desperate women who read about prisoners in the newspaper and start sending them creepy love letters?"
You're such a damn idealist!
"Oh, shit."
It's not like you're gonna find someone new to have sex with in the next two hours.
"And the train is dropping off so many miserable husbands and wives that, before you know it, there's so many people in Marriageville that they have to build an airport."
You got drugged or stupid or both.
"Summer, I had to stop myself from hurting him badly. I could have killed him."
"Willie, what the hell is this newspaper shit?"
Glenn is having a little difficulty concentrating on our Bible study readings because he has something of an obsession with the size of my girlfriend's breasts.
"Yeah, we'd still be a man down, and a six-man league is just pathetic."
"Besides, when I run a search like this, there's no fuckin' reason for anyone else to double-check me."
"Oh, and who are they, Mr. President? The First Lady and Vice Pussy?"
Goran is crazy for you?
This is it. Let's show those lousy Huns what we got.
"Run, Kick-Ass, run!"
And I do whatever I goddamn want to do.
Then go rent a bulldozer and fill in the freaking pit.
"Shag who the fuck you want to shag, but don't fuck up your whole family... and her family back home."
Who the hell are you?
"Shit, man. Her life is in your hands, Dude."
I won't casually kill my enemy until I understand him.
A hick with a college degree from some Baptist hole in the ground.
I just wanted him to shut up.
"To all that, Peters added the capricious vanity of an alcoholic wreck."
What the hell were those things?
You're like the anti-Cupid.
You shut up too.
He even had the damn thing pressed to face when he met his girlfriend Cathy.
"So from now on, whenever Private Pyle fucks up... ... I will not punish him."
Do I look like I'm fucking kidding?
Ain't you supposed to be dead?.
Son of stench.
I said would... You... Fuck...
I'd rather burn everything.
"If I want Eddie Murphy, I'll go to the goddamn movies."
"I'd love to, if she had a motive to kill Haley."
How much of that junk are we gonna bring up?
You've been me naked.
You'd be afraid to kill her. You know why. You'd get caught.
"As the tension in the room climbed, one of the truckers called John over and said, Hey, don't worry, both those kids are trash and we'll back you up no matter what."
He heard her sucking air.
"You need to tell me why the fuck she left, so I know where not to look, all right?"
"I hate it, Gretchen Cutler, but you goddamn floor me."
"Now he's bulky, stupid, thoroughly predictable."
"Let them think you are a little crazy but respectful, too."
Approaching Vagra Il.
"Say yes, pusbag."
"""A roaring, raging bully!"""
It's damn sealed with zinc.
"No, you're just paranoid because we're about to trip balls."
Her mother's a jackal. Her father's an insurance salesman.
"25 dollars t' dust a field, but you ain't got no field because you ain't a farmer, which means you ain't poor and I think you're a pervert!"
"If Vernon cuts us off, it's your fault, asshole."
We could probably make a burrito out of shit we have here. Okay.
What the hell is that?
No one else listens to that crap!
"Take them alive if you can, but take them. Copy that."
What the hell have you got us involved in?!
Our lord rode into Jerusalem on the back of an ass.
And smells like sheep dung.
Look at these poor devils.
"""If you don't get out of town in 24 hours, I'm gonna shoot you on sight."" Come on."
How much fucking time?
Prepare to execute.
"Well, the reason I'm bothering is ... now I don't want you think I go around butting into people's business but somebody has been snooping around your door, you know, peeking through the keyhole and shit."
"What the hell is it, anyway?"
We're fill or kill at 65.
"I don't give a shit what it takes, that imam is going to talk to me."
Thoughts of suicide and worsening of your depression If you are depressed you can sometimes have thoughts of harming or killing yourself.
You'll have a daft by Friday. I promise.
You make it seemed as having children is some sort of goddamn punishment.
I just caught your friends in the bathroom having sex.
"Think bloody, national evening news."
These hogs drugged her.
"Oh, you're fucking joking!"
I hope Paul sinks some teeth in him.
"He was painfully thin and scrawny, his eyes deep-set, his face pinched and tight."
"Every time I say that phrase, men instinctively cover their privates."
"I mean, I just laugh thinking about him whining all the time, bitching and moaning:"
"No, well you kill someone."
"His silly jokes are as close as he can come, poor man."
Super gay ones?
That lousy old tramp died laughing.
She just didn't give a damn.
Everybody in this town is crazy!
Rambo the Skateboard Pimp was my 10th kill.
Shut up!
"Like, we just... I just had sex with you."
"Shit, it's only been 90 minutes."
Your trigger-happy boyfriend should've gotten rid of you when he had the chance.
It's that nosy bitch Joan.
Max should've stayed dead.
"He would light those hideous cigars, blow smoke in people's faces... and then spit after each puff."
"Holy shit. Really? Some sort of sticky liquid got into the crossover housing, I don't know."
"It means your big brother doesn't give a shit... about where you end up, which makes me wonder... why you're trying so hard to protect him."
"Gee, I don't wanna go down that awful black hole again."
No doubt she'll seize the opportunity to get rid of the wretched Mrs. Croft.
Fuckin' God knows what diseases around.
"I mean negroes forced to undergo risky experimental surgeries, dosed with radiation, cut open to find brain abnormalities which could explain their propensity to violence."
"Bunch of towel-heads Are probably laughing their asses off right now,"
"One, you're talking nonsense, two, you're in no position to give anybody orders."
"Biting's not sex, it's biting."
Can't you keep your mouth shut?
"I'm gonna cut my thumbs off tomorrow, I swear to God."
What the fuck you talking about?
"Imagining him here, fucking me in this no-holds-barred place, made me squirm with anticipation."
"Oh, shit. If I had 52 men looking for somebody... I'd find him in three hours in New York."
"Bitch, what you think this is?"
"If you're afraid to do some police work, Murphy... you can stay in and clean out the shit houses until your retirement."
"Make, model, the whole shitbag."
I care because it's a hot fucking night and I've been roasting outside for over an hour and all your dumb ass managed to do was this.
"Look, you had sex this afternoon with the girl you love and you didn't have to have a talk afterwards."
"""Anybody I catch is a dodger."
"""And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance... and furious anger... those who attempt to poison and destroy My brothers!"""
She's blacked out!
He fucked half the women in this city.
"And you shall have it, Dr Zaius, or I shall hit her again."
"Bucket, god damnit, what are you doing?"
For putting 50 pounds of goddamn dynamite under my car.
"He's crazy, Jax."
She's completely catatonic.
Get off me!
"Yeah? Well, your jerk-off kid is going to jail."
Get away from the fucking door!
Wendy can't prove shit.
"I don't care what your lawyer said. I got my own lawyer. Now, put him on the goddamn phone."
"The meat on the bones, no maps, sucked him, a worm of hunger."
God damn you.
Just wait till that damn cake pops its lid.
"The mutie had been crossing the town square just as big as Billy-be-damned, walking .as if he owned the town where Ray had lived most of his life, the sheriffs pistol holstered at his right hip and secured to his thigh with a gunslinger's tiedown."
Never had my ass give me orders.
Are you trying to kill your mother?
You know how many bullshit malpractice lawsuits there are in this country?
You can't let people get away with that shit.
"I want a fuckin' lawyer, not a blogger."
"You know what, if you're really sorry, you'd better be planning to make this a very special night for all of us, not just you and fucking missy Malool."
"Give us a kiss, you sexy beast!"
"Whoever it was, he left his stink behind."
Are you out of your mind?!
'I have promised he will die tonight.
You guys want to tell me what the hell you're talking about?
You know how that shit works.
"But, if you were to ask our neighbours, I guarantee that they would assure you that there is indeed a gentlemen's agreement binding you not to sell your house in this block to a Negro.'"
"And she had that down on her upper lip... ...and about her ears... ...and fat, ugly hands"
"Surely, you cannot remain the pathetic piece of meat that you have always been."
"Right, dance my ass off, make out with Noah."
"My nigga G, man."
I kill men for gold.
I will not stop until your little Glee Club is annihilated into oblivion.
"If they suspect anything, they'il shoot first and ask questions later."
"It's a fucking party, people, so let's party!"
I sunbathe naked and I don't want you sniffing around like dogs.
All you brought was that useless ornate shield!
I could care less if I get killed.
Where's your fuckin' brother?
Destroy them.
"""Damn,"" Chavez observed finally."
"Jenny Stedmeyer is not your fucking destiny, okay?"
Fuck it. She won't get the abortion.
"Okay, cash me out. Yo, if you ain't got dreams, Bubs, what the fuck you got?"
Of one woman's constant need to show the world her labia.
"Then a hue and cry rises up from the extremely sparse crew of the freighter: ""ABANDON SHIT!"
But he'd never heard the stupid-looking kid talk about himself before.
"I still enjoy football, good wank."
"I got crap I got to do, T.K."
I'm gonna run 1000 volts through your heads and fry your bombs.
Right on that black platform. This way.
"""Something is deeply fucked-up."""
Afro Whores?
"""If the power is restored while we are still in the house, we'll be in deep shit."""
He's this super brain... with amnesia.
"No, that's -- but what sucks is, frank doesn't know that --"
What the goddamn hell you doing up in the middle of the night?
You pick up the card without looking at it... ...lick the back... ...and stick it on your forehead.
Just the idiot who's still waiting for the return on her Internet investment.
"No, not that, retard."
It was very nice her to ask if we wanted sex. So ...
"Now, take your vampire and go."
That is not a dick in my hand.
"""An incoherent, stupid waste of celluloid."""
"A packet of fags, Yvonne."
"If it's just a matter of destroying them, I can do it."
Because you're all too narcissistic to consider that no one really gives a crap about your problems.
"When I was 11, she, uh, Cut her wrists with one of my dad's razor blades."
"And you, shut up about your brother's business!"
"We're gonna clean them, chop them, put them in buckets. Right here."
"Go, Negus."
"You've taught me that marriage is not a form of death--and you obviously aren't dead, you lively wench."""
What the hell?
I need you to go to this guy's office and scare the shit out of him.
"So sage,she was just being safe by shooting you."
Fills her head with worthless ideals.
Because you can only kill the Forsaken on hallowed ground.
Fuck! I'm having a bad trip!
"Look, I quit cheerleading and I started wrestling because I didn't want to be the silly girl on the sidelines."
"Let me outta here, God damn it!"
Laurie didn't join you to become a living fucking reminder.
Mind reader. Darn.
"Justice ain't about bringing back the dead, white man."
Had a piece of wire cutting into her neck.
And give those Irish hoodlums a drink.
Your damn stories: I wanted to see if it was true that they were wild.
So you be nice to me... or you'il be one sorry asshole come morning.
"What, you guys are gonna ride around on bikes with berets and fucking baguettes in the basket of the front of your bikes?"
Fucking Joy!
Get the fuck out !
"Are you threatening me, dick?!"
I know. An exciting day for me is when I watch wheelchair porn.
"Freaking sausage, freaking canadian bacon, freaking mushroom ¨C"
Foreign devil...!
"""You do more of this kind of shit than we do,"" Kevin said."
"Will you ever kill again, Karl?"
That poor SLUT kidnapped herself.
"What do you do, when you want to have sex?"
Then we will knife the sentries at the gate.
I'm fucking coming!
And I fucking mean it about the country music.
That's good for your orgasms.
"To head puppet of the white man. Oh, Pops."
Did he plan to toy with him first and then kill him?
But do you know why I had to kill him?
Why do you think you're a dork?
That fucking look you've been giving me my whole life.
Leave that shit to God and look after business.
Fucking Friesland!
"I gave the order to shoot down a plane full of people, one of them my good friend."
He's on our ass!
Then we all die trying.
Not dead until he's warm and dead.
An obnoxious vegan.
That a runty cunt such as you are ever stood a chance?
"Well, don't go bloody mad."
"The scalpel goes from each clavicle to sternum, runs the length of the torso, and ends at the pubis after a small detour around the navel."
"You're a dilettante, Lucy. That's what you are."
What the hell are you doing?
Of course I was saving it up for a boob job.
Death.
Her parents couldn't speak English for shit.
Video games are why this country's going to hell.
Killing you in a fight will keep me my honor.
Go. -Fuck!
"But why would you want to marry someone you don't love? - Oh, shut up!"
You are rigid and humorless.
"I'll call it Red Magic, even though that don't sound as good. I don't give a fuck what you call it."
It occurred to me that Jo was never going to turn the page and hear Strickland call the pathetic Stroeve a funny little man.
"If you're selling rotten stock to us, the chef is gonna throw a fit. - You're crazy."
It's time for the festival of fools again!
The penile power was a way to prove his manhood.
To filthy Tleilaxu?
"Well, they'il give her the shot eventually, and that'il take the pain away."
You can't givethis thug a job.
Coming over here thinking they own shit.
"""What do you call this crap?"""
I'm gonna leave your meat outside.
Don't be imbecile.
Sent by the fucking company.
Can you believe this? This from a guy who bought a dump so he could go through our garbage.
Shut up! Which means a lot of people have been breaking the first two rules of fight club.
An exciting life is a good Way to get yourself killed.
Death to the employers' organizations!
Stole a pair of dog testicles from the biological waste bin at the vet earlier today 'cause I figured you'd double-cross me?
Shut up. Vargas is gonna testify at his trial Thursday.
Irish was the one who sold Capri's grandson that shit.
"Hey,mr.darling,just thought you might wanto know There's a pretty raunchy sex tape gonna hit the web at midnight thursday If you don't pay me one million american."
She spent all day sitting in the house with nothing to do but take care of the place and shoot the shit with the mailman and see that the kid didn't crawl into the oven.
They're a bunch of frauds.
"They're tearing shit up down there, they need my help."
But you're white.
I know she's eloped with that wretch d'Artagnan.
Me massaging melted Swiss chocolate into your freckly buttocks?
"Honestly, I'd have sex with that guy."
I have to stay here. God damn it.
Get your shit and get out.
"She was nuts to put up with you for six years, that's for sure!"
We'll stick her in the basement.
My hand ... Caressed her slit!
When did Andy Bellefleur get to be so fucking hot?
"Yes, you can lower your goofy hands and do something useful."
What the hell..?
"It forces him to steal. And, if necessary, to kill."
Let's hunt him down.
"All those big grinning chimps, stuffed, hanging out of the fake trees, with their hairy arms and hilarious real­istic dicks and big human hands with real finger­nails."
Who the hell are you?
The murder weapon was dipped in Indian Blue Peacock excrement?
That was the only semi-fucking smart thing he said.
You know what your problem is? you are too anal.
"I'd get the hell out of here, if I were you."
Hang yourself; You will regret it.
You didn't sit on your ass.
Like the black guy bopping to that same beat.
What the fuck you keep lookin` at him for?
They'il wipe out entire villages just to get a few like the Balarans.
"He thought he was fighting one person, overcame that person, banged his head off the floor, then the stronger one, he comes up behind, gets the belt round his neck and garrottes the poor bugger."
"""Long hair, small brain""."
"I don't know where you get your delusions, laser brain."
"Say, ""Bitch, be cool!"""
"If I had a bayonet, I'd stab myself."
Of course not. You won't open the damn door.
Every Las Vegas girl-- -Shut up.
I want him removed.
With you getting plowed by a drunk Russian crime boss?
"Slow down, you two, for fuck's sake!"
"Well, why would she? Nosy plumber."
I don't even know why I bought the damn place.
Or is my brother gonna have to shoot your fucking teeth out of your head?
"His head split like a fucking pumpkin, when I stomped on it."
"""Why don't you cry again, you little wretch?"""
It looks like you're giving oxygen to your tit.
"You said I'd save lives, and that includes my people, you Brit bastard!"
"All right, I'm just gonna go up there... -Disgusting. ...and tell him that I'm pregnant. Just lay all my cards on the table."
You're fuckin' edgy and cool. Yeah!
"Oh, crap."
Dunno. Just says he's gonna bash my head in one of these days.
"Since Seol Gong Chan is such a high-standard man, so just starve."
The time to burn and kill.
Make mine black.
You're the one who's spying on me in the frickin' shower.
You are completely irresponsible.
"Hold it right there."" I mean... if you see floating little fat people say you're on a mission from God, they'll slap you some heavy Thorazine."
Delusional schizophrenic.
Damn it.
It requires the blood of a crusader... and his crucifixion upon a burning cross.
"If you have your main source of beverage as tang, You might be a little white trash."
What the hell? Why didn't the other villagers take her in?
They've turned into walking corpses.
"Close the door, Fat!"
This place is fucking great.
"It's just that there's, like, zero dicks in there."
"Give us a goddamn break, can't You?"
What's your fucking deal anyway?
Marry her to the Mountain Devil
What's all this bullshit with dying? - You want us dead?
What the hell do you do? What am I gonna do? Besides staying in my home for fear that you've designed some object I'm around?
"Actually yeah, good idea, let's hang back a sec and burn one down."
"I don't give a damn what you do, Derek."
Shut up in his room all day.
Just because I know about tennis doesn't mean I give a shit about tennis.
We want his ass healthy when we send it upstate.
And tried to turn everyone here into teenage zombies for your own personal army.
They stare at me like I'm a freak.
Think I'm gonna fucking let you drive?
You deserve a smackdown.
"Please, for fuck's sake."
Now I remember why we called you Pigs.
"I don't know what you're concocting in that little ant brain of yours, but we'll have no part of it."
God damn it.
That ain't fucking right.
Do you have to constantly shove bread in your hole?
"Mac, there's some crazy shit going on, and Mr. Green's death is just the beginning."
"You gonna be a little hell raiser, aren't you?"
I know it sucks being new.
"So, uh, Loser, what are your powers?"
"little boy saying, ""Buster, Daddy wants to tell you how he put the nasty queer man's eye out..."""
"He was a bully, short tempered, and had never liked James when the boy had been a Mocker."
You should tell the Priest and get rid of that ghost.
Sometimes that sickness strikes him with such ferocity... ...he's as dangerous as an insane beast.
That's why you're stillwearing her crucifix around your neck.
I want to show my kids what it looks like when a bitch dies!
"""When everyone said he was too puny and sickly, and it was a waste, and he'd just die young."
We haven't learned how to care to one another. We're going to save the fucking planet?
"Well, typical army fuck-up."
"It's unworthy, especially in these critical times when any stupid publicity might inflame the mob mind, to the detriment of both our nations' interests."""
"Don't fucking do it, Cunth!"
I just found out that Harry has a girlfriend. And I know that I shouldn't care but I do. And the fact that I do makes me feel so pathetic.
Politics don't work if the guys in charge are rotten.
He's not that smart.
Damn near tore my leg off!
I mean I thought you were a goddamn Republican.
You may be the universe's butt puppet but I'm its right-hand fist of fate and tonight accounts are comin' due.
Smell fishes fuck you!
"Shit, I don't know what the heck I'm gonna do."
So you're a moral fag.
"But they said it'd be fun, so I told those bitches it was a waste of money."
"'Which eye would you like to lose first, scum-bucket?' he hissed."
Get away from me before I destroy you.
"The wife and three kids of an aryan defector, Killed with a claw hammer."
"All doing it and doing it, and then stopping and having a fag and then doing it a bit more."
"Well, at least I know the wrapping's yours. Shut up."
Are you fucking kidding me?
"Oh, what a bitch!"
"Everyone else will get fat and bald, bring their kiddies to the match."
"Sleek, Sophisticated, Seductive."
"Piggy, froggy!"
What the fuck's your problem?
"You will see, in many respects, pork, or pig, .. .. Has similarities with humans."
Lark THE FORAYER BIOLOGIST MADE HIM NERVOUS.
"Don't tell me you're a sore loser, James?"
"He's no child. He's a red menace, that's what he is."
I want to learn how to blow shit up with my mind.
"I mean, that blood spell? It's some serious crap, man. Something's going on with her."
Don't even fucking let me hear about you bothering Lombardo.
It's dumb. I swear to God it is.
Can't we just steal that bloody hat?
"From August 1st, negro apprenticeship will be abolished in the colonies."
"Then, opening her legs slightly, she took his hand and placed it on the tangled dampness of her crotch."
"You won't accept a guy's tongue in your mouth, but you eat that?"
"Pete, you're killing us."
I hate your hair.
Want to borrow my jizz sock?
"Time to dirty her hands, and the rest of her."
"It was like, ""Fuck them if they can't deal with it."""
"Shut up, I said!"
"We're spread thin, sir, but we'll give 'em hell."
"“You killed him, and left his body here to look like just another victim.”"
That last thing in God's round world I needed was some smart insurance investigator hookin up with that smart little Scots doctor who was already mad as hell at the idear of bein beaten by an ignorant island woman.
"Yeah, that's a fuckin' surprise."
Quit bitching or else go get us that pizza.
Fucking learn how to hit!
"Holy Jesus, you scared the shit outta me."
Are sick.
"You know, lester, he... Damn near went bankrupt, And then he just up and died."
It was you who opened that sewer mouth of yours!
"Brian, I'm throwing your ass out for not paying rent."
"You owe me, you bastard!"
What's cock magic?
"Your Bureau Chiefs and generals are competent ‑corrupt, I'll grant you, but they know their jobs."
"Blast your eyes, madam."
"Cut the shit, Charlie."
And a warm welcome back to the cock magic championships.
I work just fine without a useless prick like you
"Oh, look at these mongrels."
While your mother goes and desecrates another tomb.
"The crazier you become, the more I like you."
This is stupid!
Old lady so sad she can't throw away amnesia chick's shit.
"I don't care how much you want it, okay? I am not gonna have sex with you in the bathroom!"
What do you shitheads want?!
"Now, I ain't a homo, but you have to admit he is a handsome devil."
And that's why we are crazy.
"You throw your red underwear in with the whites! Do you like pink socks, Motherfucker?"
"""This is a very corrupt little man; do you know that?"" Zakath said to Garion."
"I'd see his great nigger fingers whisk up my hotel... and deposit it in Denver, just as you did your gold."
"And if there were, some smart-ass kike would try and come up with an argument, try and prove us wrong, which would only make us hate them even more."
"As soon as I'm done looking into this asshole over near Beaumont, okay?"
Hit 'em where they live-that's my motto.
Sucks for the puppies.
"We have one agent that's a traitor, another one that's missing. Don't think I won't cuff you and drag your ass back up those steps!"
Every night with these old fucks. It's like 1952 and shit.
"You also kidnapped me, carjacked me and tried to scare me white."
"I'm the king of Vice City Like the Buddha, I'm Zen Like Beckham, I bend, I tell suckers"
"If you just listen -- shh! -- And stop fucking around,"
(SIGHS) And you... .. should stop pissing about.
Get the hell out of my office right now!
"You wave, keep your mouth shut"
"Now, you asked me to be here, and I am... but I have a lot of goddamn questions."
"No, short of walking into that room... with a bloody magnetron around your neck."
Cut out God .
My wife and I are going to commit suicide.
Tell the world you are the cruelest of all.
"A dump like this, Look at this."
And who the hell gave me this shit?
Have him crucified!
"Luis, let's get the fuck out of here!"
None. It's pathetic.
She was killed with that Russian gun.
"All right, get off me, you little maggots!"
"We're both scum, brother."
I gave them the chair for murder!
"Well, it's awfully hard to like someone who actively hates your guts."
You want them to like me so they'll die and leave us their money?
Your dead father.
"Lenore, have you had this little bastard's coffee?"
They're going to die without an antidote.
"Look, if you want, I'll take the hit."
You don't have to bite my head off.
You're literally a hanger-on.
"That much blood, and you'll be dead in a minute, maybe two."
Now either everybody is dumb... ...or it's a myth.
Blood-witted barons ramping the country from end to end.
Me... This bed's disgusting.
"I prithee, when thou seest that act afoot... ...even with the very comment of thy soul observe my uncle. If his occulted guilt do not itself unkennel in one speech... ...it is a damned ghost that we have seen... ...and my imaginations are as foul as Vulcan's stithy."
"I felt like everyone else was screwing like rabbits, and that I was the only..."
You can't just fucking leave.
Patient. Harpo.
"After a few weeks with you, I didn't give a shit what sex I was."
"As ridiculous as this scenario may sound, it is one more hit for your body to fight."
We used to watch him at the Palace Picture House... and then dance round the front room like lunatics.
Killing her was not part of the plan.
You kids are making too much damn noise.
"Remember with Etch A Sketch when you'd done a house and a sun at the top, you'd try to do a dog down here and you had to leave vapour trails all the way along. Oh, bugger it."
"My terrorist creators taught me that one, for damn sure."""
And now here you are-- a killer.
"The cults in this country aren't worth a damn, we all know that."
Not because I'm stupid
"For every time she fucking screamed at them, smacked them, left them on their own!"
Isn't that a pathetic thought?
A fitting grave for a slave of Trinia.
For the first time in a long while I can 100 percent motherfucking honestly say...
I got fuckin' socks.
'Cause then you'd settle down and stop screwing around.
I was gonna cut you in.
I don't give a good goddamn what you told me.
I hope you kept your ears shut.
If I find them... ...I will shoot once in the air to let you know.
Health Week... gross.
Get in the fucking car.
You get off me!
"You see a used condom, an executioner's mask, and a goddamn spiked paddle, don't think, just pack that bitch!"
"And you, you pathetic wretch, were the officer of the guard."
Damn it! Where the hell am I going?
She was young and cute and totally down to fuck.
"Why, will you lock her up, Signor Baptista, for this fiend of hell,"
Shitloads of unemployed people.
You sent the Ring of Power into Mordor in the hands of a witless Halfling.
"Goddamn, I said it was okay!"
Or are you too busy praying... ...to bring your little fucking witchback from the dead?
"You're an illegal, Okwe."
Get off of me !
She is a giant cold virus after all.
I wouldn't touch people like you not even with gloves.
I need to get my ass out of here.
"Die, bitch! we'll never see you again!"
"Who's a wimp, Sebbe?"
Why don't you want to have sex with me?
Fucking let the bloke go!
You don't see that a lot in the neurologically damned.
We got about 1.6 billion muslims deeply pissed at us.
"So you suck stones We form a perfect society, and that's why we want to make sure But since my soup is dangerous, don't touch it!"
We killed fourteen Germans.
Damn Waste Of time.
"Come on, point the gun at me!"
"""Harran, you son of a-"""
I had the worst morning with this evil doctor.
"I mean, I really like you, but I have to assume you're a little nutty ifyou really believe you're not beautiful."
Bullshit. I know Nixon personally.
"All races had losers, even conquerors, and Esanssu botched it."
At one point a large globule of brain tissue momentarily blocked the opening of the sucker.
I could be out fucking penguins with Jacques Cousteau.
I don't want to fuck around with gas.
Get the fuck out of my bar.
Are you sure that’s not just the sight of Robert Reed in the tight clown pants?
Max had sex last night.
"I kinda feel stupid talkin"" like this with the lights on and everything, but the house here and solid oak floors and all that stuff, and the plumbing wouldn't be nothin"" without you bein"" here."
"Oh, they'd torture 'em first."
Biggest damn Cessna I ever saw!
"Good, it's about fucking time."
"Crossing Whitcomb, then Oxenden, he found himself in Haymarket, strange in the broad summer daylight, its raucous whores absent now and sleeping."
I'll say I went bowling at the weekend when I was meant to be killing Ray.
I never thought I would be having sex with you.
Put away some money so you can die someplace warm.
I'm hideous! Hideous!
"Listen, I know this sounds stupid, but I was worrying for, like, a whole day that you regretted hooking up with me."
I guess because we had an ugly daughter.
But I bet I can now that you put a bomb in the synagogue.
I'm dying to kick her out!
I ain't takin' this shit no more!
"No. No, she's dirty."
You are Bob fucking Fosse.
Celebrate loudly as if you've killed Smith and my daughter.
"You should kick me, really."
"I don't know, man. - Bullshit."
"""Damn, so, he was really trying to whack Sergey Golovko."
Right? And I am tripping bear balls!
Get rid of him.
I burn them.
"If you're having sex with her, you get tired, just tag me in."
I hear he has a really big cock.
"Okay, I'm going to cut out the horns And scrape the infection from the skull."
"Tell me how I'm supposed to help you, cos you kept this goddamn thing a secret."
Vampires like you aren't a species.
"Shoot, I wish you would have told me."
They either worship him or hate his guts.
"Jabe's a very sick man, Lady."
"'Cas, where are your brains?"
"How was the bachelor party? You know, silly."
This is damn peculiar.
It is not like you haven't killed men like that before!
A soul sucker.
"When you win the Pulitzer prize, you know how much pussy you're gonna get?"
"Damned sure it can tell you where the bad guys are not, "" Noonan pointed out."
"It's like a bolt of lightning shoots out from the middle, down the backs of her tensed legs, up her spine, into her nipples, she sucks in air until her whole ribcage is poking out through the skin and then screams it all out."
"And if you're successful, you'll make money selling junk to crackheads."
"But south-west or south, you wouldn't; you'd get to the Fringes and then the Badlands, which would kill you."
"Alright, we'll find her a spot with a good view so that she can watch her daddy throw up."
Every now and then you get to put a fucking stake... in a bad guy's heart.
I just want to slap and shake you.
"You know, dear, I was terrified when she learned of her story ... that damned psychiatric hospital."
It's clear to me that Todd's strength lies not in his stupid tenacity but in his alliance with his insipid yet very helpful friends.
"So, allow me this tiny little pathetic crumb..."
"Deceitful, cruel."
"Go. Go to your night of disgusting, fascinating debauchery."
"You know, the pigs in the media describe us as terrorists."
He's as mean as a boar hog.
"'Chilly enough for you, witch?'"
What's with the fucking gun?
"Jacob, what The hell you doing?"
Where the hell do you think you're going?
Get the fuck out of here now!
Shut up! Are we so well matched that we have all the same thoughts?
I'll kiss Winston's mouth all day.
"I scatter, I burn my enemies tents."
"If you believe in God, it's Adam and Eve... ...and if you don't, apes."
"Holy shit girl, are you okay?"
"Shut up, Baldrick."
"You look like hell, by the way."
Holy crap.
The brunette ran her fingers down his naked back.
"Listen, you two-bit fucking actor."
"You, who are a mere thrush,and yet so much more."
"Had Popov been driving, he'd soon establish how fast this damned truck could go."
"Chiles liked to tell her that he could have been a damned good writer himself, but he had too much energy and “not enough glue on the seat of my pants, get me?”"
I want 20 million from these monkeys away.
You may still want to sleep with him.
The whole rotten bunch of you!
"""This little bit of a girl has over a dozen vampire kills under her belt?"""
What's this iron shit you ride?
Cohle! You better calm your shit right now!
What's the damn difference?
We call that sexual battery of a minor.
I am down with that shit.
"If you let Teddy die, no one would ever find him."
This guy needs to get his head gasket checked.
Are you insane? Didn't you see The Crying Game?
He halted the company and gave the men hell.
She looks like a lite brite.
"Woman's a fucking butcher, Hank."
"You go near his house,you go near him,and he'll shoot you."
Shut up!
You loved her since college. but you've always been too chickenshit to do anything about it.
Shit. Sorry.
"Men who have weathered terrible trials are wont to have dull and useless children to demonstrate their power, as rich Arabs grow their fingernails long."
I thought my little brother was gonna kill himself.
"Go,pick up the trash."
We just hope they bring this sick freak in our building to justice so that we can return to work at Max's Homemade Cupcakes.
"You know you don't owe me shit, right?"
Gaynor smiled like a demented elf.
"Not Mookie, he's fucking rich."
How can you protect your woman with that brain of yours?
"Wow, we're just moving from one shithole to another."
And so it was that the pig found his place in the world of the farm.
Cos we don't want our sex lives on your emergency sex show. (Sebastian laughs)
It's the only reason I'm not beating you over the head with a phone book.
I came down here to freeze my ass off sitting in this fucking car.
Although blaming a dead guy for the theft... is a good way for a dirty vet to hide his own nefarious drug dealing. Forty-two dollars for Lyle Diagnostics?
You shut 100% up.
I'm supposed to die in the ring!
"And you may believe me, I would drown them in my numbers vortex, or think them to death, if I could!'"
They're gonna lie through their lying little chemical teeth.
Seen two whales fuck. Been to three world fairs.
"No, I'm not staying In a fucking hospital."
Don't be chopping off my balls again.
"Anyone who thinks he's rude enough, let him raise a finger... because I'll tear his fucking arm off."
Or I'll sell her off to a brothel. In some shady street.
"Get 'em up, Pig."
Now let's get the fuck out of here.
Getting fucked in a porn shop.
So you're--you're gonna have to forgive me for fucking up. Because... I'm trying my best to not make that same mistake again.
"It looked like Marshal Nathan Van Cleef, the psychotic killer."
"Just fucking relax, dude."
"And as un-Christian as it sounds, I still want the... ...boy that killed Rudy dead."
"""They'll kill me anyway, just for being a Guard, and being with you."
"""Oh, shut up!"""
"Ex-asshole, as I call him."
The entire purpose of the fool’s vault is ruined if we strew gold and diamonds around the place in such a way as to lead thieves deeper into the caverns.
My nipples could cut glass!
"My son, let me pass... ...and I will dispatch Moloch to hell and you will be free to live a life of your making, not a pawn in his game, but as a loved one in a world of free will."
I said that shit.
"No, he hasn't been messed up in that shit for a while."
"The RMN's casualty lists were far shorter than the Peeps', but they were getting steadily longer, and Randy Steilman saw no reason to get his ass shot off for Queen and Kingdom."
You're a curse. - I've taken care of you my whole life.
You can still enjoy it... before it collapses in shit.
Ill get you killed or back in jail.
"Day, night, afternoon - Who gives a damn- Get the sake!"
Lock the fucking door.
Damn.
"Trust me or not, I don't give a fuck."
Get the hell out!
"No, bloody eat it!"
"So Lady Fuck-face gives us three new cheers to learn, so I'm like, ""Hey, why don't we just rock it commando, flash some snatch?."
And if you think deporting nine Autobots is gonna solve a damn thing...
"This is all shit, and to top it off, I've got nowhere to sleep."
"Apparently, everybody in this crap town has been swimming there since they were eight years old."
The waitress from Rosalita's wants to make a sex tape.
"You just got out ofjuvee, and now you're talking about... going out there trying to start some more shit ?"
Couple of weeks in this crap shack... ...turned into a couple of years a little too quickly.
Get the hell off my property.
"Then, once a month, they magically transform into these evil, grotesque humans for, like, 29 days."
Poor bastard never saw it coming.
Tell him to comb his goddamn hair.
What crap can she give you now that you hold all the cards?
"Fuck you, don't even joke. ...how I'd miss the smell of your hair, the soft curve of your neck."
"We have to save her. Oh, crap."
What shit is it a microwaves?
Keep an eye on the motherfuckers!
"You can keep the damn ring, by the way."
...I... ...shot and killeddetective terry crowley.
"This book of shit ""The truth straight"" and Anita Bryant will be a big problem."
I can't find my wedding ring. I'm fucked!
Plus I almost let it slip to Andi That I'm the son of the Devil.
How the hell did you get that?
Will you die for me?
"Yeah, and she comes in and it's erotic asphyxiation."
When you didn't put her ass back down on Triumph where it belongs.
I used the same fucking soap you did... and the towel didn't look like no goddamn maxipad.
"I repeat, Icy Hot on the balls, it feels good."
"Thanks, sucker."
Shut up. Kiss me.
"You know, you kiss them in the mouth. You let them sleep with you."
"It took me a long time to fall in love with you, Dick."
"Look, Karsson killed Jordan and Alana, then those two degenerates at crazy Betty's motel."
"Butters! We're trying to help you, Goddamnit!"
We're not here for revenge only. We came to get rid of Shaolin scoundrels
"You haven't offered any condolences or, shit, even said you're sad she's dead."
It's got a goddamn bomb!
This guy will suck your dick off if you let us go.
What the hell was that ?
"No, no, don't be silly."
He's being tortured to death.
"Well, this sucker is about to build a new settlement."
"He's nuts about that dog. He's nuts, period!"
The whole damn shelf is breaking off! That's what's happening!
"No, it's garbage compared to an envelope full of money."
"""Baby wants another beating,"" Jerome agreed."
"Get you therefore hence, poor miserable wretches, to your death, the taste whereof God of his mercy give you patience to endure... and true repentance of all your dear offenses."
We're screwed. Hector must have lambert doing this.
"Right now Comrade Otto Ludwig Piffl is tooling along on his motorcycle toward East Berlin, gay, chipper, feeling like a million roubles."
All criminals are out of their minds.
Even if it is a fool idea that people dream about and then go flat on.
What the hell have you done to me?
I didn't have enough to drink last night with you trying to murder her date.
"The steamer’s normally jaunty crew of shoe-brown Negroes has gathered at the rails to peer across the ocean at this peculiar sight—two ships tied together in the middle of the ocean, going nowhere."
I was rubbish at history.
Get in the goddamn car!
You've had sex with a girl?
"Then this guy's girlfriend, this real sexy Oriental bitch... she starts screaming at him:"
"These girls get their shit together, they're gonna do some karaoke."
"Nigel, get off your brother's head.!"
"You missed the whole friggin' class, Jack."
"Alan, the pathogen is on the island."
"Or, just throwin' it out, robot girlfriend?"
"Rolf was an animal, just like his sister."
I'm taking a hit every time you throw your hands up like that.
Get the fuck back to your desks!
Blackened bodies were everywhere.
I will shoot her in the eye!
"He will be a totally gross, vulgar, inattentive farmer who thinks of nothing but profit and loss."
Whoa! What's that stink?
Stop sucking it.
"Oh, shit! 'Zoe!"
But I'm afraid I love killing more.
Something hit me in the fuckin' head last night.
"God, you are a lousy dancer!"
and soon to be available... - Come on. For the entire world to dump its human waste in.
"I swear to God, Gwen can be just horrible."
I've only got my own bloody little office.
"Get the fuck out, go."
Where's my puss--?
Your place is among pimps and prostitutes.
Do you have any fucking idea what I'm walking into?
"If I end up dead, this guy did it."
I think the bastard's left the country.
Get the hell out of here!
But what if the coward dare not fight me?
"Jump ship to America, make love to women."
"And my ""friend"" raping me."
She was holding up the class writing all those silly numbers.
"Thanks, shit-brick."
"Burt explained to Nell and Harv that the house needed discipline and that he intended to provide it, and after that he spanked them all the time, sometimes on the butt and sometimes on the face."
This music is making soup out of my brains.
I need it to sterilize my head.
"Of course, now my mom's convinced that Stephanie is some kind of gold digger, trying to use sex to nab herself an Avery."
Didn't we learn that lesson from Faye's mind-bogglingly stupid behavior tonight?
"If you shoot me on report, I won't get no visit from my mother."
All I've got at home is one pony and two dogs and four cats and six bunny rabbits... ...and two parakeets and three canariesand a green parrot and a turtle... ...and a silly old hamster.
But there is a subgroup which I think of as the Evil Little Fat Folks.
"To bring home the kill, and dig the night."
Fucking mess with me!
"Come on, Cal, leave that shit alone."
If there is even a chance that this guy is Tully's secret weapon... ...we're gonna need a hell of a lot morethan his goddamn grade point average!
"Voot's greasy, flea-infested, diseased, mangy beard."
That's Jones with the skinny white broad.
Don't be stingy hogs.
"Oh, thank God for that. Oh, fuckin' hell!"
Pick that shit up when I'm gone.
'Blast.' he muttered.
"Want me to wake the dumb geek?"""
"You know, and I just want him to acknowledge The fact that he put me through some shit."
"Wrong paint on one door. But damn, he had some nice chrome wheels on it."
"Your mother... she treats you like any other Trag, doesn't she?"
The tits lack... gravity.
Shut up!
You hate Romans.
He shouted her to death.
"And based on the most circumstantial of evidence, you Would exile her to a Third World garbage dump that to her might as Well be another planet?"
"It's a dream that sustains you, oppresses you, keeps you alive... and then kills you."
Trudy got a cyst in her brain.
"You know, political stuff against the regime and a little trash talk."
"They're very complex, very sweet. They're very naive, they're very infuriating."
"Got 30 fucking minutes to take a shower, get a new suit, get dressed and get to the fucking courthouse."
"Okay, so how do I make him think I want to have sex?"
"Fuck, I don't know, would you go home?"
A goddamn pain!
And he still stabs from behind.
"Bastards, I'll show them"
You're a grown ass man.
I will beat your side.
"Every time you hit him with a shot, it's gotta feel like he tried kissin' the express train."
"They looked amazing, but then they arrived... and I put them on, and they hurt like fuck."
"Thornton, did you ever get that bullet out of your back ?"
Why did you fuck them?
"Burton laughed because ""yang"" meant ""human excrement"" in a West African language."
"If I were twenty years younger I'd lick all three of you."""
I'm gonna die handcuffed next to a guy named Bob Smoot ?
Goddamned if I know why.
This boy has no heart.
"Lloyd Richards, do not consider giving that contemptible little worm the part of Cora!"
No wonder you're crazy. A vampire made a meal of you.
Here...take that nag.
I never want to see you again.
I always get in the fucking back!
"Dean, open this door, goddamn it!"
That I had the courage to get up there and sing my own damn song.
"Vinny! Mike, get your fuckin' father out of here."
It would be worse than useless in a swamp.
"""I mean, you're all religious nuts, right?"
"Louise, where the hell have you been lately?"
"Only you're weak, and I ain't."
"My vengeance will strike down you and your offspring, because in the blood of your sons and the sons of your sons"
Just find your family dead and get thrown into jail.
"The radio turned on and off when you touched it, the lights flickered, the aquarium fucking exploded."
"Peter, don't you want to screw?"
"He's talking about a fake abuela, who's really sick."
"Against the government and the fucking FDA, that's who."
"Because of the heat, we only run that sucker through the night."
He's the one who screwed up in Bucharest.
"Yeah, very funny, you clowns!"
"Man, I got to do this stupid essay for English class on ""someone important to me."""
Or shit where you eat.
"Okay, Mr. Schwinn-fucking-Armstrong, who asked you to drive a bike?"
Cut off his nose.
"Well maybe, Cy, Mr Utter... would want to tell us about a wagon drive he took last night... and who was in concealment at the behest of that whore... used to work for you and how the morning's shit-kicking resulted."
I want to stay with the man I love. -Goddamn--
Because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... ...stupid.
I will not let you die.
Our shifts ended a half hour ago. We would have been screwed.
"I don't know why I keep falling for all the wrong kinda girls, and that's especially stupid when... the right girl is probably right underneath my nose."
But neither of us would have reached our present comfortable position freezing our balls off if we didn't understand you can't cut the throat of every cocksucker whose character it would improve.
We' re ten hours from the fucking fun park and you want to bail out.
You like having your life fucked with?
"Don't yank on it, it's not your pecker."
"Well, yeah, you drove me all over hell with a dead chick farting in the back of your van, what was I supposed to do?"
"Vietnamese, Koreans, don't even speak fuckin' English."
Or you want some more humiliation?
"Hey, hey, you're the one who threw the wallet out the fuckin´ window."
This is not the order of a general... ..nor the whim of a lunatic.
Can't see a damn thing.
It's a white trash fairy tale.
"Of course, I tried eating you, but your flesh was too spicy."
I want to apologize for saying your method was stupid.
"Remember - Gas, Ass or Grass!"
"You traitor. - And even if you make it through my maze alive, You'll still have to face my monster of..."
He has multiple restraining orders against him and occasionally slides into realms of such transcendent obscenity that Ethel has to yell out to him to shut the hell up.
Do you think I'm fucking around?
"It was lazy, nonsense talk."
"On the one hand, he was this lunatic who, you know, couldn't wait to get on a drum kit and just explode with it."
"I'd be killing a- - Look, I was only Commandant... ...until November '43."
He was so damned honest.
"Yeah, but you're not disabled if you're a midget."
"Get some rockers off their heads, knock 'em off!"
"No, your name is Sex."
Seabass: Where the hell you been?
But you always have been freaks.
You murdered me so you alone could choose where to bury the cross.
Why the fuck is John looking for you and Matt?
"Just forget everything, take the money, have sex with me."
That is a damn shame.
"Goddamn it! Pour the lead, Ripley!"
Put them in chains.
"Yes, black, and wait."
"Even if I did need someone, why am I gonna pick a glue-sniffing crackhead like you?"
What the hell have you got us involved in?
You want your slut ?
Or something like what that cluckhead gone on crack had threatened him with last week: a chopstick and garbage can lid for a shield.
"Therefore it is now by the court considered, ordered and adjudged that you be remanded to the custody of the warden of Leavenworth penitentiary and kept in solitary confinement there until the 8th day of November, 1918, and then and there be hanged by the neck until you are dead."
You're so goddamned inflamed about anything.
Look at those freaking hyenas.
Dammit!
"Society, men and women above the ruck and the muck of the water-front and the forecastle--I was appalled by their unlovely mental mediocrity."
Attack me or you'll regret it.
Wait-- didn't you shoot that guy?
"Fucking do it, Sonny."
"I don't fucking know, Stephen."
"You may think it's stupid, but it's very determined."
That's suicide. The heat and fumes would kill you within seconds.
I don't give a damn what it wants.
You're all pretty much fucked.
"You're done, you weirdo."
Get off me!
"Damn, you were hungry."
Do you want me to pull your legs off?
Are you fucking dealing?
"Come on, goofy! We wanna see the calendar!"
He's not stupid. a member of the fraternity is dead because of me.
I regret not taking a better shot at you when I had a chance.
Now stab yourself a little bit further.
Think I'm fucking around?
No! I can't even fucking drive.
The Big Jock would be slipping it to the head cheerleader on some deserted lovers' lane while far away in suburbia this plain girl with no breasts and a pimple in the corner of her mouth sang:
"Whew! Suck it down, Catty!"
So you fucked my wife to get back at me?
"My parents worked in a club called Pussy Whipped? -Puss-ay Whipped, dear. It's french."
Gimme the rest of the fuckin' bread.
Barbas has tried to kill us three times in the past.
"For the health of Rome, the Senate must be bled."
Just use horse feces instead
He could deal with her shit longer than I could.
Talk to your daddy and snoop dog for me.
"I gotta clean in there, and I ain't gonna do it around his carcass."
You don't give a damn about me.
"""Damn right it's what I want."""
Father might kill to prevent 'scandal' coming out.
They're so ghetto.
You thought you lost us motherfucker.
Wes has this sick little scheme To destroy vampires my making them feed on each other.
That is a dark human being.
Some weird shit is going down.
General Zhao Was killed in battle and my brother has become a traitor.
"Hey, ingrid. You tell him, He'll stop."
"What's the matter? You want to shoot dinosaurs, you're afraid of a little blood?"
Doesn't Song mind about killing Bijou?.
"""You're going to be the ventriloquist; I'm going to be your dummy."
I'm upset because I have to apologize to you for screwing everything up with that stupid app king.
Women will sleep with you if you write a bad book.
Many still wanted him dead for the gift he gave us.
Marla twists and says the police are speeding over here to hook me up to the electric chair and bake my eyes out or at least give me a lethal injection.
"Well, Gracie's brothers didn't like that shit one bit."
"Damn it. I can't go back to jail, and I sure can't solve these problems."
Tell him what fucking happened!
They keep making the same stupid mistakes over and over.
Fuckin' believe that?
I'll buy this place and have it burned to the ground.
We need to find that other bomber. And fucking quick.
"You think I'm talking rubbish, don't you?"
"""Most of the time you're ass deep in alligators."
I didn't. I was shooting at him!
We're gonna have to bury him deep.
The sheriff is gonna have my ass... (radio) You done with that tow truck?
I'm not the one getting fucking married.
"Just have to keep him safe for another 24, and then we can arrest his shaggy ass."
"""Nell Rayner -- are -- you -- you sticking up for that -- that devil?"""
"Okay, I'm gonna close him up."
"Hey, how's your narco girlfriend?"
All you brought was that useless ornate shield.
"Freak, that’s the Number One Rule, the only one you’ll never be forgiven for breaking."
"No, I mean holy crap, I found the Fillmore files."
"So, tell me, Ron, exactly how does the Suck Kut work?"
"His key female descriptors... were ""handsome"", ""romantic"" with several write-ins of... ""What a hunk."""
"He sighed because he knew that, later, she would accuse him of deliberately making her look foolish before the real estate agent."
"Those Serbians, they put their own daughters on the street as prostitutes."
"I'm not gonna help you kill yourself, Cath."
They're going home in body bags!
"""Bullshit,"" Jerry said."
(Oxford) It looks like a pig's foot!
"Sand niggers love gold, don't they?"
What the hell was that back there?
"You always have to do something foolish, Patocka."
"Even he could ignore it for a while, but he just wouldn't shut the fuck up."
"'And when I think about it, I'm tempted to try willing her dead!"
U-turn. I'd rather backstab them before
You can see someone kill in front of you... twice... and still hang on to your ignorance.
"My wife got herself a lover, and he was a wicked chess player."
Every week new RVs bring us new suckers who bring us new food.
"Caffeine is ridiculous right now, man."
And damned right they’d expected atevi to pick things up faster—give or take aijiin who wouldn’t budge and committees that wouldn’t release a process until they’d debated it to death.
I could buy the whole damn place if I wanted to.
It makes you crazy.
The shit tastes just like meat.
"Yeah, well, in a tight spot you can always drink your own urine."
"And Louis might sit down and die, the way he was feeling."
"Damn, woman. You still got it in you."
Bullet went through his brain and came out the other side and shit.
We have to go! I found a cab and his dodgy friend is about to assault me.
"Look, if you've got a death wish, I can think of less painful ways to die, Ray."
You'll get more pussy.
Ms. Gerster. - Yes? You are the biggest nightmare.
"You guys should recruit, 'cause I'm sick and fuckin' tired of walkin' down the street wait in' for one of these crack-pipin', ass-wipin', motherless low lifes to get me!"
You've got three seconds to tell me where the dirty bomb is gonna go off.
Right now I ain't got shit to offer her.
"We're hitting the press next week, so we're fucking busy."
All bloody day!
You get your own goddamn family!
"Oh, not his last chance to publish his work; shit, no."
"Now, I know it's crazy, but I just feel like I got a knack for this shit."
"I paid you! I gave you a fucking chance, and a chance, over and over, and you let me down!"
What the hell is Walter up to?
She loves me She loves my thighs
Monday and Tuesday she's a bitch Wednesday to Saturday she's a bitch
We are shooting this and the police are shooting us.
"And gentlemen, thank you, Mr. Tytus,we recorded an album, the record company peed in their pants, for the stuff was so shit-hot, but it didn't matter, since the target group wouldn't buy it."
I'm gonna just fucking kill you myself.
"I just wanted to mash her face in the cake, you know?"
Bearded pigs?
"Do you realize that there are men in this class with girlfriends and wives, and if they see someone as hot as you bare-ass naked, shakin' what your mama gave ya, they'll hate what they've got at home?"
It was totally a name for my junk.
"Nice shit, man."
No time. Fuck the backup.
I will never understand women.
What the hell? I'm probably dead anyway.
"Hey. No, I mean, Jesus, why you fucking breaking my balls?"
I could give a shit if 100 people show up
"Women pluck their real eyebrows... ...out of their head one by one... ...until they're bald, Jerry, bald above the eyes."
"Some whiskey here, a hooker there, and they'll walk right into hell with big, fat smiles on their faces."
"DICK Ben, what are you doing?"
"The original clown, he was not funny at all."
You used to not give a fuck about discretion.
Get the hell off of me!
They fucking poke each other on Facebook.
My baby... ...is fucked on cocaine!
That's a twisted fucking argument.
Can't you wear a suit and a wig on your fucking head?
I will fight him.
Worse comes to worse I tell everybody to go fuck themselves.
You're not gonna throw your life down the tubes... just 'cause we're incompetent.
You'll detonate it all by yourself.
Nuke the entire Zionist state and push the infidels into the ocean.
Virginia's so bad-ass.
You can usually tell us they've doing the voting by looking at the fucking election returns!
"you want a piece of me,you sons of bitches?"
"Which one of you little maniacs is marvin mcfadden? oh, yeah *"
"Fuck me, Alex!"
"Sometimes in my business, you do what you can... - hope for the best. - That's bullshit."
"Oh. Well, take me home, get me naked and I'll show you blasphemy, Sire."
So you snapped her neck.
I'm talking about some disgusting stuff that his family just makes go away!
"""Doan kill me, man."
"Sid's crazy, isn't he?"
"I said, ""I'll hire a lawyer, sue you, take all your money... ...and cut you off!"""
Fuck! My glasses fell off.
"Taking the dagger, he cut the throat of the unconscious youth, then walked back to the stables and saddled a gelding."
Everyone takingstupid pills around here?
"Hell, girls graduate with babies and meth addictions."
Apart from Mrs. Buchinsky being the wicked witch?
You're standing on my throat.
Of course it was her. She fucking hated those cats
"Now, as soon as this lunatic closed the door, he had to open it again... to make sure that the cat wasn't inside."
"One of them is a midget, the other one has a dick that's 15 inches long!"
"CEDRIC: Bennett, you sound like a bitch."
"But nobody ever gives a fuck, because they're mostly African."
"I've been a fool, Pearl."
One warning-- take your finger out of my face.
Hand me the die!
Strangest kind of people.
"Hey, you said ""bullshitting."""
"Punch with your legs, not your ovaries."
"You see, Sara wasn't satisfied, so she gave Ake... a map of a cunt so he could find his way around."
Barron killed him and threw his body down a hole.
Because she's a creepy little Stepford ghoul with dark magic and daddy issues.
"This here is a God damned free country, Dowd!"
"Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go and see a man about a wank."
You don't fucking listen.
"look at her, cursing... this whole world's just plain crazy..."
Your buddy may have been their first kill.
This goddamn family's turning into Noah's ark.
Foster's going to kill me.
"Oh, shit. You want to feel his shit?"
Listen. just call a fuck.ing ambulance.
Women's odours that your father took to bed.
City of the damned Lost children with dirty faces today
"300 pounds, and not an ounce of brain in their fat heads."
You want sympathy... ...you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.
Your infidel dogs don't want to fight.
She can whip 100 guys all by herself
"They're led by a madman, and he calls himself Jasper."
"Some Bloods caught him in the shower, took his balls off with a razor."
Put your hands on the fucking dash! Whoa!
He deserved to die.
Oh. That sucks.
I'll be governor in my own village and Dagonet will be my personal guard and royal ass-kisser.
What the hell is Brett Favre doing here?
"Had headphones on, big smile on his face Like he just didn't give a crap."
"The change that's come over him, the loss in weight, the way he speaks – he's sick."
The parasite follows the opinions of others.
"He can eat busted bottles and rusty nails, any damn thing."
"Six weeks ago,I was ordinary and pathetic."
"They started this business, but have no idea what the fuck they're doing."
It's not my fault if they can't deal with their own shit.
"Hey, you want me to talk dirty to you? - Yeah."
"I'm not going to put a complaint on to the mall this time, but, man, you gotta get your shit together. You think two guys in suits ar e going to be stealing stereos"
"That rotten attorney of mine, Dr. Gonzo, was gone."
Somebody takes a shot at him.
"Your friend Skye is an atrocity, and I must go put an end to this."
We take care of our shit.
Maybe I'll strangle him for the last tenth too.
"Yeah, I guess she could smell the sex in the air or something, right?"
A guarantee from a guy with a gun to his head.
Give me a freakin' break.
"You kill it writing it down, you kill it with a camera,"
You were born in the fuckin' United States of America. That makes you an American.
Dick was sobbing.
Just another goddamn stunning surprise.
Those bogus prospectuses must drive you insane.
Billy... ...this is the scariest son-of-a-bitch I've ever seen.
I said there's a great deal of ignorance in the world.
it is your damn fault!
"If he breaks your heart, I'm gonna take a swing at him."
''Limp-dick'' I know.
"When the temperature reaches 212 degrees, you will be boiled alive in your own bodily fluids."
"Because thanks to you, that ridiculous girl Candee won't leave my house, and that's Candee with two E's and no last name."
"But I had a friend get really fucked up and he got a tattoo in mandarin that's supposed to say ""golden warrior."""
Or I will surely blow my fucking brains out.
Every damn passenger.
Guy like this might be willing to kill to take down his next score.
What the fuck has happened?
A Qassam rocket is a fertilizer-filled trash can.
"""Take it away, Trash,"" Lloyd whispered."
Penetrating wound to the carotid.
"Only don't forget, every time you take a drink, leave 10 cents in the cup... ...or I'll blow your ass into next Wednesday."
Perverted scientists who advancean insidious theory called evolution.
Now that we know that we've been sucky boyfriends... ...we can change.
"I don't know, she can do fucking anything."
Old Smoot had been the soda jerk and manager for the pharmacist who owned the local drugstore when Graham was a child.
He loathes women.
"If my pa caught me with one, he'd give me hell."
I can't believe they booked us on economy fucking class.
Won't you get your ass over here and help me cut him loose?
"We stop and smell the roses, every goddamn one of them."
You ain't got a clean enough shot at my neck?
It is by far the longest voyage she has yet undertaken and its completion will signal that she's ready for our great journey to Bristol Bay whose unspoiled walrus habitat will yield an abundance of Damn it!
"If there is even a whiff of impropriety to this, if you have exaggerated or changed even the slightest detail, I will prosecute you to the full extent of the law for grand larceny and mail fraud, unless you tell me right now just what the ballfuck is going on."
The uterus and vagina are detached from the body by incising the vaginal wall just above the junction between perineal skin as shown in Figure 2.
"So, are you gonna have sex with her?"
You better hope it's clean. Better hope ain't shit on this record.
Doctors smell like ether.
I'm on a circus train that's full of midgets.
"So, you know, don't fuck with her."
I am going to turn you and your cagaling bird in.
"Just pay him, for fuck's sake."
He wouldn't do anything this stupid.
"Oh, Queen Kong, you're such a dweeb."
I listen to them. I'm aware of that shit.
"We're just about to catch the Santa Claus gang, we'll throw them right into the sack, those Santas!"
She was beaten mercilessly with a cane.
We will throw them back from whence they came.
"Saving you, stupid! Come on."
"Nigga, that's a bigass gun!"
"I really gave you shit, and I wish I hadn't."
"It's pretty fucking stupid, isn't it?"
You're such a goddamn wimp. What am I gonna do with you?
"Anything goes wrong with the casino, it's my ass. It's not yours."
"And enjoy your last month of sucking money from my veins like a leech that attached itself to my leg in the, uh..."
"Her fangs were ivory-white, and at less than ten feet, impressive as hell."
Your bullshit assassin! You paid him to throw us off.
You give up on killing us... ...and we won't say anythingabout your killing...
Should the coloureds be encouraged to go back to black or should they be advanced to white status and be absorbed in the white population?
"'Cause they're all from Honduras and El Salvador and shit. No, it's 'cause your Spanish is de la chingada."
"I spilled some crap all over my gray flannel."""
"Riggs was a tool, a cowardly knave dominated by a stronger will."
"Well, I got news for you, asshole."
"Oh, yeah, shit."
Get his ass out of here.
Let's just get the fuck out.
"And the Motherfucker, all three feet of it, was her chosen weapon."
"""What do you think I am, crazy?"""
"Yeah, I shot him, in the back or in the front."
"The Lord's stood enough of our dirty nonsense, brethren; that's the plain truth."
I make a joke to help you forget how screwed you are.
Bang! And I shot ... ... Both.
So I suggest that you relax about that shit right now. Mom?
"Have you ever seen him before you were drugged and put on a plane souring 60,000 feet in the air while our country's blown to shit?!"
Fucking lawyer's telling me they're talking about charging me with some shit from 10 years ago.
This shit was really disturbing and frightening when it appeared.
Have you noticed how much sex we're having?
You screwed the Deb pooch.
"To hell with it, she thought and began unbuttoning her filthy blouse."
"And don't tell your parents I said the word ""screw""..."
What the hell is he doing there?
"'What the hell do you think all this is about?' yelled David, sweeping his arm around the room."
We haven't done anything to deserve this shit!
"Watch out, Vernacchio, we're tired of your arrogance."
"Oh man, my fucking leg!'"
You mean you're gay?
"Serpico, don't you think it's kinda stupid taking an envelope from somebody you didn't know?"
"You saw hell yesterday, now you're scared of going to hell for all the bad things you've done."
"What the hell does that mean, lvan?"
Stop clowning around.
"Okay, so let's see what kind of losers we have this year."
He's sitting there playing fucking magic on the couch.
Is screwing with you that important now?
"Tonker, you are a crack shot, but after one shot whos backing you up while you reload?"
"You and your pillow-lipped girlfriend got all up in my stuff because you wanted to be cowboys, and then you turned chicken when you found out it would take more than speeches and guided missiles."
No shit.
No. You brought weed on the fucking airplane?
Fucking me isn't enough?
What the bloody hell was Colin doing with a Lime'ouse mini cab driver in Belfast?
"Derrown, known simply as the exterminator."
Which isn't necessarily a problem since I also ruptured your spleen and... tore into your liver.
you're disgustingly sweaty.
I'll bet the Nazis set the fire themselves.
your face is swollen because of the alcohol and you stink.
Even McFee knew him for what he was-a thumb-fingered idiot who could be depended on to do the wrong thing at the wrong time.
"I don't know what was on his mind, or who'd want to kill him."
I'm not paying you guys to watch TV. Now get in the damn shower!
You really think Matt could purge every sick thought from that head?
They'll raise themselves. Goddammit.
She called me six times this week threatening to face-fuck my dog if she doesn't see a draft.
Every time you pee then you menggoyangkanku... and put me back into the panties and I still dripping It was my way to tell you if you jackass
"Don't worry how he fucking died, bruv."
But nobody likes to think of their parents having sex.
"I said... I said this guy was going to come in with jack shit, which is exactly what he's done."
"Crazy family, yes."
"Now, I'll admit that when the bucket of goo hit the Asian girl in the head, it was hilarious."
Win that fucking race!
"Next time you plan on saving my ass, Tell me before I go to the store."
You shouldn't talk shit about what you don't know.
"Best bloody billiard players in the world, Australians."
"Ha-ha-ha. That's two words, jackass."
Who the hell told him?
"'I do not need a whore,' said Conn."
"The old man's hands shook so bad that Billy had been afraid he was going to drop the damn thing, but somehow he hung on to it."
What a nag.
"I took Opie with me, to get away from all this shit."
The geek shall inherit the Earth.
Handsome fucking guy.
Are you gonna be a loser your whole life?
Internet stock bullshit?
Shoot me.
It's very sad to see the beautiful islands in the Caribbean becoming neon-lit whorehouses for the Japanese.
"Don't be a fool, boy!"
Gregory is one of those paranoid billionaires who thinks that women are only after his money.
"Is that right, asshole? 'cause maybe I already called the police And they're comin' to get you!"
"Jake, he is a sea witch in disguise."
"'Cause look where you fuckin' live, man."
She would start right now by paying for being a slob.
There's no damn key.
After I make their tongues hang out for you.
This seven I'm about to roll... is for the 27 years Mandela spent in that prison and couldn't getjustice... and took all that crap.
"Your dinner goes to hell, and you drive Janet home."
Get the hell out of here.
"Enough with this ""anomaly"" horse shit!"
We could all be dead in 4 weeks.
"Well,then,your senses are off,because we are not having sex."
I didn't know you'd be talking about some... serial killer ghost shit.
I can't deliver a kid from my own goddamn neighborhood.
Who else would she get fucked up with?
"Nobody touches this shit, nobody even comes near it until the tech does his recovery."
They're not too shy in handing out the death penalty.
"Oh, damn. I feel a bit shaken now."
Just don't fuck with my stereo.
"Sighing like an old Negro cotton-picker, I reclined on the bed and smoked a cigarette."
Now you take it and beat your own son.
Those are the scariest kinds of lawyers.
"Hello, I'd like to make an appointment for an adult white lady carrying a prostate cake."
"What, are you crazy?!"
It'll take so damn long.
I give you a couple of slaps
My boss has me doing the most menial crap lately.
Gay future?
"Listen, if it should be a little fucked up game, forget it!"
"It's really going to hell down there, isn't it?"
"Well, then you know that getting blood out of leather can be a total bitch."
"“Good dog, good old Hakluyt,” the doctor said, calming the animal with some hypocrite petting."
"I mean, I know he's nice and everything, but he's kind of a wuss."
"I'm sorry, Kitty Cat. Are you out of your fucking mind?"
Are you atransient?
And we've both come to see the world through the eyes of rats. No.
"'If a free man accuses another of murder, and fails to prove the accuser shall be put to death.'"
"Poison, or the blade, or a knotted rope around your throat as you sleep.'"
I ain't fucking working for you.
I found out what he'd done and killed him.
"Got it, bomb the barrel."
You miserable little...!
You are insane!
"Yeah, but you do believe that the Sanguinista vision of morality... ...endorses slavery, torture... ...the rape of those who delivered us into the life before death."
Bullshit. We practically made out last week.
"You're crazy if you think you can just swoop in here, and... I'm weakened and you can take my power."
"All right, look, what the hell are you guys doing here?"
Finish him off.
"Never say anything cool, who writes this shit up!"
"You take this man down to the guest bedroom, you give him your best blowjob, huh?"
Get the fuck out of here!
"Chelmsford, as he called himself in Texas. Shot the Senator's dog."
You gonna teach 'em to be as sick as you are?
"Look, I'm ready to put him out."
"I really shouldn't be telling you this, but you look so pathetic sitting here all night."
You got the fucking Navy everywhere.
Julie was a curmudgeon.
"Everyday, coming up here and shooting food at me."
"If you shoot it, it will go far."
I'm not gonna end your life for you.
"Slaves appeared upon every housetop with gorgeous silks and costly furs, laying them in the sun for airing."
That'll kill it? - Maybe.
"Do it for me, I made such a fuck... an unforgivable mistake!"
"Fuck it, he can't hear me."
How can your genitals make phone calls?
"Your name is John, and you're just a hardworking, law-abiding, small immigrant businessman, running a shithole bar where you got... no customers."
"Well, I am-- I know I'm a star, but I want to be a bigger fucking star."
"""Don't be a fool."
"C'mon, you wanna fuck her?"
Nobody gives a shit until those shifts are in the double digits.
"If he doesn't pay, his fingers will be chopped."
"Bullshit! You tell ´em, or I will."
"You, like, literally transplanted a baby's butt on my face."
"I didn't do it on purpose, you idiot."
"I think someone's fucking with me, trying to get me to kill the wrong guy."
"I mean, I can understand a ""goddamn"" or two, but why skip all the way.. ."
I broke no fucking mallet. You fucked me one last time.
"Damn, she makes some good crab cakes."
"Lest you forget,she said my bloody name!"
"I'm not gonna say I would do something like that, but I can see how they get people into that situation where people go in there with bombs and blow them up and shoot at them."
"I'm hitting them, but they're not going down!"
Who the fuck you think you are?
Half the goddamn city just called 911!
Don't fucking follow me!
How the hell are you?
"Like, is his butthole touching my sheets right now?"
"Andy stood where he was for a moment, surrounded by the rocks and weeds and useless knobs of Son of a Bitch, that thankless tract of Jaffords land."
You fink maybe you'll be there?
"What did Daddy tell you about snoopin'? - Shit, yeah."
They won't stop watching... porn.
I remember the fucking absinthe shots and then that's it.
Turn around and leave the room with my tail between my fucking legs?
"Although I was obsessed by this C.J., I could not pursue her or else my wife would snap off my cock."
What did you do with my miserable half-drunk brother?
Right-- I wonder what the minister thinks of free sex?
"Oh, shit."
"""The great clown Pagliacci is in town."
Rowena would never love a worthless or an evil man.
Your friends are probably just screwing with you.
I got to go see Pierre who only loves rats and may not be left alone.
"For two bucks, let me be silly."
Holy shit.
She's the worst waitress we ever had and we've never been known for our service.
I wrote to management two weeks ago about these friggin' bumpers.
At that moment I imagined my barefoot pressing the brake pedal smeared with shit.
But you can kill his curse before he goes.
"He got it in lstanbul, through the neck!"
8:15. Shit. I didn't finish my paper!
Go find yourself in alaska And shoot a bear or two.
"That asshole you promised me you'd keep in custody, right?"
"When a witch is murdered, some of its energy stays where it was killed."
Normally he asks girls if they wanna watch him lick his own eyebrow.
So why don't you go do your job and have some goddamn faith that I'll do mine?
"Damn you, Birdlace."
But damned if she was going to walk out of town at night.
You've surrounded yourself with a bunch of weirdos!
"You know, you're a good guy, but do people tell you a lot that your head's up your ass?"
"Okay, go, go, you son of a gun."
"(* Bullshit !) I could have half the whores in Narbo for that, and their mothers."
I think it's stupid for you to do outdated research... ...when you could come straight to the source.
"So we get Warburg, we're gonna get our killer."
You so are. Why else would you put up with all her crap?
You wanna bring him back all the way to the fucking manufacturer?
He will be destroyed.
"I'm going to die first —"""
"He can dive into the jungle foliage, but they will sweep it with fire until he is dead."
"Clumsy, too."
Give me absolute power... ...to rid this planet of all humansonce and for all.
It's black. Black.
How about a little less talk and a little more getting the fuck out of here?
"I got five already, and this fuckin' place has hallways so tight you can't hardly get through `em."
I'm gonna see that fuckin' volcano.
"I had a really good time, and I was hoping you'd be a jerk so I wouldn't feel like I was missing out by moving to Texas."
White guys do this shit.
Gonna go home and give the wife the dirty business.
"So, you gonna do that shit right, or, you know, you gonna do a little shit on the side?"
I had to read it in the goddamn paper.
This man Pie is lethal.”
I wish you guys had a dick cam 'cause that's where that pole went.
Fuck it.
Lately you've been even more useless than usual.
I'm going with cuckolded husband.
She was a big clumsy-looking girl with brown dog-like eyes.
This drum machine can fucking play!
Hell here! Keep this gun. You're gonna need it.
They will never find a man to behead you.
"Someday in the madness of rumor which swept Q, they would kill him, someone disappointed in an application, someone who hated and found him a symbol of authority."
"If it's such bullshit, why was he keeping it a secret from you?"
"Cameras, film, videotape, home movies, shit like that?"
"Captain Noda and his men will spend at least that long tidying up the Bundok site, erasing all traces of our work, and killing themselves."
The bitch of it was I only had 108 minutes to bury the poor bastard.
You and your family... are either gonna get shot... or get a fîve-year jolt at Corcoran.
I'm sick of 'em all! Tapp!
"Without that jerk of an ex, I wouldn't have Lily, and even at six years old, she's my best friend."
"Well, marriage is hard goddamn work."
Do not call my girlfriend's pussy a dictator.
"Before the army moved in, the people of Mallorea were finding a great deal of entertainment in hanging Grolims up on iron hooks."
We were Category A... the highest-security class along with the rapists and murderers.
"And now I've gone and said ""shit""."
"For Christ's sake, let's get the fuck out of here."
This guy is a serial killer like I play for the New York Jets.
"I’ve been so busy lately, I barely polish my shoes. - ‘Cause I masturbate all the time."
Thanks for not urinating you.
Was the simoniacal and corrupt Pope right in considering the mendicant monks preaching poverty the equivalent of bands of outcasts and robbers?
"He hanged himself. Another patsy, just like Ben Conrad."
I'm an old dumb cow.
Don't touch my woman...
"But he won't do it unless dharma's in it, who can't fucking act!"
Stop fucking with my head!
Looks like a goddamn Viagra convention.
"Protective females were demonic defenders of their newborns, charging whaling boats and injuring or killing crew members."
What the fuck are you doing?
You think they don't know your bastards?
"This shit is between me, you... and Mr. Soon To Be Living... The Rest Of His Short-Ass Life In Agonizing Pain... rapist here."
I tell you to end things with his mother and then he's dead.
"Inside the house, the old women had broken into song; their pathetic frail voices were raised in some victory anthem heard through the large casement windows open for the summer breezes."
I thought it was just possible for the first time in 23 years... they might let me down for the first half hour. You're a phony.
Stop being such a pussy!
"Like sick, crazy cute."
How's he know about Miguel? - Shut up.
"Lizzie.! Lizzie, this is ridiculous."
"You got something you wanna do so bad, you'd risk your life you tell me, we'll do it, my way, on my time or we're gonna have a problem. And I don't solve my problems with goddamn incident reports. You take my meaning, private?"
"I'm having the worst day of my life, so I don't give a fat crap."
I don't give a shit!
Where the hell else do you think I'd bury you?
"In killing him whom she most truly loved, I have tried and sentenced my own heart to death."
"You were just the fuckin' catalyst, and for that, I ought to thank you."
"Oh, that would be lovely, but I have something I need to do. Shoot."
That same fucking concerned hubby in the waiting room?
What's the damn rush?
Did your brainiac dad tell you?
Don't all get cancer and die.
"Shit, yeah, Lucy'll probably know."
Fish are caught with a bait and Christians with a fish.
Put me someplace where I can fight them Hitler soldiers.
"A gross, slovenly man sat before a table on which was a large tankard and several heavy, metal goblets."
This pig has cheated me out of 2 million in cash.
It would be a suicide mission.
"Then she scowled and nudged Nanny Ogg, who was waving and mugging like a maniac."
"Oh, just piss off, will you?"
"In my school, if you read a book, it was more like ""To Kill a Sophomore."""
We got this paedophile on the loose in Holland Park.
I'd shove your face in if you weren't wounded!
"Find out what he says when he's sad, drunk, horny..."
"What the hell, Andrew?"
"Their silly little peace bouquet had been nicely arranged, there were even a few springs of green to give it that all-important town florist's feel, but they hadn't thought to add water."
'oooooss... sshit!'
"For what? ""a blowjob."""
The demon shall bear a nine-bladed sword.
"Matthews, Styles. Take him back to the cell. Let me die."
So including last night... that's three fucking damage incidents that didn't kill you.
Who is this man? What sort of devil is he?
Disgraced financial wizard Joseph Longo.
"Do you want to drive five hours to go rock climbing with her, and be expected to have sex after?"
I stabbed Lily.
No dog ever gave me a blow job!
"When I was taught these things, we had not seen what the whores of the Scattering could do."
"And when I said it if I had known I was gonna come to America and have the opportunity to play Ships Mast on the fucking Vanishing Point Challenger, I would have added a ""however."""
"""That is the damnedest thing I've ever seen."
"You're right, you do need a shot, Jonesy says."
"And everybody's dancing, everybody's thinking about having sex with each other."
Uncle Danny down like a dog.
I got no fucking choice.
Why don't you sit down and make me miserable?
Their hope is to be met with retaliation and ultimately be killed.
"""Fuck"" and ""you""!"
I will do the assassination.
You've got a bloody cheek.
It's hard to hear a small voice clearly if you're shitass drunk most of the time.
"If that guy doesn't lose his arm soon, I'm gonna fucking take it from him myself."
"Jesus, this shit just gets deeper."
Surround and drown.
Goddamn it!
"""You're too busy picking losers to put anybody down"""
Rotten profession.
"""You waiting for me to drop dead?"" he inquired."
Our mission objective is to fix whatever you screwed up.
"You know you're crazy, right?"
"Hillard, get your ass to the truck."
"Fear of flying, my ass!"
Then what the hell am I doing here?
Dirty Martini for the lady.
All you ridiculous 625...
I was going to throw him off a cliff.
It was my damn horse.
"if you punch me in the nose, I'd understand."
He remembered his firm determination that his brother must die.
Don't be foolish.
"I wasn't so much, I'll tell you that, nothin but a cook, but I know this ain't how Americans act, listening to some murderin freak in cowboy boots-"""
"I was going to prick you, but... this works too."
I bet you they're some ugly little creatures.
"They're gonna eat you alive, Suburbia."
A fool? I'm the fool?
It's ridiculous.
And they are crazy for me.
Get the hell out of my room.
"Damn, you got a nice resume."
Did you hear that shit?
"Or were you truly ethical, and then, somehow, you became crazy?"
"I don't care if your assassin knows I'm here or not."""
Were you a dork?
Yeah! Get off me!
How the hell did you find this?
"Girlie, I reckon you've got yourself a pregnant cow."
"Ha-ha, suck it, Larry!"
He'll be 4 fucking years old in April. Can you believe it?
"Albert, you're making me sick."
"Parasites and predators, but not like the sort affecting animals and vegetables."
"Things aren't fuckin' easy, Gina, you know."
I don't give a shit.
"Hey, your cousin is the dopest."
How long have you been a fornicating exchange student?
"Christ, I'm putting my tight little ass on the line just sitting here with you, Sergey."""
I'll fund my sister Asshole!
What's your fucking problem?
"And Chung Ling Soo would catch the bullet in his teeth, and then spit the bullet onto the plate."
Open the door. Shit.
He's gonna die if I don't.
Go nuts. - Cats is a show?
"""How funny if he would cut my throat."
"So long as I don't know where you growing it, and I don't have to see your fucking girlfriend."
I'm not gonna shit!
"Infiltrate British intelligence, sleep with a few dictators, maybe have a kid along the way."
"He has a two or three million fucking horse shed out the front that'll hold 8,000 people. I'm not in his league."
The Beast is a weapon serving a sick mind.
Rafter mumbled something under his breath and I wanted to slap him.
Oliver Hoyle was a simpleminded oaf.
"My mama used to say that America is a big meltin' pot. Because she used to say when you bring it to a boil, all the scum rises to the top."
"""Damned if I know,"" I replied."
"Shit, where's my piece?"
I haven't even had a Goddamned drink since I've been on this island.
"While I have nothin' but the highest regard for the Boss overall, in those two areas he tends to be what we refer to in the Mob as ""dumb as a stone."""
We've been driving around for one hour like fools.
"Ah, hell, she's nuts."
Look what they did to my fucking f ace!
Enough! Cocks fuck me!
The Phantom of the Opera will kill...
"Hey. I had nothing to do with that nonsense. Now, that's a straight up lie."
"Thank you, pig."
"They won't be fucking with nobody, man."
No butt stuff! Why do all these humans think we shove metal rods up their butts?
So you let one of them kill the boy.
"It's called the eighth grade, dummies!"
I'm supposed to be disgusting?
I hate greedy people.
What in hell was she about?
Maybe Duncan saw a rat and decided to do a little brain surgery on it... but I don't think so.
He saved our asses back at the Hub.
of Falwell having fellatio with a sheep.
The bastards nearly beat us to death for it.
"What the hell was I thinking,"
"I'm not talking about the inappropriate toast that you just gave at my parents' anniversary, or the bar fight, or the allergies that you caught from street plants while chasing fat kids."
"What's happening here is we're getting the fuck off this ghost ship, OK?"
Don't fuck with the pinkberry.
"Worst of all, the motherfucker doesn't even carry a weapon."
"Men and women who were not afraid to cleanse the earth of the physically and mentally deficient, of the foreign-colored, of ethnic and religious undesirables."
I have not had sex with your girlfriend.
"How can you look at an ordinary person, some innocent guy with kids... ...and then shoot him to death?"
"You know us clowns, we like to just fool around a bunch, you know?"
"Kerry, we are in the wrong fucking house."
He is dybbuk.
"And the ridiculous thing is that the guy who did it... told the police later, he didn't even know what ""moose"" was."
"Then how did he get in, silly?"
"When you make decisions for the wrong reasons, they can bite you in the ass."
"CHAPTER V CORRIDORS OF PERIL How long I slept upon the floor of the storeroom I do not know, but it must have been many hours."
"Ain't nobody playing no basketball when that shit went down, okay?"
See ya niggas tomorrow.
"I will die as surely as he did, though I will take longer."
"Thank you, Agent Clarke, for doing what your friends were too cowardly to do."
You think I'm gonna hurt - Get the fuck back.
I spent my whole life here… right here… in Candyland… surrounded… by black faces.
Get off of me!
What do you call a dinosaur that's had sex with me?
You kill vampires with wooden stakes or silver? Neither. You cut their heads off.
"But Geert Wilders, leader of the right-wing, anti-Muslim Freedom Party, was so disgusted by the Dutch queen’s “multi-cultural rubbish” that he wanted her to be stripped of her constitutional role in the government."
"I have to share a bed with a male intern. And I don't feel like rubbing asses with him, so"
"You're in a lot of fucking trouble, boys."
"Al Swearengen, the Gem Saloon, or you and Johnny as the fucking case may be."
"If he moves, open fire."
I want the name of the shooter you motherfuckers used on that priest!
Fucking thrilled to hear it.
Her father was a confessed traitor.
"Bite me, ruzek."
I mean most of us would just settle for maybe a slap upside the head.
Who cares about shit they don't have the balls to say to your face?
I don't have time for that kind of bullshit.
Wind up living in a fucking bubble.
"Oh, shit."
I want to find their weak links and I want to hit them hard.
She's a cylon
Why the hell do you think I recruited you in the first place?
Do you think you would have done better if you'd been up there? Shit.
What the fuck you doing?
Man: My wife is locked up with a woman who has the pox.
I want all you monkeys to be on time 'cause I'm not missing that fucking flight.
"Exactly, and I'm supposed to wear that every damn day."
"Now, look, Clarence, the more I hear about this Drexl fucker, the more I think you did the right thing. This guy wasn't just some wild flake. No, man."
How pathetic!
God damn it!
"I had wondered if I might know any of these poor bastards, but I don't recognize any faces."
"Of course I did! But I never masturbated in front of them, and I never..."
Did you call me a bastard?
"If I fucking call an ambulance, this whole thing comes out. You understand me?"
I hate rats.
I'm not letting you out there to get yourselves killed.
I like you even less dead
And what I can do... What I will do... If you don't shut up!
live in a big ol' crappy house...
"Stop thinking how ridiculous it is, and start asking yourself whether or not you believe it's going to work."
"Travis, women will always drive us nuts, But have compassion, For they only behave that way to protect themselves."
"I want them on her neck, her thighs, and her cleavage."
The ringleaders are Little Hitler and Crazy Horse.
He could take a hit.
I should... bite her.
How can you fight a war in this shit?
Tell her we're fighting a war on terror in this fucking city already.
And fucking Larry Barese too.
Of course his life turned to crap.
"Egypt went crazy, Amanda Bynes went crazier, and the NSA checks our phone like a crazy ex-girlfriend."
“I don’t care what this shank hears.
"I'm all for conversation, but maybe you can just shut up for a minute!"
"You're a mess, girl."
He was going to expose the cartel's lies... your lies.
He's the bomb.
The creture's urinating all over our pretty town!
"Sometimes I think if when he has sex with me Is thinking about, you know, me getting raped."
That was a great fucking movie.
"He had not been able to send all the world’s pollution out to Jupiter and the rings of Saturn, but he had succeeded in running at least two of the rascals out—one of them a congressman who had been feathering his nest as the silent partner in a parking-lot kickback scheme, and one of them a presidential aide with a penchant for gay bars."
You shouldn't be selling on Venice Beach with all this novelty crap.
You can't fucking hurt my brother.
But the only thing he gives a shit about is his own ends.
"Of course, if he was willing to get a job, he wouldn't be in this pathetic situation."
Who gives a shit whose fault it is?
What the hell does that mean?
"Damn, you seem to be an expert."
"We are not going to kill you, McCullen."
"Ryan's an ass, Sam. Maybe, but does that mean he doesn't have the right to live?"
"Why, why, why, of all the idiotic things he'd done as Admiral Naismith, had he ever established as explicit policy not to seek physical intimacy with anyone in his own organization?"
Who gives a shit?
Saves me cutting you an air hole.
"Your only purpose in this job is to keep us informed, so why don't you just do your bloody job?!"
"It's good shit, actually."
They treat us like dogs!
"Well, why the fuck not?"
It's his spit.
"How he reads the paper, picks his nose, what glass he likes for tea, what one for milk... If he jerks off, what he looks at when he... When he does..."
Shall I shoot?
"Man, she smells fucking sweet."
"But the only way to truly kill it is to love it a little, just like Ronald."
Turns out I'm not the crazy one. -Or the bitch.
"Know what I said back? "" No, Mac, I can't, but I'll bet you your cob pipe... I can hold it for five, 'cause that's what it's gonna take, motherfucker."""
Ridiculous!
"He declared the Roman church a whore, said that obedience is not due priests, that all spiritual power had now passed to the sect of the Apostles, that only the Apostles represented the new church, the Apostles could annul matrimony, no one would be saved unless he was a member of the sect, no pope could absolve sin, tithes should not be paid, a more perfect life was lived without vows than with vows, and a consecrated church was worthless for prayer, no better than a stable, and Christ could be worshiped both in the woods and in the churches.”"
The music sucks.
You don't think I was gonna kill him when I got the information?
Fucking people on vacation...
You ran over a hobo.
I fucked a pimp.
"We're tracking a couple of scumbags with one, maybe two hostages and a big metal suitcase."
"It's not their fault they're blind, but it is gonna be your bloody fault if they starve!"
"Three days, then you get your ass back in Betty Ford, or wherever you were."
"I need this, goddamn it."
You took a fucking shot at me and you hit my kid.
The elevator hates me. There's a lunatic loose on the stairs.
I can't believe you were driving that fire truck drunk off your ass.
"Pussy's Body Shop is one of your stops, right?"
And I cut my little finger on a tin can this morning opening some peaches... and it hurts like a son of a bitch every time I play a chord.
I need some goddamn help.
"""She hated him, she had a motive, she's all kinds of a liar, but she didn't kill him."
"Okay, it sucks!"
This bird is goofy about you.
It was only your ridiculous offer of twelve thousand dollars that made me even consider it.
"Listen, you wise-ass, we're here to jerk off that cocksucker until he tries to take off."
"Finally, my wish of going public with my illness can come true. Goddamn Jews!"
"Them monsters jump up and suck marrow from your bones!"""
You fucking pushed me to this.
Ain't you supposed to be my slave or some shit?
Burning with fury.
"Hey Manga, let Ram know that his wife shall die at the hand of Rajadis."
Our children will get killed.
"Get back and push, damn!"
We have to do this shit because it's hilarious.
"Well, his dad was a famous nutcase who was mad about racing and got stopped by getting hurt."
"Mitch, call a paramedic. Shit."
Shit! But I feel your pain.
"Dammit, H I, ain't we got enough to contend with?"
I'm saying you need to spend that shit here.
How the hell did that get there?.
Turn off the fucking phone!
"You see, as soon as these cowards hear a Blue Shirt's around, they run."
We're gonna die.
"When he looked their way they hung their heads and watched him indirectly, like inept spies."
Y'all don't think my wife's a nice piece of ass?
You're not bad for a pussy.
This will get you shot while you're busy trying to unstrap it.
"It's about the impossibility of actually connecting with another human being, because we're all wearing these carapaces, this casing, this rubbish, really."
"Talkin' about your fuckin'-- So what? You're so in love with stacking crates in that freezer... two nights a week on agency pay, not willing to consider your options?"
"We need a plan of action, cos we sure as shit can't call the police."
"He didn't, maybe because he read my eyes: better that Anderson hear stupid mistake than on purpose."
It's hard to believe this shallow braggart is the guy that wrote that great poetry.
Isn't that the noodle shit?
Then what are you trying to do with this tawdry little cum-shack?
"Get out the bloody way, Felix."
"Well, then I fucked our son."
"Johnny: you kick me again And I will leave you here to die, I swear!"
"Then we'll see where your equipment is tomorrow, motherfucker!"
"Fuck you, I have to get to Munich"
You look like something awful.
Now paddle! Shit!
"With me, kissing is usually just a prelude to sex, but last night, sex was the last thing on my mind."
"What are you looking at, you scum?"
And then there's you-- a fuckin' breadstick in a bow tie.
Bet you don't get much pussy with a face like that.
It seems he's a killer? with cold sβnge?
Do you wanna see French pussy?
"We take him to his car, tell him to get the fuck out of town or we're gonna kill him."
"After fifty years of confirmed agnosticism, it seems to be my fate to follow an old black woman's God into the jaws of death."
To rip the soul in seven pieces!
"What the fuck was I supposed to do, huh?"
Lmagine what three goddamn nukes would do!
Damn thing.
"""I go back to sluts' quarters, sir, as soon as you release me."
How big a putz you think I am?
Credit card receipt from your trash.
If you must die you should die for a greater cause
"To pay for this, an innocent victim must die. Me."
I really hope this tree hugging crap isn't on the final.
I'll be your mugger tonight.
"They're all good, dammit."
They're sick of you.
Shooting your mouth off in the papers.
I cleaned him up after that monster who raised him damaged his spirit.
Lacey just lost her baby because of this son of a bitch.
Let the old man beat you because he's sad... he has his load on.
"What the hell? You let this guy go, he's going to the cops."
I both hate you and want to be you.
You made a deal for a fucking $ 1 8 million... ...without even checking with me?
He drinks coffee and he doesn't give a shit about us.
"""Get your ass out on the street."""
"I know the ones worth knowing. Dickie, hell."
People who listen to them will go to hell too.
YOU are bad.
What the hell is going on here?
"Yeah, but don't crap on the carpet every time you're sick."
So it's flipping useless!
He treated me like shit.
"Hugo is evolving from a fascist to a Nazi,"
"I'd advise you not to play the clown with me, Tarrant."
I won't allow our young clansmen to sacrifice themselves in vain with you maniacs.
This time we can just cut out the Obi Wan Kenobi crap and save me the trouble.
It's not black yet.
Bloody waste of my time is what I call it.
"I can smell her tacky perfume on his clothes, so... I punched him in the face."
"No, but I ask you this...who here is more pathetic than a bird!?"
Hit the guy.
Forget your damn homework!
How the hell have you made my life better?
"If we're too late for Edward, I'm going to do my damnedest to get you back to Charlie, and I don't want any trouble from you."
And he'll probably kill whoever did it.
You will replace every one of those goddamn bran bars.
"Brian was still sitting with his chin down on his chest, giving me his fucked-up Napoleon look from beneath his brows."
"You will lift the curse, Sorcerer."
I hope I didn't... make a fool of myself.
I will not fucking die for this!
"'You are an irritating man, Grymauch, and I don't know why I keep you around.'"
"Whether it's alcohol, that gives him a false sense of strength or the front man in Metallica or, you know, macho bullshit and all that stuff."
"Don't make me fucking do this, man."
So tell your wife to return that little shit of an Imp to King's Landing.
"I'm sorry, but you gotta get the fuck out of here now."
Sicilians were like wops from northern Italy.
Burning my mouth.
Seven fuckin' months.
U.S. History? Crap.
"You know, in case he drops by and guts you all like fish."
Otherwise... otherwise I swear by you... I will kill myself.
"My God, everything is black."
Just mace the pervert and get him out of here so I can go to bed!
They'll get us dead sure now.
"Max, if I were you... I'd get the fuck out of here right now."
"Instead, its disgusting mouth sucking ceaselessly at the night, it collapsed back into the pit."
"No, let's save the poor devil."
"She has no depth, no intellect, no interests."
"Molly, I don't understand how you could ..swallow this crap."
I regret not taking a better shot at you When I had a chance.
Eat your fucking waffle.
"She screwed us, Nate."
There was poop in there.
Lock this woman up!
Melissa and I had sex.
"Dirty one for me, Forrest."
"We told him to fuck off, like, gave him a chance, but he wouldn't go."
"Yeah, well, it's the middle of the freaking day."
"It would've been worse for them, all we'd have to do is bury them."
"""Shit, that's right."
"Listen, slut...!"
"Such as, uh, ""multiple orgasm."" - oh, no, no, I don't think that would"
"Oh, shit, that's even worse."
"Now, one baby in, and I'm gonna ruin my bum cheeks."
I've already got an annoying know-it-all guy who sits on my couch that I don't have sex with.
What's ridiculous about it?
I say let him freeze to death.
But in the end... ...all you can do is try to hang onto the fucking job.
"They don't have the explosives, or even the damn tanks."
Why the hell should I believe you?
"They'd make you laugh your ass off, then turn you to tears on a dime."
"I fucked my fucking life, man."
"I hope you and Ding Dong enjoy playing grab-ass, 'cause I got a bag full of misery, for ya. What is it?"
I heard some growlin' and shit out in the yard.
He's a narcoleptic.
"Blew down it like the dank suck of wind which follows a fast subway train, pulling sheets of newspaper and candywrappers after it, and the lips were withdrawal, and he thought For Christ's sake don't let any of it out through your nose but he couldn't help it and oh that stink, that stink that fucking STINK."
"My mom's gonna put on a show for her guests, but everyone knows it's a Thanksgiving lie because they've been having a hard time ever since my dad cheated on her with some whore."
"Ash, for once, take me at fucking face value."
"When I come down, I'm gonna smack you."
"You're grunts,nobodies,the bottom of the surgical food chain."
We only see his bloody shadow.
"They like you, dammit."
I think if they did not shoot him the war would be over now.
Curse these flat feet.
I'm here to fuck my cousin's girlfriend.
You're gonna wave the baggy in front of his face and then flush it down the toilet.
Meticulous planners like this don't do well with exposure.
I'm cracking his chest.
What makes you think I would trust a bunch of lying grifters to keep their word?
She's like mouth herpes. The gift that keeps on giving.
The whole place will burn to the ground.
He was always morose.
"Stupid, I gave that CD back!"
"Sir, who would you like to visit? The sick."
"I was left staring down at the empty space on the rug, on the fallen cane that gleamed black and abandoned in the hotel lights, and in the silence the mad tinkle of that damn fountain sounded as loud as thunder."
Even inject them with poison when they were too feeble to do it for themselves.
"You see that nigga's face, man?"
Maybe my father was dirty.
"""I'm not going to take any crap from Malfoy this year,"" he said angrily."
Get the stone back from the brat!
"""What the fuck is going on over here?"""
I'm tired of your nonsense!
That shit is emptier than a michael bay joint.
"And you insisted on bringing every stuffed animal... the pig, the kitty, oh, and this very ugly dog."
If we do a controlled explosion... Pupp!
"""What the devil are you trying to do?"" growled Jenssen."
Where are the goddamn guns?
Those birds are psychotic.
"Let me go, goddam it!"
"I don't give a shit, Dee, okay?"
"Yeah, see, I can't tell if you're full of shit or not."
"Damn it, how was I supposed to know that the U.N. had all those awful political meanings for him?"
"Lives with cristina, dates the perfect 12 year old... man-whore... his wife It him after 25 years of marriage."
"Yes, I fucked up."
Place would've burned to the ground if not for this man.
"I still got a sore ass from that, Potsie, and I got a long memory.'"
"They're heading there now, and they're gonna shoot their way out."
They're sick and getting worse.
Your bloody Yanks!
Bros befo' hos. And then you screwed my girlfriend.
"And don't you fucking say a word, Masuka."
Pregnant vagabond?
"Are you crazy, Paulie?"
I'm going to kill the toxicology report.
What the fuck is wrong with you ?
We're gonna give him a shot.
"Well, I guess she didn't want her legacy to be another fucking yacht club."
What did this poor bastard do to piss off Gus?
"""I hate nuns,"""
Just like I made David no better than a bastard... when I sent his mommy to the ocean floor to have tea with the tuna.
I started to give a fuck... ...and brought you guys along with me.
"We got every mob in town, East Side, West Side, ready to pull together, share that good shit that Prop Joe is putting out there."
"You took your jerk pill today, huh, Arroyo."
Get the fuck out of my house!
Better still in front of a firing squad.
"We don't need a tracker, we need a fucking guide."
Burn!
"God damn it, Max. We gotta roll, man."
What the hell did Peter do to Cops?!
How can you be so fucking sure?
"As for Bill, he's screwing a student."
You scared the shit out of me.
"Then you're looking at impotence, penile infarction or gangrene, so if you want it to fall off... no, no."
I don't really give a shit what you're doing.
Burning man
This is the garbage can of the educational system.
"If you want a shot, you got one, but you don't have much time."
Christ... he's gone insane.
"She was quick enough to try to kill me!"""
Enough bullshit. I expect to find a bag... in this locker at Down Neck Station by midnight.
"Just get us in the damn garage, man."
"Man, somebody crazy down there is getting on my nerves."
"Is that why you became a Nazi, to talk about Jews incessantly?"
Lesson one: third's job is to do whatever the fuck I tell him.
Certainly not. I just wondered whether another man equally weak-willed and feeble might do just as well.
That's pride fucking with you.
Shut up yourself!
And here you are. Hitting that woman was an accident.
There's lots more I'd like to know about you Harry Tristan Dean but if you insist on this ridiculous crime spree what's the point? Excuse me.
"Lip, you can't tell her that shit."
I just wanna grab these people and shake them.
Are you out of your mind?
"Okay, cheetos are fucking delicious."
Fourth to kill those who commit treason
There won't be a next time. Now fuck off.
Girlfriend left you; You got your ass kicked.
Your android brain is capable of so much more.
I told you he was dumb.
"I want a name, asshole!"
"We ain't there, so we don't know shit."
"What, he held her down, spread her legs... ...jammed himself up inside her...?"
"Ideal couple, my ass!"
"But, Mother, Hook is a fiend."
Wouldn't be in this damn mess if it wasn't for you.
"And he would never do anything to hurt me, so why on Earth would I tell some cold-hearted bitch anything that would ever hurt him?"
Two nights on my couch and I will get inside of you.
'Your brain works with all the subtlety of a malicious child.'
Little White Man... ...fool poor Pawnee.
I lost a valuable fucking member of my team today.
Burn it all down.
I wear all this crap to piss my dad off.
They'll kill me with laughter.
"Don't worry, sweetie. Daddy's stupid, too, and he became a lawyer."
Our pig hasn't given birth.
"What had Mrs. Camber done when she and her boy had returned from their little trip to find that Joe-a world-class shit, according to everything Ace had heard-was dead and gone?"
Kathy is a mess.
Get me saline solution and glucose and something to hang them from.
"""Tell them when in doubt to shoot, and shoot first."
"Hey, he's my father, don't you fucking hurt him!"
"If he's crazy, like his dad, he hid it well."""
I fought a fucking war for you!
"Plus, the janitor wanted to kill me for forcing him to have a wedding ceremony."
You just wipe your mouth of him.
Did you come to camp for justice or to make your fucking way?!
What's this murder shit?
"Oh, you're worse than she is."
"You'il even have fantasies about alien civilizations, as you requested... but in the end, back on earth you'il be lobotomized!"
"Someplace crowded, and I'll have the knives taken off the table so Lemon won't stab me in the heart."
"When a soldier is plucked as a child and raised to know no other life, they will kill without question and die without complaint."
Out at kick 'em jenny neck.
"And the only thing they can see down there... ...is the light fromthis big, horrible creature... with razor-sharp teeth."
It's totally fucked up.
By being a pussy and letting him get away with it?
"Well, I want half, or you're dead !"
The fucking stripper.
Twice in the chest and once in the head.
"I mean, he was poor, he was starving, he was fucked-up, he needed a break badly. He had a really fuckin' hard time."
"Remember that I have power; you believe yourself miserable, but I can make you so wretched that the light of day will be hateful to you."
"Don't you find it ridiculous that from day one, they tell us to be unique, to be individuals, then they give us a standardized test that makes us all one faceless herd?"
I don't give a shit what he promised you!
Stop screwing around and open the door! Please!
VIRGINIA: How does an orgasm feel for a woman?
"Don't worry, I'm not gonna go into any stupid trance or anything like that."
And I don't want an ugly wife.
I hope you told them no fucking way.
"Your face is swollen, your eyes black.'"
But Henri died at the hands of a lunatic and a scapegoat was required.
You're not the least stupid.
Do you know what he's gonna do to us? I'm an idiot.
"Mi casa es su casa, nigga!"
Shut them all down!
And you look like a demonic succubus.
"'Marcus reckons he's done it with two lesbians, lucky sod."
Pure dumb luck for Vassell and Coomer that the medics didn't tell us immediately.
I didn't think you'd carry it like a fucking disease.
Plotted with him to kill Zetrov's founder...
This guy's a loser.
"If she doesn't get any medical attention, she's going to die."
"Damn, I'm supposed to be doing Secret Millionaire."
Don't kill him. We need him to disarm the bomb.
We're dead. Just dig a grave for both of us.
"There were hundreds of images, all... all of this surveillance footage being captured by the damn jackets."
"You jig and amble, and you lisp. You nickname God's creatures... and make your wantonness your ignorance."
"Kid. I swear to you, you get me out of this mess, and I'll tell your dad you wrote Big Fat Liar,"
I considered committing suicide.
"Alexis saw him raising his gun to shoot Jonathan, so she struggled with him and killed him."
Which means that I will have to dispose of you eventually.
I don't want your damn hair.
"At heart he was a coward--she had known it since first she had heard him brag as, a visitor at the court of her father, he had sought to impress her with his valour."
"I fucked up. So I've got to go, right?"
"There were always rumours, you dunderhead.'"
"Yes, yes, we will help you, Lesbian Hair."
Just how well do you know that freak with the basketball?
"No, he will not have you killed."
Tell me again how rotten he is.
"Tell you what, I've got a roll of Mexican I've been trying to get rid of."
"We're spread thin, sir, but we'll give them hell!"
I am a professional fucking thief.
What's the most fucked up thing I ever shifted into?
"Yeah. And you are sweet, simple, and bull-headed."
"You don't understand, pussy!"
Holy shit.
You are evil.
These prisoners of war will be executed within a week if our demands are not met.
It's too damn cold and noisy for them.
Missy is fucking dead! Okay?
I'm so pissed at that kid.
"Your piss is clean, good job! I'll see you next week."
I fuckin' hate dogs.
"They weren't as quick as rattlers, nor did they have the striking range, but they were mean and nasty."
I cannot get near the damn things.
Not be on the street where you could just shoot me.
"Oh, whip me baby."
They were junkies.
"My stupid mouth, my mouth..."
Thank you. Tell him not to jerk off with a noose around his neck.
Kill those fucking lights.
This ain't no damn negotiation.
How many nights and weird mornings had this shit been going on?
“Got paid for it with a bullet at the back of his head.
"Barnes, they got enough rice here to feed a whole fuckin' regiment."
I'm not being silly!
Your undisciplined human frailty causes nothing but chaos!
You're up to your shorts in an attempted murder or murder of a police officer.
You’re damn right!
"Murdered them, murdered them"
I lie to everyone I know... except my victims right before I kill them.
Geoffrey was going to die anyway.
He acts like we haven't been screwing like rabbits for the past week and a half.
Damn it. It's not him.
You defend yourself with a punyvile ofcat piss?
"That is a political question, Comrade Chairman,"" Bubovoy concluded, meaning that it wasn't his ass on the line, exactly."
Successful women working their asses off... to stay that way?
It sucks.
But a genuine badass... Who can really kick ass.
You got fucking tapes?
They are going to have sex.
"I'll probably never see her again, so thank fuckin' Christ."
You just mind your own fucking business!
"Next time, be more decisive. Shoot... quicker."
I don't have to worry about that in LA. Not with you skinny sons of bitches.
"""I don't give a ****!"""
"He's a 5'10"" psychic detective, which is more than I can say for that mean-spirited daughter of yours."
What the hell did you get me into?
"Bust her again, it's attempted murder."
"Yeah, so how do we start? Oh, fuck."
"""She's killing enemy wounded and marking their bodies for the water-recovery teams."""
"One in every 10,000 telepaths has telekinetic abilities... ...and half of them are clinically insane."
"I say we go get 'em now, bring back their bloody heads on pikes."
"If I maintain the truth against your wish, then I can expect go through Hell."
"No, but fathers are. Especially ones whose kid tries to kill him."
"‘Are you so eager to die, Strike Leader Tasemu?’"
"It might be bullshit, but I thought you'd better know."
"No, your love is fresh. I want it to rot."
"The sooner you guys get the fuck going, the sooner you'll find her."
I'll kick the- Out of a platoon full of Marines.
"You got an Uzi, you is gonna get some serious bitches."
Enough so your children can remember your fuckin' face.
"sink, square pedastal"
They were kicking the shit out of these two numb-nuts because they couldn't pay up like they were supposed to.
"""You out of your mind?"" said Brough."
What the hell.
The pervert you keep locked away in the attic?
I imagine that one of them will break a leg.
I've consulted you on every damn thing I've ever done!
Damn! Where do we go now?
If you want me to do a proper autopsy-- - Cut him up?
"Dumbasses, did you hear what I said?"
"Years ago, people would've thought you were a homosexual, using a word like ""expansive"" ."
"My old man used to tell me, before he left this shitty world, the right woman can make you and the wrong one can break you."
Do you want to get my head chopped off?
You must be crazy! - Half the Russian army's looking for you!
"But when I die, I would like an honourable death."
You gotta admire the orkhayss on these fat cats.
"Why are you always coming in and out of here, you make me sick!"
Being good at fighting and killing people is nothing to brag about.
Do I hear a bitch pitch in your voice?
Her tongue licks out over her little sharpened teeth.
"I haven't slept in 30 hours, and this bitch says I can't have my room."
Freaking nasty. That's what it is.
Did you and Ricky think of that before you barged in and burned the fucking thing right to the ground? - Come on.
"No, no black market shit, just regular market shit."
I've fucking had it.
"The shrewdest, cleverest, most ingenious criminal in all the world."
"And I don't even know if I really know what love is, you know, except a thing that I fuck up all the time."
You must insert your hands... and push the buttons to start the devices before you. Your bones will be crushed to dust.
Kick him.
Let's shoot the code and call SFPD.
"I think I will miss you Most of all, Ridiculously old fraud."
But now there are side effects which fucking rival the syndrome.
"I should be at home, cooking for my 9 fat children and my impotent husband."
"Damn, Rooster. As soon as I get myself caught in the middle of some shit, you just gonna up and leave me like that?"
"You hear your slaves, sorcerer?"
There's no fucking cabs in brooklyn.
Castor reached again for his belt switch; he shut up.
Kill the doctor.
"Arne, god dammit, we've had frozen pizzas for five days now."
You sleep with my woman!
You're weak.
He specializes in the guts of priests.
"We became acquaintances, and one evening, over a glass of wine... ...I confessed to him what I thought of his horseshit all those years ago."
"Satan, my Lord!"
How good it feels when you shut the fuck up.
"Great, now I feel like a jerk."
"Shut up, boys! - ... they ask me at school... ... and at home"
"So, whatever happens, stay the fuck calm."
"One fucking hit to get us over this long, hard day."
A bully.
Rousted my ass out of bed 10:00 in the morning.
What the hell is this meathead doing?
Percy loved all that cold war spy crap...
I want her gone.
"Do you really believe in all this crap, man?"
You may be able to destroy my mind.
"You know, I got into that school. - Cool. Kill me."
Crap.
"Handsome fuckin' guy, eh?"
Get back to your fucking tribe before you get hurt.
"After I'd listened to them a while and was positively sure they were rats, I called the manager himself to complain about that, again without satisfactory results."
You're gonna wish I was the police when I'm done with your ass.
"London... the world... ...it's all so far away, useless and strange."
"One of the piglets sidled up to the table for their order as Spam greedily took stock of her big red eyes, crooked blond wig, and hairy legs."
"""You think I'm a bastard, don't you?"""
What would you say if I cut off one of your beautiful ears?
Some little monster!
"Once the alarm sounds, they can't be opened. Ridiculous!"
"Come on, Jackie, hit him!"
If it were true the boy who exercises his sex organs regularly would achieve the greatest sexual experiences in later life.
"It's funny when you think about it, 'cause, really, Brad wasn't shit back then. And Robin kind of was."
"Go to hell. You're outgunned, Archer."
"A secret panel that ain't there is the best kind there is, the reason bein', no bugger can find it."
You'd have us hunting for a Babylon candle while some other witch finds our star. Fool.
"I told you. ""Short Shorts."" Number two with a bullet."
You're a phony celebrity.
This kid could kill a Z at 50 yards away with a rubber band and a paper clip.
"Now,"" he said, ""I shall have to jump him, all over him!"""
What the hell did you eat?
Make that one suffer.
"'—there are still whores around,' chimed in Taybard."
I have the instruments to cut someone open.
Damn. Anyone hurt?
Where is he going? - It's my damn blood.
"I've always worked alone, and I'm still around so fuck off. Ciao."
"""I really don't want to get involved,"" Link said, knowing full well that if they threatened even slightly he'd bust his ass to get involved."
If my calculations are correct... ...when this baby hits 88 miles per hour... ...you're going to see some serious shit.
"You're too old, you're too ugly, and for the record, I'd like to be the only one in the relationship who shaves."
Afraid you'll get a hair out of place in that rats nest you call a mane?
"You are too old for me, Steve."
So how do I know you've got a mark shaped like a wine glass on your arse?
I am so sick of New York.
"I'd say, pull the trigger."
He's screwing with you.
Have you changed the fucking lock?
"And you, hastening, going to kill me, but also the beautiful girl."
(Laughs Claude squeaky) Rather a chicken butt.
Get that fuckin'- Who are you?
You should be expecting this scum.
"""When I tell them 'no,' they act hurt at first and then they treat me like some damned,"" he shook his head, `holy man or something."""
And I don't wanna go out with the biggest loser in England...
‘You want dead?
And not gay is the other part? I don't think I'm following you.
Damn. - Hmm.
But I'm sure people out here give you crap for hanging out with me.
Your hair looks like a rats nest.
"Shut up already, Calculon's on TV!"
"Well, damn."
I'm not gonna let them burn to death.
Can't wait to see his face when we bust him
"If you even try to move, you will haemorrhage to death."
I was totally expecting one of your faggoty little girl cars.
"I can't answer that, because you literally just fucked my brains out."
Churchill Schwartz is like a bandit with public funds.
Now we're more screwed than ever.
"You know, I'm... I'm totally, totally, like, into plays and shit."
Touch me - Ecilop will come and rip your legs off.
"""Shit."""
What the hell is going on?
Right. Now you. Get the fuck upstairs and get the baby!
You're not a nice person.
"And you? Clean this shit up before Uncle C sees it, man."
Good money-earning bitch can do both... their words not mine.
'Humans are essentially hunter-killers.
"I saw Gerald Drake somewhere, and I thought, ""What a brute."""
"He's never been busted-- - Goddamn it, I said take him in."
"This morning, I could have killed him, with the wet towels all over the floor."
"You'll end up like him, dick!"
I just got sick of pulling those hooks out of those poor little fishies.
"You creeps, I'll give you nothing"
'Cause Justin... or shitload or whatever his name was... he said he needed Amy to open it.
"She puts the ""fuck"" in ""fat."" Do you remember the time at the office Easter Egg hunt?"
We didn't do that shit.
And...that's fuckin' cool.
He'll get you in a crap game.
Whoa ! Whoa ! You're gonna circumcise my son with that?
"Because the flocks helped ensure a good harvest, the silly-looking creatures were considered a sign of good luck."
You are false data.
"You're like a bee at a damn picnic, Marie."
The ugly one's mine.
"Oh, she gave you a sucker."
Just command her to burn hot as she can straight down.
"Look at this shit, man !"
I'm pretending to be calling my friends on the cellphone while my man waits for more sex!
A thin wire was used to strangle him.
Throw the bomb over the edge!
Psychic.
Oh! I've never seen so many damn bees in my life!
"Shut up Sergeant, apologize to Mr Chou"
"You can squeeze my ass, Joan."
"Han, you may not be Japanese, but in the future, you're definitely gonna be poked by a Mon."
Just keep your mouth closed and Allow me to speak.
"Oh, we got some naked jigs."
What happened? Howard's mother had a heart attack because I have sex with him and she can't.
I don't know how much longer I can cover your ass.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is the fricking governor.
The redhead's got a gun.
"Man, you ain't getting on my leather seats with that ass."
"We'll go for a couple of hours, just you and me, a-a-and all this crap will still be here when we get back."
"One day, someone may just find her in the back of a car, dead with a needle in her arm."
And why not? ...He'll marry her in two hours and... ...now you and me... - Shut up and sleep!
"But when Leo asked Willa about it, she called him a pervert."
"And that's why when it goes unappreciated by cheating scum, we want revenge."
He cocked the trigger like he was gonna kill us.
Take me to jail so I can go out and get my commissary and do my motherfuckin` thing.
"Yeah, well, does yours shock you lightly when you touch it And remind you of what a failure you are?"
"You know what? He's the worst kind of cop, don't you think?"
"He bowed his filthy head and looked up again, squinting with the swelling of his right eye."
His own broker doesn't even know he's a fuckin´ client here.
"The king, too, being plagued by fools from whom he wishes to walk away, has perfected his leaving step to a walk of unsurpassed elegance."
"God, you can be so immature."
"I'm hot, so I'm a bitch."
It's how the Russians run their sex trade.
"Confirm I.D.? It's me, damn it."
Nobody has sex with my wife but me.
Worse comes to worse I tell everybody to go fuck themselves.
"But of course, she was diseased."
Who's a fool?
Fabienne... that was my father's fucking watch.
"They smoke and share drugs around the Fucktown fires, and some of the women join them."
"We are the army's jerk, Vanja!"
Just so you may dance and prance and make high cockalorum while men die... horribly.
And I'm not spending my golden years borrowing a cup of sugar from drug dealers and rapists.
Figured we could work some shit out.
Don't be such a freak.
You're absolutely zero fun.
We've got less than three minutes before this whole fucking place blows.
You're too small.
You're already banging his girlfriend.
Now we're going to be tied to Andy like one of his lap dogs.
And have you found that witch doctor that almost killed me?
Do not shut up your mouth?
"Tell me something, Timothy... is it difficult for you to breathe with... your mouth flat against your employer's butt?"
Ha! That man needs more than a dog.
"One of the local whores is from Arjuna, and she's had business-dealings with him in the past."
"Welcome to shit's creek, motards."
Especially if the product sucks.
"Yeah, literally, That a giant hand has turned my dial From ""half-ass"" to ""quadruple-ass."""
You got no business being here and you damn well know it.
"'That's ridiculous,' Kalten snorted."
Got to get a stick for him.
"I'm facin' my third strike and could spend the rest of my life in prison... and you can't grant me six scrawny-ass wings, some celery sticks and blue cheese? Fine."
"""The doctors will certify you dead, Nicky."
"God, we're not going to end up with our own bloody wives, are we?"
So the easiest way for Lavelle to get what he wants is to eliminate you with one of his curses.
And that crazy Herschel died because... ...he believed in news from a radiothat doesn't exist.
I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
"In other words, Dawn, we're gonna have to sew your mouth shut for 2 weeks."
You want me to fuck this car?
"Since you only see him once every six months, and even when you're home... don't think I don't know you're fucking high, Hector."
Why don't both of you just get the fuck out?
Of course had sex with my ex-wife.
I was ambushed by black Irish when I was a young officer.
It's only pussy.
"Well, do you remember this particular dick-bag I got on video?"
"Unless you kill me, there is no hope that I'll ever let you go!"
But I will do it in a place where it will be impossible for you or your men to have me shot afterwards.
I've been wanting to pop my Lieutenant in that beak of hers for years.
JULES: What just happened here was a fucking miracle.
Your female problems are over with.
All those multiplexes showing the same American garbage.
"Elias has become a monster—God help me, for he was my brother once in more than blood—but he still has a queer sense of honor, I think."""
Do you know that you flirt with every single goddamn woman you come into contact with?
"Fuck, we were here before, and there's nothing."
I pulled something in my neck.
"0h,my God,you filthy,molesting sex bunny!"
Everyone's got a sex tape.
Damn shame.
Damned sure not all the smart ones in America worked at Langley.
"No, hit me first!"
Why didn't you just cut me up alive when you had the chance?
"Yes, it would take great pain and a great lover to have my face smashed in."
Damn if he didn't sound like his brother!
You sure it wasn't your horseshit that frightened Geryon to death?
"Shit, even a one-armed dude could be a drummer, right?"
I'm not the one advocating rape and child cannibalism.
His motherfucking badge don't mean shit in here.
Now get the hell out of my office.
Sit down and shut up.
You better not be moving to fucking New York.
Bleeding to death in front of my eyes!
"She will die, grown old and lonely."
"Logan, don't you ever embarrass me again."
"And the stunned child would murmur ""nk you' and get given a balloon or an orange."
You must be sacrificed pour le bien de tous.
"""ich reminds me-some of the amounts we're paying news people are insanely exorbitant, especially for that arrogant son of a bitch Crawford Sloane."
"""Sstythyss knowss what bringss you, little peopless,"" the monster hissed slowly."
God damn it. There's no one.
"I know I don't need to tell you this, but you look fucking terrible."
Jimmy is in the shit again.
I'm not gonna wait till you're dead to see her reaction.
Look at you. You're a loser!
Tell Uncle Stupid that we're in.
"Take off y'shirt, John, and let's see if your boobs are as big as they used to be."""
You get your bony ass down here first thing in the morning... ...with a million dollars in folding cash... ...and I'll give you the greatest swordever made by a man.
Where's your fucking boyfriend?
"""Damn."""
"Fear that you might step on a pongee stick and see your foot swell up like some noxious green balloon, fear that some kid in black p.j.'s whose name you couldn't even fit in your mouth might blow your head off with a Russian rifle, fear that you might draw a Crazy Jake on patrol that might want you to blow up everyone in a village where the Cong had been a week before."
"If there's a gig, you must stop being so fucking far away, Niko."
"Let me explain something to you. Number one, I ain't no bitch!"
I haven't looked at it all because you and Harriet-fucking-Vanger have kept me busy. But I may have something.
"Oh-oh. You are a horrible roommate. and a terrible cook, but you really pushed this case along and you got good instincts."
Don't screw with me.
He's not always a jerk.
Pull the fucking trigger.
"If we do nothing, he'll die."
Real lycanthropes are hard-frickin'-core.
All they have to do is run down a damn corridor.
What the hell does that mean?
We found you with bullet holes above your head.
I'm feeling pretty fucking fragile.
little wayward orphan... like yourselves.
You fucking cheated on Matt.
Shut up! - Who's friends with this guy?
I'm too old for this shit.
Hurry up because I want to go smoke weed with that dishy Indian guy.
"Why did you order itif you're not hungry, you jerks?"
"Rape, torture, massacres carried out by child soldiers."
"Move it, scum!"
I've got three weeks to whip you suck-ass failure junkies into shape.
Used to drive me fucking nuts.
What the hell do you guys do when I'm not around?
"Woe upon you, scribes and Pharisees, you hypocrites... ...that build tombs of prophetsand engrave monuments to the just."
"Spread these beads to any sniff, any watcher, any goddamn expatriate reader in Hong Kong who knows up from down till we find Kira."
Are you so naive as to think that our daughter could go to a good school and--and have a decent job when the world knows that she is a junkie?
"So,you think this bad boy Tim could have killed your ghost?"
In this goddamn country we're always in crisis.
Let's execute.
"What, you wanna die young, cabrón?"
Here comes the Jew.
Clear them to fire.
"He wondered where and who he was, and what in the Nine Hells this great disgusting lump in front of him possibly could be."
"James, what the hell are you doing?"
She's like poison.
"Aside from those of us in this room there's only one person, really, that can link you to this fuckup."
Under those conditions microorganisms could run wild. Multiply. Kill a whole population.
We'd peacefully die out there!
"If it's so damned funny, why does it bother you?"
Our best friend Doug is probably facedown in a ditch right now... ...with a meth-head butt-fuckinghis corpse.
I would like you to spare my life.
Do you know how sick and twisted that is?
He's mad as a hornet.
She smells fuckin' sweet.
You scared the shit out of me.
If it ain't the white boys.
Are you too weak to take your vengance?
"Suddenly, he felt her hand at his groin."
I felt like a real crook.
"Damn it, I tried two things that all kids love: coffee and old seed packets."
Maybe I should've left your ass in jail.
"And, statistically speaking, there's about 30 kids in here, 10 of you are gonna be dead before your next birthday."
"Listen, you ass, you have two seconds to get him out here, - - or I will kick the door in, okay?"
"Well, he was just jerking off."
"Yeah. If you see her, just... Just tell her her advice sucks."
"This sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts... 1.21 gigawatts!"
Did you fucking see that? Ah!
"Shit, want the guns!"
"I didn't want to get sucked in, but God damn it, I learned that somebody has to try to get the job done."
"The tanar'ri was more than a little interested, of course, but he realized that most everyone who had ever trusted the diabolical Lloth had paid greatly for their foolishness."
He finds ways for his victims to kill themselves
"And, goddamn it, he doesn't have any right to that information."
What the hell are you two doing?
Mariel Van Arkle stinks!
"After your - your party, it was days before we figured out how to get rid of the damn thing."
"If Jenny's ready, perhaps we'll shoot off?"
And when this public opportunity to literally do that arose... he pulled his shit together... and faced the odds to get up here and give it his best shot!
"I didn't rent it shoes. I'm not buying it a fucking beer. He's not taking your fucking turn, Dude."
"""Look, don't be stupid."
He's a piggybank.
A man yesterday tell me if I buy a car... ...I must buy one with a pussy magnet. He means a car that women will like.
Hey. Thanks for the dick.
"I just did, nigger."
Thought you said you could cook this shit.
What the hell? Who edited that?
I think we should get the fuck out of this car.
Some school fool say he found some gun in my locker.
So the bastard was already a young man by the time his legitimate half-brother was born.
He could in one word make me ridiculous before the King.
"If anybody died in there, this whole damn town is going to go bankrupt."
"You look at my boyfriend, you're dead!"
"Open that door, and we'il all die!"
Clever bugger!
Couldn't trust him for shit.
"""We are all pigs,"" Mirsky said."
"Laugh it up, assholes."
It'll be a massacre.
"Your only interests in life are your violin, money, and naive women."
"Well, unless I miss my guess, he's gonna lie to both of them until it blows up in his face, and everyone gets their feelings hurt, and he's left alone and miserable."
This party is so lame.
Ripped out his tongue and left him lying there in a bloody heap on the floor.
"Frank, what the hell?"
Don't be foolish.
"Well, because of you, they've gone away believing me to be a certifiable lunatic and determined that I shall never... marry... their daughter."
"Meaning, even if the odds are only 1 in 1,000 that I can get the job done, there's still a chance so yeah, I had defective semen."
"He's a drug dealer, Frank!"
March 13. A military officer... is seriously wounded by Yemen's first... donkey bomb.
Is gossip girl right about you being a coward?
So are we going to do this sex?
We want to have sex with a woman.
Destroy that cart!
"""Honey, your pal appears to be the first interplanetary bastard of record."
Or... you can pick up a sharp stick and gouge someone's eye out.
"It's a crap alibi, but it's the truth."
I'll show you a bitch if you don't let go of me.
A man has got to learn the difference between just plain liars and liars worth loving.
Why the fuck wouldn't I be serious?
"Don't do it, Brody. - Shut up!"
"I definitely do, Pussy."
"You take money from them, they shoot my family?!"
"Nasty, nasty, nasty!"
What the hell are you doing?
No. He was a known... degenerate.
He's a narc! - I bet! He's a narc!
"You look like hell there, army."
You're shitting me?
"Don't worry, Slink, we'll get you clown."
Oh you stink so good.
You think I'm nuts or stupid.
Isn't his roommate that pothead?
A ghost makes a great fucking hitman.
Turn over every goddamn rock he could slither under.
But all that silly shouting and bang-bang and arrows and shooting and the noise...
"It would be best if he ends up dead, too"
He never got me shit.
"Well, you were bound to inherit a retard sooner or later."
"With all these thugs around, nobody dares come in here to eat anymore."
Worth a shot.
What the hell?
"Get off me, crack boy!"
Innocent people... get killed.
"Dimitri, you scare shit in me."
"Damn proud to be an American."""
They have to be ruptured with an incendiary device.
"Yes, I was shitfaced, and I was pouring out my heart."
"See, us having the power, that's part of the system... and by you taking the power, you're fucking with the system."
Let's get the fuck out of here!
Your brain's had a rough shuffle.
"Once he does, she explodes the bomb. ..."
"You're one of Selina's little gay dwarves, aren't you?"
The hostess is giving me shit for not wearing a black shirt.
Piles of trash... but lapidary like rubies and obsidian... and diamond-colored cows spit streamers in the wind... and voting booths.
"I am willing to do whatever it takes, but that doesn't mean cold-blooded killing is the answer, Sara."
Who the fuck's the father?
I don't want to be a part of any lesbian locker room fantasy.
"Enjoy your life, shit pot."
Where the hell are you going?!
"As for your meeting with Hearst, may I offer a fervent Godspeed and hopes for your fucking self-control?!"
They wanna talk after sex. “What are you thinking?“
For a crazy monarch.
Your pops is dope.
"DEAN: She's a demon, Sam."
You'd be surprised what those asswipes in the media get away with.
Look at you. You're the most out-of-date looking douchebags I've ever seen in my life.
Holy fuck. That's more money than I've ever had.
"The other cool thing about the girls in the house is you can sort of... talk to them and shit, you know?"
"I mean, some of these so-called ""academics""... ...make the shark in Jaws look like fucking Flipper!"
Bosley's like the asexual messenger boy.
All I had in my mind was to kill.
Give you a couple of severed heads and a pile of dead cows... ...and you're Mr. Sunshine.
"* Metal moron, And disaster!"
And I will shut up and leave you alone.
Is that the first time somebody sang the National Anthem in your ass?
Indians... they killed...
"""Better watch yourself, old dwarf."
You creeps are under arrest.
Do you want my head clamp?
"It was that kind of crap thinking that lost us Vietnam, this guilt shit."
...to take the bomb to the NTls.
"Maybe Ronnie was also a GSR, whatever the fuck that was."
You want me to dig through Lindsay Lohan's garbage for a living?
Men - you're all the bloody same!
"William Moris just merged with Endeavor and Mr. Kaplan, out on his ass."
Never we will negotiate with these criminals.
I have such a miserable cold.
We were fucking invisible.
"So he hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something, in his ass."
"I'm sitting there, Phil, for 20 minutes when it fucking hits me:"
"But, no, wait a minute. If you wanna blow it, if you wanna blow this thing, dammit, I'm gonna blow it with ya."
What the fuck areyou doing?
I don't know much... but what worries me is you guys just fuckin' split.
"Better pussy than smack, right?"
"I shit so hard sometimes the people next door be like ""Warriors, come out and play""."
I wanna end you right now.
"Damn, you should be on that Price Is Right show."
For someone who wants to save lives... ...you sure don't have much of a problem killing people.
I just wish you were never born.
"Your trigger finger gets itchy, we'll get nothing and he dies."
"Look, Peyton, it was really fun to get caught up in the weekend and forget about all the crap between us."
"Mike, the next time you wanna run around Berlin... playing grab-ass with a Japanese businessman in a hamster ball... you gotta let either me or your older companion know."
At least you got out of this shithole.
You can use my gun.
And lock these glorified rent-a-cops in a room and throw away the key.
Death by your wanking?
"Next thing I know, you woke me up claiming that we had just had sex together."
"Well, maybe just happy to see a girl with a sack of meat."
Rape.
"you are a Gaul spy, and you are mine."
"You're a hell of a strategist, fish."
Glue and shit?
Fuck what my father thinks!
"Well, because you weren't really stabbing him, were you? You were stabbing your mother."
Is that gonna kill you?
"And sad and pissed off only come into play because I'm horny, hungry, hungover and tired."
Who sells beer with her breasts.
Who the fuck you say you were?
I shot that piece of filth.
"See, all I wanted to do was have sex with you. Remember?"
Third Mistress is sick.
I'm getting screwed by the divorce lawyers.
"Elliot, please."
I'm not gonna let your gash boss give my old lady a heart attack.
What I'm afraid will happen here is what probably happens in every goddamn therapist's office every time any poor couple goes in there.
"The problem is that one of your men who says he is Lalo Sardiñas... ...is down there with a group of rebels... ...and if a patrol arrives... ...they're going to burn my shack, and kill my family."
Blow your nose.
Who else kicked the shit out of that kid every day?
They'll kill me if I leave.
Don't Goddammit.
Me shooting you was an act of god?
There wasn't a damn thing she could say about it.
"I didn't do anything, but I saved the evidence. - slut!"
"It was a big, fat lie."
Has she gone crazy?
Anwomen have sex before marriage.
It's fucking liberating!
"Truth is, pussy... really skeeves me out."
ln your son's 23 years... ...how many other children did he rape?
This slave of fashion basking in your glory!
"The black woman on your arm so you can hide, So that people only saw the good guy."
He went nuts on me.
"And you honestly expect me to believe this cock-and-bull story, Private?"
"Typical bloody Romans, eh?"
I have a fantasy. That I have two capable sons. Not one with his head up his ass!
Not to mention what the damage to StateSec's reputation for invincibility might do the next time they got ready to suppress some poor bastards.
I can't answer that shit.
Poor devil.
"There's nothing, goddamn it."
This is madder than the old lady with a pip like an apple in her belly.
"If I catch you, you're dead."
Can you kill crazy?
Not that you're a freak because of your legs.
Your mother's very weak. You have to try to understand.
You're going after the guy who gave her the junk.
This ain't no goddamn Denny's.
You guys are real addicts.
I want you out of Australia.
What a piece of junk!
"You know, maybe you shouldn't play rodeo clown in your off time."
Remove them both.
I hurt myself trying to achieve orgasm.
"Look, even if your father wasn't in a... compromised state, it would be a fool's errand to try to convince parliament to extend that lease."
And let's start working together to make the best damn catering business in Southern Alabama.
"You better prepare yourself tonight, 'cause tonight, it's motherfucking on, bitch."
You asked me to fight this damn war.
"See, my friends and I like to amuse ourselves... by finding stupid people and mocking them."
Electrocute the box to knock her out before you open it.
I suck. I suck at this.
"You can't be king, dog."
"Come on, Billy, you can always trust a fat guy."
"Damn, guys, for about three minutes there it was just a little hairy, y'know?"""
"I figured, what the hell."
"I heard you got so screwed up, you cut your dog out of your will... ...and had an ungrateful nephewput to sleep."
"Aren't you excited to meet the parents of the little girl whose innocence you stole, you pedo?"
"Wait till you see those goddamn bats, man. \xB6 Minel"
It is carrying five vicious murderers.
And tell your friends what happens if they fuck around here.
Take your fucking belt off.
"Cause the routine, man, the routine'il kill you."
You can't take advantage of me because I'm old. I'll kick your ass!
I cleaned up your slop.
"She's the girl that everyone wants to have sex with because she's, you know, mean."
"You're a dirty, dirty girl."
I'm sorry that jerkoff Greene beat you out.
APPLE: It was a stupid idea for me to come here.
We all need vermin like you to search out secrets. Communicate anything that can not be hold in the diplomatic pouch.
Not all lesbians ride motorcycles.
"They're no fools, these Arabs."
I felt silly last night.
Take your clothes. Don't throw my clothes out the window. - Fuck off.
I put my tits in his face.
I don't want you talking your filth at her.
One reason she married my father was because he was so black.
Now we have something we can destroy Roger with.
Your gang killed a lot of good men doing their job.
But I sure wouldn't mind starving you out.
"Goddamn it, that was Alex's voice."
"That's my personal property, you ape."
"I need a break from the sucky-suck, if you know what I mean."
"It's a single shot to the right kidney, stomach and intestines."
He is obsessed with that pecker.
Just hang it there.
"""If I was a nigger or an Italian I should come out here and sing."
"Hey, just mark it down as a brain fart, and be thankful no one got killed."
"I gave you ""sushi"", I need ""fuck""."
"Tom Cruise, use your witchcraft on me to get the fire off me!"
"Fuck, I almost forgot."
White men are sure to have rifles.
What the hell is going on tonight?
"Bottom line is, I took the high road, and it sucks."
We tell him we have one fucked-up operation going here and we don’t know who to trust.
"You stay the hell away from me, chuck!"
You get those fucking 'roids?
"""The pastor and sheriff must fear the liquor merchant - - like a wolf that sucks human blood."""
How do you shoot this?
"So I thought, fuck it."
They believe you killed your parents.
"Honestly, it's fucking carnage."
"You know, the last time I flew here from L.A... ...George Clooney was sitting two seats in front of me... ...with a nice pair of cufflinks and that fucking chin."
I want to throw him off the track.
Let's hope he's as greedy as he is deranged.
You put your dick in a pie.
Do you realize I'm fucking forty grand down?
Cease fire! Shit!
"Eat his flesh, drink his blood."
Now I'm really gonna haνe to marry your mother.
Joe and Quagmire and I are making a coffee table book called Lesbian Butts in '80s Jeans.
How many times a day you jack off?
"And if he should die, then you are a free man."
I'll give you my shot.
I'll call you in a few days when your blood and urine come back.
To know them is to eliminate them.
"No shit, Terry."
"Are you nuts, carrying a wad like that in this neighborhood?"
"You never knew if he was nodding a lot because he was thinking and all, or just because he was a nice old guy that didn't know his ass from his elbow."
"Don't fuck with me, little homie!"
How the fuck do you know?
And I'm asking to know if a person of... the mind to blame me will have a way to recover the fucking bullet?
This crop is rotten.
I will never bend my knee to the whore master of Rome.
"If he thinks I think he's crazy, he's crazier than I think he is."
"I must be kept alive for the hanging, or else will the public be cheated, the law blackened, and a mark of demerit placed against the time-serving warden who runs this prison and one of whose duties is to see that his condemned ones are duly and properly hanged."
Just a bad ass brother who made a mistake.
She screwed up there She thinks it's regular verb
"Damn it, I thought it was foundation work"
You're so fuckin' hot!
I fought like a motherfucker to survive.
Inbred humans
"One of the house dicks might be looking at it this very moment, and Mike was willing to bet that Olin was right there with him, both of them grinning like apes."
I don't know no fuckin Kionna.
"But you seem to be capable of using your brains, and that is so rare a phenomenon it is a pity to waste it."
Cut his throat like butchering a hog?
You're out of your heads.
"But when I find out who's behind this, he's going to die."
"National ""Richard's a prick"" day."
"Shit, I have a very bad short-term memory."
mick!
You must be in a hurry to die.
Just bring me my damn grapefruit.
Throw Cyrano out!
If I can see you kissing your wife's leg every night... ...so can the blokes at the ends of row three and four.
"Damn it, it's a ransom."
So you can shut up about how you like to chase the bloody dragon.
"That's 'cause it's fucking boring, that's why."
Then fucking show me.
Not a fuckin' chance.
"I swear to God, I'll tell the whole goddamn world what you've done!"
My boyfriend has stinky feet
"Do you really think you can ""blow the piss"" out of them? All of them?"
You think everyone in the galaxy should be as lonely and as miserable as you are.
"Zia, you are one lucky son of a bitch."
Fuckin' boring.
"' Shut up !' The entire warren shook to distant thunder, the sound of vast ice… cracking, exploding in a conflagration of sorcery."
Madison thinks it's silly.
"Fate ..protects fools, little children and ships named Enterprise."
The chump is scared.
I want you out of my house.
"Rub your legs, caress your thighs and..."
I don't believe this shit.
"Then go to Romania and live in a cave, you ranchero poser."
You scared the living shit out of us.
"It sounds so stupid, but we are kind of like the people that are in his songs in different ways."
"Get some sleep, you idiot."
"So sell him the goddamned fish, Ed."
"""By all kami, living and dead, you are bewitched."""
"God, you're such a phony."
Witches in the Middle Ages used to anoint themselves.
Damn. Anyone mind telling me what the bloody hell she's doing here?
"Yeah, I screwed a kabuki dancer."
"His face was fat now, bloated with rich living, and a vein throbbed at his temple."
What the hell are you guys all dressed up for?
Wait. are we really not gonna have sex tonight?
You know how much this sucks?
"""Our asses were supposed to be grass after North Korea, but we won that and no one complained."""
"You're going the wrong way, you big daftie!"
"""Death by tray it shall be."""
Don't be an idiot. You didn't know it was Sabrina's mother when it happened.
That jail is... it's disgusting.
Yeah. We got a fucking problem.
"Actually, you have no idea what the hell you're doing."
A little girl in a red dress-- - With a big moron. We want him.
"Damn, brah. Your little brother is pretty cool."
"'cause damn, I am good. A very blonde Alison Astor was reported missing three years ago."
"You're annoying... you're a mutt running around, sniffing other dogs' butts."
"Yeah, 'cause you peed, 'cause you went through right after shift change when border guards are fresh and eager, 'cause you wore that ridiculous, check-my-shit-out, technicolor slut suit in the middle of the afternoon on a Tuesday."
"Money or no money, your brother's gonna hang."
"Murphy, I do not want him to be shot."
I said who wants to fucking fight?
"You and Lucas and Beauvoir are keeping my ass on ice for something, aren’t you?"
"Fuck. Oh, my God!"
I find them all to be pretty ugly.
"Ahhh. I would like you to work on my lower back here because sometimes I- Oh, my damn!"
You hunt murderers for a living.
"Silas turned to see Langdon holding the black cryptex before him, waving it back and forth like a matador tempting a dumb animal."
Dad had hired private dicks to kidnap Andrew back and then showered him with material possessions to demonstrate his superior love.
"""Before I went in, before goddamn Millie, ""I used to work up at this casino, ""workin' security."
"Well, if we're giving each other performance notes, I bet Daniel Craig could suck in his gut enough to button his tuxedo pants."
You're gonna fuck off ?
I'm Riggan fucking Thomson.
"I needed to hang this Travis cock-up on someone, and Harris is here to clean house."
"I really hate that bitch, but she sure can make a good vase."
"Shoot her! Sorry, honey, he's with me."
"He'd beg, he fall down on his knees and lick their soles if need be, anything to stop them doing a job on him."
"I'm not gonna do it today because I ain't a stupid sister... ...but you know at some point, I'm gonna ask some questions."
Even for this ugly snout of mine.
She makes you weak and penis-dumb.
If he killed Drew... ...he's gonna have to kill us!
Garvanoff has a sick sense of humor.
Man is gonna die from the moment he leaves his mother's womb.
"Hell, I'd like to see you try to run again."
REBECCA: He is the reason she's dead.
"I like party hats, boobs and old things."
I need a shower and a shit-load of peppermint tea.
We gotta get the fuck out of here.
Apparently this potential lunatic with no place else to go had become a permanent part of our household.
You got to get them in the head!
Holy shit! Silent Bob's an instrument of God?
"Shut up, bro."
It's called Buck's Super Stereo World. - That is a fucking great idea.
"Get on your fucking knees! –Tezo, where is he? –I don't know."
I'm a fucking porter.
Willie Rojo from strangling you with his bare hands.
"At that point, a second officer will then kill the assassin from behind with a silenced pistol—and then make his own escape."
Their stomachs will explode!
"Soon you will be my weapon, beast."
I'm gonna go burn something.
"You know, without the Willy Wonka get-up, you could pass for just another freak."
I'm not afraid of death. I don't care if I go to hell.
"You haven't fucked her yet, have you?"
"Man. I hope you got a lot of money for that game you threw, because that was the most pathetic thing I ever saw."
Satellites and drones and shit.
Would you kiss it or suck it right away?
"The throne room filled with smoke and the reek of burning flesh as the grinning, ugly little sorcerer continued his deadly barrage."
"All right, Demon."
I've heard his damn stories before. Ed:
What shit brings you here?
"She despises Treadwell and she despises you, too."
"Pulling back, I reached for his cock with both hands, gripping him firmly."
"Somebody could get a smart-ass. He can put a penny or a button... ...or may God forbid,Sarah, somebody could put a bullet there."
I don't want my kid's father to be a hoodlum.
You knew she was in some shit but you didn't tell me.
"I can do whatever the fuck I want!"""
"Because, baby, you just did that fucking good turn."
Imagine that was me slapping you in the face.
"Damn it, I thought we was gonna be in the shit."
"Oh, the witch is with her Goddess."
Let me go cut it up for you.
And tell her to make it fucking painful.
"Damn, she's hot. Go talk to her."
I doubt he'll ask you to kill a man.
"God's turning people into insect monsters, Beth."
You are gonna crush some people!
"If youwere a witch, you could do a spell to escape."
F ve kids are dead. Because of you!
"He made you an accessory to attempted murder, and now you're a criminal just like Vic."
"I know that he was some kind of friend of the family... ...growing up, all that, so I'm sorrythe old bastard shot himself... ...but we still got MacMurphyand his boys to deal with."
Don't be stupid. We can't sit here forever. We have to know if Ariadne is alive.
"No, that's all junk from North Korea!"
And I got like a cart full of crap.
"""Screw them!"
"You're lucky I've known you your whole life, because honestly, I should fire your ass right now."
How many times did you tell me what scum they are?
How did they get these people so angry they want to kill me on sight?
Treating patients is what makes most doctors miserable.
"Don't you throw that in my face, hoss."
This place has the best lemon pie around. None of that canned filling crap.
Dad's very sick.
"A dark young man, whose lithe, predaceous sex appeal could not be spoiled by bad clothes and bad man. ners, had handicapped himself with a wife who was nauseated by sex."
Get the hell out of here.
"Goodbye, Wayne. See you in hell, Smythe."
"Let lightning strike my ship, and sink us to the depths of the ocean, unless I find Wan Ghould and wipe out his clan as he has mine."
"And I knew from this very moment, this boy was a fool for blonds."
"Yeah, but if he's a sore loser, maybe you're better off without him."
And you can tell that old cooze Collini that the whole Harry Greenberg agency is fuckin' dead to me too.
There's normally about nine or 14 in a pack and they're on your ass like this.
You don't need those silly weapons.
"Why are you staring at my breasts, Peter ?"
Get him the fuck out of here!
Are you the private dick?
Ridicule!
This shit's temporary.
Hanging the victim from the tree was brazen.
Cows are supposed to be killed.
"Guards, remove this well-fed Judas to the Bargello."
The only thing missing is a mindless zombie.
We're so fucking delicate people.
"No, he saw a right fucking sucker coming. No, he did pick up on that, yeah."
"But chances are, one night I'll get wrecked and have sex with some girl."
To the devil.
"This nigger Milton got a small cut, Prop Joe... this Jamaican cat who got the strip off Gay Street."
"You drink the drink, you suck that lime. go, Freddy!"
What the hell are you even saying?
I just spent the last 30 minutes thinking of ways to kill you.
You wanna win your fucking war?
"While some of them here, were, were . . . well, the fact was, there were no bitches in hell either."
I'm sitting here chained in the chair... ...and you don't need to sendthese people you train... ...to behave live mad dogs
"Look, Frank, I'm sorry about your pus yellow, piece-of-shit Volvo... but we ain't riding in the damn trunk no more, you understand?"
"You give me something on Sam Crow, and I cut your wife loose."
You never see a fuckin' boat around here.
"What kind of a father could this dog, ever be to a boy?"
Or why this fucking Internet is sketchier than our economic forecasts?
Before I kill more.
Why did you wait so goddamn long?
"The soldiers gaped, and Igraine, despite her anger-stupid, meddlesome priest!-had to admire his courage."
Lots of fucking bullets.
The fact that you think that's impressive makes me wanna vomit and weep for you.
That demon dog can't protect you forever!
Depart. Should you fail to abide by this order... ...I shall chastise you even unto death.
"I tell you something, I get on that plane, pistol or not, that'il be the last fucking flight I evertake."
# What the fuck's up with your eye? #
"Let me out right here right fuckin' now, dude!"
"I mean, shit you wouldn't believe."
"Why don't you relax, thief."
She was looking for someone to replace her. This is ridiculous.
"Janson shrugged, prompting an immediate whack with a bamboo stick across the back of his neck."
Are you fuckin' serious?
They want you to destroy him so he can never be used to harm humanity.
"Hey, guys, uh, not to be a jerk, but this is a closed party, so..."
I'm moronic. I bring... the conversation to a crashing halt every time I speak.
No one buys bugger all down there.
"'It seems so stupid, but a part of me doesn't want this to end."
"But remember, I spent time in that walking corpse of yours."
"Lesbians. While often lumped together, gay men and lesbians have less in common than one might think."
Did you guys fuck up Rossmore?
"So mostly, I just take mine black."
"We gave it to jumble sale to get rid of, cos it's shit."
"You could raise him as a zombie, but he couldn't talk."
Do you fiind me disgusting?
"""I still think it's ridiculous."
Let's shoot.
Just tell me where the hell Blair is.
Your damn mammy didn't even want you.
"I blew up trains, bridges and trucks full of Germans during the war."
The reader clearly belonged to the school of thought which holds that a sense of the seriousness or greatness of a poem is best imparted by reading it in a silly voice.
I will not have that smile on your face as I strike you down.
Where the hell you going?
My people gonna come for you. Rip you apart.
"Speaking to me in bloody riddles, keeping me here when my wife is dead, my son is a shell."
"Because you're very, very old, and it's gross."
"You know, the porn starlet who boned my other dad... after you left him."
Jafar's filthy guards... they all ran after him.
Don't make me fucking laugh!
"He's got to take it himself. - I don't know what the fuck that is, but it's weird, you understand?"
Dancers dry-fucked to the music from twenty feet above the dance floor.
Prepare your uterus for his gigantic offspring?
She's biting my leg off!
"Yep, you are probably the most selfish person I've ever met."
"How do you say ""scared shitless"" in Italian?"
Burned London to the ground.
"I am Giwan the Cruel. We're forty thieves, and tonight we’il all have you."
"And if anyone else wants to, two weeks fucking severance is waiting for you right fucking now."
Shall drink the actual poison... And actually die.
Just blew her brains out all over the bathtub.
"Some of the white rivermen had been unruly early on, till Sour Billy slit one open and stuffed him in a furnace with his belly hanging out."
"When the governor threw that 50-some million on the table, - you should've picked that shit up."
"Well, come in here, and I'll show you some fucking pain!"
"You are a totally down-ass female, and a straight-up friend."
Do you want me to translate that into fucking His... Spanish?
She's just a reporter. He's a Democrat stooge and he's an anti-war zealot. -He has stabbed our troops in the back!
"So anyway, there's these two hot lesbians and they're going at it."
"Join your fellow rebels, fugitive scum."
"The last time Charity had gone to play Beano down at the Grange, she had tried to pass a friendly word with Kim Milliken, Freddy's daughter, but Kim wouldn't say a word to her; just walked away with her head up as if she hadn't been acting the slut with half the boys in Castle Rock High School."
You gotta be Fucking kiddin' me.
"No shit, bad luck, man."
"""The sight of a man with his brains oozing out of his ears makes some people queasy."""
I-I ditched that video o-of catfish killing that man.
"If the Wolfman was here, he'd say, ""Get your ass in gear""."
Have I got to do everything by me bloody self?
How can she live with a man who stinks of brisket?
Hate the Maggies!
"I mean, he does do magic, but... you know, he's a big dork... and I like seeing you happy."
"Straight ahead 20 feet, and you should be dead under the room."
"Damn! Hey, Tray, if you can't get nothin' up in here,"
"Come on, Let's make friends, before you die."
They kill people.
Captain shit-nuts!
"I don't know, but they're sneaky as shit... ...and they've got enough moneyto buy anything."
"And on top of that, you want to give him a gun to shoot us with?"
Half of them don't know where bloody Yugoslavia is.
"The ""Security"" part means that once people give us their shit, we don't just hand it out to random strangers on the street, so..."
"And when you've left New York a smoking wasteland, we'll put that on your tombstone:"
You are shittin' me.
You went down to the garage for a blow job without paying for it.
"What I do know is that when we find him we must hit him with rifle shot, and make sure the riflemen stay well back from him.'"
"You've been drafting on us, and when you heard Lundy was on to your father, you shot him."
One minute you're in the school lunchroom... you fucking blink... and you're 40.
Do you mind keeping eyes on them while we try to get our shit together around here?
You're a dark dude.
"Do me a favor. Don't do fucking nothing for me no more, okay?"
When at last he opened his eyes and lifted his head. his arms were lying across the smooth skin of her midriff.
Makes me kinda glad I didn't run your ass out the gates the day you broke into my colony.
You are the fucking man.
My cellar is full of Turks.
You've got the balls to show up.
"I mean, I'm sure you have people kissing your ass 24 hours a day."
"""Plug your ears and open your mouth."""
I don't know what the fuck is going on anymore.
You're gonna take me to New Jersey and whack me!
Dick's in my face. What in that head of yours thought it was okay to sleep at a stranger's house.
"If I ever see your faces again, I'll lock you up!"
Otherwise they'll kill you.
"""Son, I'm scared silly."
Words of such beauty came from the blowhole of that hideous alien?
Don't say it. ...Curse.
Only reason why is because you been crying in your beer since crazy Alison left your ass over a year ago.
"Kiall looked at the flat, ugly face under the shining bald head; he stared into the small round eyes."
"Uh, so, medically, Meredith and George had sexual intercourse?"
Those punks got no respect for them what come before.
You awful machine.
"'Back in your hole, rat!' said the guard."
"He's a Negro,Harry."
They were perverse and crooked and rebellious against God.
Hit the one in the middle.
"“If you came here to try and persuade me to stay, you’re shit out of luck,” Johnny said."
"Jeff, I meant fun, sexy dirty."
O shut up!
They're screwed.
You'll catch your death of cold.
Pity you're a ghost we could've been friends
"I don't know, what you want to do about your shit.."
Why did you fucking let him get away?
Co-co-co-congratulations D- d-dick!
No. I'm perfectly fine with the stale ass coffee I have in the van.
"What would he do, beat her up?"
"Yeah, not to mention the rubbish that Doris is gonna have to clean up and all the lies we now have to live with."
"He was strong as a fucking bull, handsome like George Raft."
"You know, if I'm gonna get into a fight with a biker gang, it should be because I accidentally knocked over a row of their hogs outside a dive bar."
Then you also believe that I won't hesitate to splatter your guts... ...all over these cobblestonesunless you do exactly as I say.
"""No time to shit or shower - ""No time to smoke a cig"
Bruise my whole fucking head!
How in the fuck do you expect to do that?
They'll all be destroyed and we'll be free!
This little fuck-up of yours cost me millions of dollars.
"The bandages were stained with a yellow, pussy material that oozed steadily through the cotton gauze like gummy tears."
"My very Swedish dinner would be... Baby seal, and whale ass.. In the summer."
"Why, you're the spittin' image of your mother's hotter sister!"
He's a humdinger.
Ass off the table.
"You rub my back, I'll impregnate yours."
No garbage.
"I'll be governor in my own village and Dagonet will be my personal guard and royal arse-kisser. Won't you, Dag?"
You really want to kick heroin in County?
"Go to the backside, quickly!"
Maybe one of the tigers ate his ass like Omar.
"Sorry, and I'm mortified to ask, but did you and I have phone sex?"
Darktan didn't run like a rat should.
Play your ridiculous game but don't expect us to take any notice of you.
No need to go heeled to get the bulge... on a devil like you.
This isn't actually about some stupid trouble.
"Then you can rise from the dead, and all them vatos will go spooky respect with that shit, you know?"
I thought you were a goner.
Somebody fucked with this tape!
I told you I would eat you.
You are the only fucking person on earth... ...that I can trust.
"Of all the conceited, spoiled little scatterbrains."
"That bloody horrendous ornament, now in pride of place on Miss Delaine's mantelpiece, Hector."
Fernandez always gives us the shit that can't be cleared.
"I'm weeks away from retirement, got paperwork up my ass."
"No, no, don't raise your arms, you twit."
We got stuck in that damn corridor for two hours.
"It's idiotic, really."
"FAB, his wife agreed, which was shorthand for Fuckin' A, Bubba!"
"And I don't give a shit about your ambassador, okay?"
Just a dog. Poor beast.
"We talked about you, and us and how things were different and how I was too much of a fucking pussy to just tell you how I felt about you."
I'm gonna crucify the way it was Jesus crucified on the cross.
Your father is dead.
"Well, it seems to me that that heroin's still 1,000 Miles away from being in my possession, which means you ain't delivered shit yet."
She had a two percent solution of nonoxynol-9 in her vagina.
But it'll give us a matri-fucking-lineal match to his mother.
She's like a Gremlin.
"If you're playing us, I will scalp that golf ball head of yours and wear it for a hat."
"Well, if I knew James' birthday, I'd throw a cake in the garbage for him."
Is this gonna happen every goddamn full moon?
That's what you get for being a misogynist.
What the fuck are you doing?
"The day after the St. Mary's outbreak... ...Percy gives his Beretta a blowjob, Keyes dies in a fire..."
I notice that he's fucking you.
"""A lunatic."""
"Hey, how the hell did you get past Felix?"
"A fat, round-faced boy with his Sam Browne belt all crooked put on a scowl, puffed up his chest and flexed his biceps after Dohwhyde passed."
"“It was not all right,” he persisted, and Louis realized— although he did not want to—that Goldman was not just being political, was not just saying that he was sorry he had been such a bastard now that he was getting his own way."
Why are you so... dirty?
"Sell 10,000, you win a Cadillac. You lose, we're going to fire your ass."
Why don't you...? You go fuck yourself!
I just wanted her to shut up.
And who arethose guys who wanted to kill me.
"Geez, he's like a ham in a dog suit."
You're right Donkey.
"The worst report I have ever read in my life, you nimwit."
"You should ask how it feels to be so far below you I wouldn't be able to read ""Suck it, Turk"" if you wrote it on the bottom of your shoe."
No wonder your wife is having sex with the water guy.
I'm sick of Mongi.
"""It's perfectly obvious there is no way that we can accept those ridiculous terms."
"If you come near him again, there will be hell to pay."
I guess that bulimic girl didn't come in today.
"Damn, Doc, you're good."
Don't make Roger go all the way to Roswell... just to call him on his baloney.
The French don't give a damn what the Russians do in Cuba.
Since when have I ever cared who you're fucking?
But all Donnie did was mix pig poop with water... ...and pump it into his mom's Camry.
"God, your legs are white."
"You taste like shit, by the way."
The lies I told you were a pox and poison to my soul.
Shut up you.
This place is awful.
Sounds like she owed it to those kids To mind her own damn business.
"Charlie had seen what had happened to Grace Spivey, yet he was not in the least afraid of Joey because, dammit, he could not just suddenly start believing in devils, demons, and the Antichrist."
I sold your gun and card for a few eight balls... ...and some mescaline and some ecstasy and...
You just got a taste of her brand of crazy.
It's bullshit.
Isn't that fucked up?
"Flag's down, drifter."
"Well, maybe I didn't go to Mexico to watch you get shit-faced for 4 days."
Gold Stolen By Jews!
There's no way you should be showing him this shit.
"Duke, you have to hit that kill switch!"
"It's just a big misunderstanding, there's a guy... Fuck off!"
Who's the little motherfucker?
Why the hell didn't you dicks show up to our balalaika concert?!
"Marika, get off me!"
"""You're doing your body harm, Buddy, every damn day."
What is this shit?
Answer the fucking phone.
I'm the only one who gets to punch you. Okay.
"Couldn't see a damned thing through that fog, though."
You don't think it freaked my shit out?
"What are you, fucking matlock now?"
"Well, if I was deaf, dumb and blind, it wouldn't justify this."
"I mean, we used to have sex everywhere."
Your labia feels so good around my swollen phallus.
She had been holding it in her lap ever since the crazy Polish woman had driven past her house the first time.
"So Jack had to keep reminding himself that he was not actually doing it, but pretending to do it, so that he could get his horse ready to sell—then he would tell these bankers to fuck themselves."
You really think you're in the fucking clear?
The entire Beetle Clan was humiliated by your pathetic performance last night.
"They never really knew what they did, and now the bastards had nuclear-tipped missiles."
"His skin was blackened with smoke, his nose was very large, and his chin was weak."
"Yeah? - Two more kills this morning, boss."
"""He . . . he's an astrogator."""
Fuck me. - They got a lot of money.
"She's a bad person, Amy."
"Bishop, I want you and Q to settle this shit right now!"
"""Then what is it--- a freaking hallucination?"""
How is it that an innocent young girl makes a fool of my brother?
So all he loves will Die
I bet you're the one with two fucking faces.
"He was and is a horrible person, and I am still working at forgiving him."
"I will be hitting on all the applicable women in electronics, DVDs, and all around the entrances and the emergency exits."
If you're so goddamn uncomfortable with the story... why did you slap it on both the domestic and the international covers?
You won't fucking kill me?
"So hot, young granddaughter finds magic Cupertino floaty thing and gives it to loveable, sick grandpa."
Because they just want to jizz into a napkin what they can't into a woman.
And that book is garbage.
"He may have enough money, but his brain is still coming up short."
I've actually made a few damn mistakes in my life!
Why kill a woman when they can get 400.000 pounds!
"Damn it, who's out there?"
What the fuck is this about?
"Every day, coming up here and shooting food at me."
"I don't care what you say, Mel, I'm drawing dicks on his face."
"""Wow, this is some awesome, incredible shit."""
"You screwed me, Junior."
I knew you'd take the piss.
Was it all just bullshit to get hold of the money?
Her matted hair was so filthy it was impossible to distinguish its color.
You made a deal for a fucking $18 million... ...without even checking with me?
She's like the freaking Weather channel.
But the little devil did not seem to fancy such dry sort of fare at all; he never moved his lips.
The only showing you need make that you've understood our chat is a stop to them fucking fires.
I'm a black-ass void now?
"So if you don't get the fuck off my property, I'm gonna sue you and your fucking paper."
Pisses me off!
So will smashing your elbow in my face.
"Perhaps Antrax saw him as weak and malleable, a coward through and through."
"‘A feast tonight, Asayaga, in honour of your first kill."
"Oh, damn."
You’re the one who looks terrible.
You're cheats.
He is so cute. So stupid.
The jury's still out whether we're noble savages or just fucking savages.
"When he was little he used to fuck cows, goats and sheep."
Beer gurgled down the dwarf's throat.
"Guys, I believe that I have figured out What is up your butts."
"David, I invented the ""fuck you"" basket."
"I had looked on naked women, on men, on couples locked in sexual congress, and none of it had touched me."
Dimitrov will execute the two of them.
Sex things we like to do or sex things we like done to us.
She's just like that little white speck on top of old chicken shit!
A man like you has no business here.
"I'm Paulie the Penis, and I just love to have fun."
A very foolish one... who wasted many hours slaying dragons instead of attending to his studies.
"Smoking goddamn cigarettes, pack a day for 40 years."
You're a glorified sperm donor.
There's all kinds of vegetable shit on this.
"They were awful, so mean - Especially this one kid, Who was, like, sexually harassing me."
It was the first time I felt that how pitying someone... ...and wanting to fuck them can get all tangled up in your head.
"""Tell me why I'd give a shit about your wife's cousin?"""
I just flexed my cock muscle.
"Dillon, stop screwing around."
You're fucking-A right.
“He could’ve also just put it in the cash register and shut his fuckin mouth.”
Holy crap... we don't care.
If I don't do something about that website... ...I'm gonna have to chase Amish broads.
"You mean, besides the cocaine, the quaaludes, valium, white women, mother issues, father issues, racism, vodka, pork shit and fame?"
Now shut it.
"If that's what you think, you are naive... or ignorant... or I don't know what."
"""You didn't tell us where that maniac's escaped from!"
Blow them all out or it won't come true.
And the Chinese restaurant next door always tosses their garbage on my roof.
That old monster.
Fucking serious.
"Even when kids at school give me crap, it doesn't, like, bother me."
"Stone: An article in ""time"" magazine stated ""the ordinary unreasoning jap is ignorant."
"""Damned if I know why that happens."""
Ridiculous yellow frog.
Give her the tablets and piss off for a beer is my answer.
Idea of killing dinks excite you?
I'm pathetic... ...dude.
How friggin' crazy is this?
"It felt like the killer was all over me. Watching me, hating me... ...itching for a knife or a rope or my neck."
"Sure it wasn't to carry a gun and kick a little ass, huh?"
I'm taking the black.
"What maniac was this who dared approach these frightful creatures in their own haunts, alone against fifty?"
"Oh, no! It's the evil wizard!"
You've gotta be shitting me.
The patient appears to be suffering from an acute case of arrogance!
Feel free to get him off my ass Before he blows my cover.
Which is? Are you always this bloody rude or have we just caught you on a bad day?
"Crappy paper, crappy cup of coffee."
"I'm swamped right now, man. My work's kicking my ass, and I got a lot of stuff to do around the house."
Come in and just fuck up my family?
I pray for God to crush me… break me up into little pieces and start all over again.
It's all damn creepy.
The Turkish cock block is not in the spirit of friendship. But it is something that friends do.
His dead man switch is useless.
"They treat their contract like shit, Howard."
She's just an animal!
Won't fucking shut up.
Medical care for rape.
Alright. No one messes with the crazy guy.
"So you can dump on everyone here if you want, but you will not hurt me."
I'm sorry. Nobody asked her to blow her head off in our van.
"That's life, buddy. Shit ain't fair."
A young bitch like you can meet real trouble in this dog's city.'
I've gone and cooled the damn table.
Everyone dies on me.'
All that sex.
"He's killing women, just like his girlfriend was killed in '58!"
Gimme your leg.
"Ms Smith, when you're done fumigating the gates of hell."
"I'm not particularly fond of him, and he is sort of a jerk, but what can you do?"
"Oh, gosh darn it."
I know I have to be nice to my fellow man or I'll get a punch in the kisser.
You shitheads think you can play pool?
I feel stupid.
"Well, someone fucked up."
"But you should know more than me, ain't no better cure for the blues than some good pussy."
AUTO KUDLÁČEK spol. s r.o.
This is a man who dedicated his life to making money by lying with every breath he could muster to keep murderers and rapists on the streets.
"The garrison commander had wanted them present for the Adjunct's arrival - he suspected Tavore would desire to question them - and Hood knows, those irreverent bastards could do with a blistering…"
"Thank you very much, I really appreciate an honest citizens like yourself helping us out ongoing search raid and shit thank you very much."
Is it weird to get married in a suit That you may have worn while banging a female rodeo clown?
Snaps your neck like a dried-out twig.
"If you think that when you sell a brick, pieces of it don't end up in fucking high schools..."
I can help you because I know how sick you are.
You like me because I'm a scoundrel.
I could ask you the same damn thing.
"He wanted to ask her how it worked, but he didn’t want to look like a goddam dummy, so he asked her where she got the wires instead."
To die.
You know me. Money ain't a goddamn thing.
Death.
You never have. Bullshit.
Are you gonna leave me hanging?
A cock's egg.
"""I love you"" really means ""do you love me?"" And ""I own you""... ...and all that crap. - That's not true."
"Ah, so that's what it takes to screw every woman in the family, huh?"
"Kitty, that's nonsense. He's not on drugs... he's just weird."
"If the process continued, he would die."
What the hell's that?
I'm a fucking demon.
"The way she fucked with people's heads, I should have stayed in bed."
"Well, putting aside the pig Latin... ...it's a good that you decided to end the relationship... ...so I didn't have to end it for you."
Charge Mr. Maclean with statutory rape.
"My Mexican colleague, a two-fisted professional... ...was kind enough to hang him for me."
How about hiring a couple of thugs to do your dirty work for you?
"He began to shout names at me, like... ""Army slut"" and other names."
"All the evil comes from you, the communists."
Is it okay for Megan to slam her elbow into that girl's neck like that?
"""Hey, bum-fuck police, I'm being chased by a guy..."
"You, Marcie, exposed as a murderer.’"
Fucking guy back there with a bazooka!
What if I suck there?
"Go home, you look like crap."
Out of pure fear and anxiety we start shooting like lunatics.
Is he fucking talking to the lion?
He fucking shot me!
Her mother was going crazy.
"I'm kind of fucking pissed, but I'm kind of like this is the most amazing thing I've ever seen."
How the hell would you know how I feel?
I'll bust you!
"Hit him, chef. Hit him!"
That you're fucking a ninth-grader or that you just got dumped by one?
"The detail's amazing-- Those fucking Germans, man, their craftsmanship is unmatched."
Suppose they'll both hang sooner or later.
Can't you keep your mouth shut?
"""Are you shitting me, Ace?"""
We gotta charge her or kick her.
"What the hell is wrong with you, man?"
God damn!
"Damn, I could've won 838,000!"
"That is, having fallen on the roof, burnt and in unspeakable torment, I might have sought a desperate mental escape, projecting my image and my strength into Sybelle's apartment long enough to kill her brother."
"He peeled off one or two packages, roll around the neighborhood, givin' away free vials and shit."
"Spike, wait! Damn."
"Damn, you caught me red-handed!"
"A local anesthetic in your back will numb the pain, but if you feel discomfort,liz can always give you a bullet to bite down on."
It's come to my attention you have a Negro in your employ. Is that true?
"Rotten, ungrateful son!"
"""I don't like doin', I ain't doing this shit no more."""
"Go on, fuck off!"
Why not? Hell
Take the brown one and the walking stick with tits with you!
I'll Slug you!
He was shit-scared of going to prison.
"No, it's a stupid privacy thing."
"(Jake) Oh, crap, he saw us."
"Now, go find his junkie ass."
"Since then I've been shot at, beaten and hunted like an animal."
Are you guys mentally challenged?
Go hang out with your bearded freak friends.
Whoa! Did you just spit in my face?
Kaori's gonna die!
He's puked or he's dead.
"Hey, coach, this Q.B. shit isjust too easy, man."
They suck. You said there was a witness.
The dick...
"The middle two, James and Sarah, resent the extra attention Timmy got... ...so they fuck up in school to punish us."
A cynic.
"Must be fun to be dead, right?"
"""I won't come in your mouth."""
We've been in bad situations before. DICK:
Shit! Come here.
"I sucked her husband's cock, and it made me realize we all make mistakes."
Are you fucking kidding me?!
"43 Mike Fire, Cover 3 like fucking champions. Defense!"
"Like the whole fucking world was manufactured... ...for our wants and needs, you know?"
It would be a suicide.
"I get back home, I had fucking crabs."
Someone in the hushed bar suddenly laughed raucously at how stupid everyone had become.
No one's saying shit.
No reason. I just stupidly thought that the people who loved her would actually believe she's innocent.
I wanna take a bit of you inside me.
Tried to shoot one of the veterans at the Memorial today.
"""Look who is calling whom an animal,"" growled the Cowardly Lion."
"Without you, they just worthless hungs of plastics."
"Oh, shit, there's another one."
"Now, as I hear it, she left town and he went nuts."
He put that fucking truck in my hand so I could carry out His will. Made me kill that man and those girls. He didn't give me the strength to stay and save them.
That or someone's trying to cut me in two with an axe.
"Well, you do got a big-ass dick for a white boy."
She's damn near 30 and not married.
This is going to be the most ridiculous thing ever.
"Well, I'd love to say I don't begrudge you a penny, Charlie, but I'm a shitty liar."
He's fucked up before.
"Starving women asking for bread. On Tamskaya Avenue, the pigs were eating and drinking and dancing!"
I don't want a degenerate child.
Whoever killed Rodriguez doesn't give a damn about Wills.
"Buck goes through so much crap that he goes to live with some wolves, and he'd rather kill for his own food than talk to other people."
The asshole from Fashionable Male!
"""Why not just kill myself and end it all?"""
"You have fucking problems, lady!"
I just don't wanna see you get your heart broken.
"As in, ""Oh God, that woman has AIDS."""
"Now, I'd be a fool if I didn't think you were all chit-chatting about another event that happened recently, but I'm here to tell you the truth."
"Shit, I never thought of that."
"Are you a vampire, werewolf, zombie, witch or alien?"
"But I do know this: If you keep cracking jokes and taking another drink and pretending that life is one big, stupid party, you will miss everything."
Pretend you're a gangster.
Where is the god of tits and wine?
"Ugh. - Big police officer, my ass."
"'Why so morose, old horse?' asked Sieben, as they neared the outcrop of rocks."
"Say what you want... ...if you keep it up like that... ...you'il be sorry... ...l tell you, fool that I am."
"Right, and rule number one of Cougar Club is you don't fucking talk about Cougar Club!"
Shut up and deal.
"""Yer-bugger, Tia still pisses herself one day out of every six, and can be counted on to shit herself once a moon, as well,"" Jaffords said."
"Take Bobo and Lulu too, because Miss Levitt will have a fuckin' heart attack."
"Maybe some of them had committed crimes a little more heinous than the others – Michael's killing four people comes to mind – but frankly, in my mind … they all sucked."
"Ah, shit."
"Damn, this was like a meeting with in­vestment bankers—the pirate kind—on Wall Street."
It was fucking horrible.
"""You were first a coiner and then a murderer, and you came to these parts because you thought you'd be welcome."""
"Shut up. Sounded like ""Flynn"" from over here."
Pam? - You're not my friend. You're a Decepticon.
Shit! Let it go!
"I figured I'd ask for something really crazy, so she'd shoot me down and get the whole"
"As he went down, Mara disarmed him with a cut through the wrist, then stabbed him through the chest and melted his heart."
"You know, I never asked to write your damn book."
"At the worst, the evidence room fucked up, not us."
Today we're bringing the ugliness inside you out into the open.
"And if you kill yourself, they make you pay for the sessions you miss."
I spend half my day tiptoeing around creative crybabies and the other half drinking with ungrateful turnips who just fell off the truck.
I hate you so completely!
"Oh, I... look, damn it, he's the one in trouble here, not me."
"What'd you have,a clown for breakfast this morning?"
LANA: Oh shit.
Yeah. Nobody talks shit about you except me.
"Head swaying, he stared down at the floor in front of his feet as if he might see a pile of bloody brains vomited there."
Come to shoot me?
You don't know what it's fucking like over there!
"What, you think I can just walk in and take this shit?"
Do you live with this nut-job?
Get the hell away from her!
My son is shagging both his daughters!
It's a white man's wet dream.
"""To bang his commander's wife?"""
"You're fuckin' 20 minutes late, man."
I've got this totally obnoxious boss.
"We're shooting everywhere at everything, until nightfall."
"kill you. yeah, it might not be a bad idea to give him some space while we see how this whole thing plans out. michael, look out."
I can hearthat shit through my floor.
It's some warehouse shit.
"Come on, Sadie, you spend most of your waking hours making people miserable."
"He's a two-time loser, lives a mile from where Gloria Torres was shot... ...and works four blocks from where an H&K was stolen in December."
"If I was my real size, your cow here would die of fright."
Kicked his ass again.
All this responsibility at such an early age made her a bitchy flibbertigibbet.
"You never fuckin' mentioned it to me once, Pope!"
"As it happens, I agree with my mother: profanity and vulgarity is the language of the ignorant and the verbally challenged."
"I don’t wanna hear old sad bastard music, Barry."
"Damn, it's good to have you back."
"""I mean...he thought he fucking was Maxwell Demon in the end, you know?"""
Not for his brain.
"I'm talking about getting rid of that floral print monstrosity, taking it outside, pissing on it and burning it, and then you know what, we'll replace it with something simple, something from..."
"You get no immunity from me, you piece of shit."
You can't miss. Unless the Western Union dicks get a hold of it.
Well Mads has committed suicide.
You whoring like your old man?
"Oh, the chefs are cursed, yeah."
They're Fascists!
"'Pears to me they're foolish to hold service in the face of all those riled Injuns."""
The thugs did it that way in India.
"Oh, give me a fuckin' break."
"Reagan, no one forced you to take all those special ops, tactical driving, threat assessment spy crap. Come on, Sarge."
What the hell he's supposed to tell them?
"My boss is breaking my balls, making me work weekends."
"Hey! I told you, don't touch my fucking stuff!"
"Thiscamera in my eye, it sucks."
Give me that damn guitar!
Sorry?! Do you know how much it sucks using a hand-cranked vibrator?
"Throwing the guy off the roof, very subtle."
"What the fuck is that supposed to mean? ""...detrimental to gaming and he will be ejected from any casino in Las Vegas."
Get your God damn knees on the ground.
They are a miserable excuse for a ruling class.
You're nasty. That's why you got syphilis.
"""You'll be sick and I won't be anything to you."""
Who would you like first murder?
"""Doubt that Elbryan there, our lord protector, ever saw the damned thing."""
Why would Mrs. Hallet put her own keys... ...through her own goddamn office mailbox?
"Shit, I might'a handed him a card."
And a fuckload of cheese.
"Sarah, Laura stopped taking my calls just about the time that that book came out claiming that my daughter is the monster who created the monsters who are scaring the shit out of half the country."
"We wanna know. Take him to the kennel, sic the dogs on his ass."
You've got balls.
Says you're screwing him.
"Just shot, as far as I know."
She annihilated me.
ln the new century... I think we will all be insane.
You're going to catch your death of cold.
If the governor and the courts turn us down... ...Matt's gonna be dead in six days.
"And you go to the cops, I'll make it look like you cut her pretty little head off."
There's more to life than two men farting.
Like a crackhead?
"And now thatyou're done mopping the floor, get me a beer, killer."
Must be one hell of a woman.
Tell your friend it's a stupid idea.
Ugly.
Richards.
Your time is gone and you don't even fucking realize it.
Are you serious? I'm a fucking demon. You'd have him assault me with a putter?
Are you saying he's fucking better than me?
You must kill him! Peel him alive!
Hecky was looking to screw me from the start.
I can use my bliss to cure your daughter.
"I suspect, mother... That Indians bleed and feel their grief same as we do."
Burning!
"As your attorney, I advise you to drive at top speed... or it'il be a goddamn miracle if we can get there before you turn into a wild animal."
Slide your fucking phones up.
I lived in a fucking war zone with you.
"I thought she was just a bored, bitter, Newpsie."
"With a gun, aim for the head."
I can't get close enough to Slade to hit him with the cure.
It's damned cold out there Warm in here
"You think just leaving her in there all alone will scare her straight, but what it really does... it makes her feel like no one gives a shit about her."
Soothe the mad beast with one of those sedatives of yers.
You liar!
"Neither man would do something so foolish, but both agreed that a cold beer wasn't all that bad an idea in the abstract."
And I will hate you until I die.
"Can't fuck a Georgie. - “I want you inside me, Georgie."""
This geezer is a bloody joke.
Shit.
Where's my goddamn camcorder?
"The first kill in his cycle of three is always a woman,"
Every piece of shit car in this hellhole is dead.
Fuck it! I need my own place.
Get this silly bottle out of here!
"Then she threw herself on the edge of her desk, and started screaming that I kicked her in the stomach."
You're freaking me.
"Even after I shot him, he kept coming at me, so I pulled the trigger again."
Anybody ever touch your rat?
"You lucky that I showed up when I did, 'cause you know that redneck was gonna rape you with a stick."
"And they ain't gonna start including us in their nigger movie night, either."
"""Fuckin' A,"" said Catsoulis."
When I can trust they won't tell my cunt ex-wife where I am.
You can't act like a hoodlum in here.
"I'm kinda glad that he did, 'cause, goddamn, you look sexy."
She's a plain old snake.
Do the shit nobody wants to do.
The boss is one of those whore who French used in Algeria and Chile.
Don't let him suck you in.
"""Damn!"""
"Yeah, it sucks I got her the wrong doll, but..."
"But I'm always on zipper patrol. And if that's true, there's definitely some ""little penis, big world"" action going on down there."
I say she chooses suicide?
"Instead of underpants, I covered my crotch with potato salad this morning."
Gross!
It's only for losers like Goof.
Love those dick jokes.
I got three days to damn suitcase Evil Sivle to give.
Get off of him!
Squabbling over him like a couple of kids while his balls ache and his broken jaw throbs and his sight drowns in blood.
You stole this off that lady zombie in the trunk.
That is pathetic.
"Oh, here we fucking go."
You will find the murderer as ... a firefly.
"""The obvious conclusion is that he was a homosexual,"" she said."
'you've got to be a suck-up if you haven't got your own country.
"I thought, ""I'm losing my fucking mind."
It'il suck the life out of you!
"Before then, I'll smash their carriers and capture Hawaii."
"And why has Freddie Nesbitt brought that awful, common little wife ofhis?."
"But if this lesbian thing is bullshit and you just don't want me, then say."
Who the hell is that?
And that now you're just covering your butt Because you're worried about a malpractice suit.
We gotta get rid of this body before anyone sees it!
We will chuck him in the river or the ocean.
Are you eating garbage bagels?
"His outlook on life, as he often expressed it, was ""Go like hell and go to the grave satisfied."""
"Sorry, I'm here with your nonsense."
"So fuck it, I told him."
Your brother was used and then eliminated.
I can't take this shit no more.
"Instant death, old man."
"You've been fucking a married guy for five years, you've got a dog named cat stevens, and I'm insane? Point taken."
Bullshit. I was reacting to Mandy.
"I don't want to make a martyr of her, just shut her down."
This is just too fucking much.
Half the losers on this bus had nothing to do with us making it to state.
No shit. No shit.
The good ones die...
They call a girl like her a lobster.
The gods puked up his flesh so he could still father more cannibals and killers.
Whatever you hit me with took me down. I feel fucking drugged.
"""Your clear white light is sickness,"" I tell the White Logic."
I'm gonna get the FBI on your ass!
Mary has a hump.
"You know what, you got a big fucking mouth, okay? I got my wife checking the messages every 45 minutes calling the office, saying,"
The water came only to his shins.
"""A-huh!"" ejaculated Bo."
"As he snapped a rubber band around it, he said, ‘Gentlemen, don’t fuck up."
You're loony. The Black Knight always triumphs!
"""Awards are like hemorrhoids. Sooner or later every asshole gets one."""
Aah! Shit!
Now I can't get his fucking hand to let go.
Fucks are in their flag.
"A policewoman and a guy, another guy, shot another guy... ...an Asian guy, in the window, at fucking Ted's house."
"I mean, most of the time it's disastrous, or quietly crap."
They took my fucking index finger.
Do you remember when we were children begging for scraps like those wretches?
"Hated them for their arrogance, their corruption, for their privilege, their better food, their luxurious housing, their personal servants."
I followed you... all the way to that shitbag hotel.
writing is the only profession where no one considers you ridiculous if you earn no money
"How 'bout instead of making love, we fuck this time, huh?"
I don't want to be jammedup against the steering wheel in my sisters car the first time we have sex.
What fucking deception?
"I'm going to take a sample of your spinal fluid, and it's going to hurt !"
Don't kill him.
"Now that you're going, who is gonna kick my ass every day?"
"Get a shave, ugly!"
Don't fuck this up.
"Oh, now you're my fucking business advisor!"
But this shit?
You don't know the crap they do to me just so I can come in here and see you.
"I ate them all, sucker."
Do you think that I'm a narcissist or a horse's ass?
"The Americans, with Billy among them, formed a fools' parade on the road outside."
"You're not by-the-book, Captain. You wrote the damn thing."
He was dreadfully afraid that he might have to have her head cut off.
You're not some crusty old tyrant who enjoys yelling at me.
You almost took off my frickin' fingers!
He didn't pay shit but I could think of worse ways to spend the day.
"Well, remind yourself that when you're standing next to me on the podium. Damn it!"
I'm gonna go buy some socks and some other crap.
You can't come around chicks and play bombs over Tokyo.
I couldn't live with myself if I turned you into a vampire.
A sexy striptease should be.
What the hell are you expecting to see?
I might kiss you.
You with the filthy apron.
"A crap bucket! And lzzie's all, ""Marriage is an adventure, just the two of us, exploring the wild."""
The guys I called my uncles not even one of them punished me Damn it
"Come back tomorrow, there's gonna be a hell of piss right here,"
Get the fuck out.
"They dragged her into the woods in the middle of winter, and tied her to a fucking tree to die."
"Are you telling me you just didn't go into town and raise hell, huh?"
"Yeah, when we were carrying you to bed, you correctly pointed out that we were arguing about stuff that was stupid, and so we talked it out."
You're having sex?
"""Och, tis the lad who saved M'boto's arse!"" MacRory grinned, and M'boto nodded firmly."
"Mi Ho, you should be crying."
Let's go gank ourselves a paris hilton.
I'm in a place where people won't be crawling up each other's asshole every day.
"You don't know lucky you are, being a monkey."
"I don't take orders from big, clumsy, galumphing... Shoo!"
"Actually fuck that, it's Paddington Bear!"
I'll love you with both: every gay beat of my heart
Your libretto's ridiculous!
"No, it wasn't a stupid song. Because you showed me that I have the power and the strength to do anything I want."
"First I need to test the flatlining procedure on this arsonist now that we know he's a beast, too."
"If we all get killed out of this, nobody's going to run."
But he was too fucking scared to go to his funeral.
"Sir, there are other means of persuasion besides killing and threatening to kill."
We'il all die if we stay!
That we turned some nutjob into a super villain?
I was a vicious....murderer.
Is crazy... but I'm going to die.
Kill his son. I overhead them say that they're moving your father to Black Rock.
"Shoe boxes filled with human body parts, soup bowls made from human skulls, a belt studded with women's nipples."
"Man, he hit Elliot right in the damn throat,"
I'll kick you back my third of the cut.
"You kids have balls, I can use you."
Why waste any bullets on shit?
"Sarah, do you think I'm a loser? - A loser?"
"You bunk with me 'cause I'm the best pilot in the whole damn Army, and you're just hoping you're gonna learn something."
You stay put and cover our ass!
"Everyone moves to miami to die, which means we have more junk than any city in america."
"Anyway, Hélène's a lesbian."
I've had sex with him.
They wanna stick you in the hole forever.
Holy crap!
He smells like morphine sulfate!
But why does this jerk want to die so young?
You are a public danger!
She kills without remorse.
You got the balls for that?
"He saw her sitting in her rocking chair, wearing a pair of shorts and a halter top over what boobs she had, which wasn’t much."
The residents of the Valley Daixiangou have your men slain.
I found out where the fuckin' Reaper guy is.
"Now, get the fuck out of my way, Duke."
"That Queen was mad, and the Queen of Castile is also mad."
I was sure you'd be dead by now.
"Everybody, shut up, because-- Check it out-- I'm gonna be good at it, so"
You're crazy.
Give me some of your poison!
"When they find out what goes on in that house, it'd be like Frankenstein, when the villagers surround the castle and then burn it to the fucking ground."
Why the hell are you going out with a schlep?
"People who are too miserable, one has to flee them..."
"Well, what the hell are we gonna shoot?"
"I know, stupid, it came from France."
And I ain't got a damn thing to do.
"While you're thinking about pussy... I'm talking about Henry Kim... and his ""struggling immigrant from South Central"" tap dance."
I hope he doesn't suffocate.
Sorry boys suck.
Take my fucking coke?!
Anyone that had any brain in his head fled from here.
"Our married son has affairs with transsexuals, and you stand there calling them issues?"
"Well, we'll either be killed at the hands of hungry citizens or die of starvation."
You're vain and bored.
"What is this, fucking Christmas?"
"You've only got sons, so you're safe, but we - Goddamn it!"
"Look, thanks for your help back there. For a moment I thought you were gonna kill me."
I don't remember askin' you a goddamn thing!
"If you don't stop whistling, I'll rip your lips off."
"""Perfect Tens of the Big Ten,"" some shit like that."
What fucking deception?
"You gonna pull the trigger, or you gonna talk me to death?"
The people of Ben Tuey are very bad.
"No kids, good teeth, and no kinky sex."
"If winners don't do drugs, how come Simon was off with lovely Tara whilst I was stuck with two morons, half a lager and a bottle of cough syrup?"
"You got to make her stop With that stupid song, dad."
"BALTHAZAR: Akkadian, you are riding to your death. If I let you ride alone..."
"For two hours he listened, and when it was over he soberly poured the man a drink and poured one for himself and clinked glasses with Chris the doughnut deliveryman who could take that rotten old piano and make the damn thing sing."
I know how you break into everyone's office at night and rub your disgusting...
I don't know. Time to start killing pheasants?
"And on the other hand, he's going to paint A picture of Ccassius that makes him seem like He's some angry black cop holding a smoking gun."
He treated her like dirt.
"This is my life, fuck."
"If we hit him, it'il take out half of Utopia colony."
If I don't die... ...I'll forgive all of you.
"Okay, so you buy her a house... ...and I assume you were fucking her in said house. She of the magical, house-earning pussy."
"Pick one to die, captain."
This bitch is poison.
"But now they could accuse him rightfully of murder, which meant that some police force might try to arrest him, and then how could he get the word out to stop those fucking druids from doing what they said they'd do?"
"Scurrying from office to office, like a vermin."
Every boat needs a little rat on it. So why don't you call them up and see if they want you back?
"Judge say, ""Mr. Petey Greene,we charging you with using your dick"
"You lock up every liar, there's no room in B.D.C. For anyone else, right?"
"Fool, you shouldn't be here."
You wouldn't mind if he punched him out.
"Frankly, Mr. Riker, you're the worst applicant we've ever had."
You know what's gonna happen if you shoot that thing off.
Cold pizza sucks. I'm gonna go warm this up.
"What the fucking hell happened here, Sarge?"
"Eric, I cannot go out with this freak again!"
In the world... ...the only time anybody noticed mewas when I fucked something up.
You know how to shoot?
"Stupid, he's a music professor."
"Give them a little psychology, then beat them up."
"Fuck, I wish that'd never happened."
"Oh, face the facts, ducks."
"If you want to cut me, come on!"
"You seem like a nice man, but this is none of your goddamn business."
Do you think the only job I can do is to pick rubbish?
"Is that what you're fucking saying to me right now, Hector?"
"Fuck, you need a few mints."
Nonsense... ...That she had lived in Rocksford 270 years ago and that she was a witch
"I got a gun in my face, for starters."
Could you maybe not hit on my mom in front of me?
Or maybe I was a whore.
We should probably go to sleep before you piss me off again.
"Oh, damn, I forgot to ask what happened to that Pardu ghost-slayer…"
Stephen's having sex with the Ultra agent who tried to kill me?
You mustn't worry about those filthy peasant rags... ...which you were no doubtforced to don.
"Hey, to the ballsiest guy on the sixth floor, huh?"
"Do not fuckin' talk, all right?"
"Francine throwing my shit out, I have a... trying to find an apartment, trying to get a job, trying to set up this website."
So sick teachin' kids to hate like this.
"Then what the hell are you, we, am I, answered the other side."
The three of them are lepers.
Kick-Ass because I am.
A little black on brown.
"That's for the garbage he will be in in just one minute, and you'll clean it up yourself."
No fucking ghosts of... ...fallen warriors from the Middle Ages willshow up.
"Ever since what happened happened, any thought or memory of him has been something just to run my mind as far as fuck away from as I can get, and..."
You want to make me look ridiculous?
I'm certainly not gonna let you boobs... ...pull this job without your best man.
What the fuck are you doing?
You can't play the piano with half a brain.
Be honest... is this just an excuse for being shit at table football?
"I promise I'll pay better than Chuck ""Little Dick"" Liddell!"
"Shoot, I gotta take this."
So give them sex movies and ideas?
But you didn't do a damn thing in your video.
"You mind getting the fuck out of my way, son?"
"And, honestly, when you couldn't help me find Vincent, which was the only reason I saved your sorry ass in the first place, I should've just left well enough alone when your beast side died, you know what I mean?"
"""Thousands of Years Ago. "" You randomly string words together... that make up ridiculous stories of things that never happened and never will!"
Now she's even screwing the Germans.
"Hicks, whoever's left, get the hell..."
Not some pissant bastard like you or me.
"The next morning, everybody even remotely connected with Zalasta and his renegade Styrics would be found with his throat cut."
I got fuckin' lost on that...
"Hey, what the hell are you doin'?"
"You make it damn clear that it may be a military facility, but we have custody."
We will fight you.
He hasn't told me shit about you.
"A stupid government would have eliminated all such, but a stupid government degenerates into stagnancy or loses its vitality and growth potential by standardization."
You better fuck off now.
"I have to get it back, or somebody's gonna have my ass."
He comes sucking around one day and talks to Cunningham; then he comes sucking around on a day when Cunningham isn't here and wants to know how come the kid is lying about how much damage Repperton and his dogturd friends (of whom the late and unlamented Peter 'Moochie' Welch was one) did to Cunningham's Plymouth.
These people are amateurs. - Crazy.
They've been sucking my blood since I was a kid.
Call me when you give a fuck.
"Shit, he hit my eyes!"
That girl's attached to the Hell's chain... She's one of them now.
Are you screwing with me?
Thank God we don't have to hear about this awful man anymore.
I'm talking about the junk.
We've caught that hard-nosed little punk in 50 lies and he still admits nothing.
"In maybe 15, 20 years, when my rep for being a sissy man finally fades."
The Thing! is his dork made of orange rock like the rest of his body?
"So I relaxed and gave in to the notion that, for the very first time in my life, I knew exactly what was going to happen next. Fuck."
"And if I were you, I’d watch my ass with her."
Don't Do die on me!
He went whacko and killed a girl.
What about my shit?
I should have known they was fucking chronics.
"Those ""dears"" sound like daggers."
"Blind, wizened man."
I want to undress you.
You are undead. You're alive.
"It's a question of honor. Sounds stupid, but I need this."
He can fix your ovaries with a laser.
I'm afraid that you might have a heart attack.
You want to spend the rest of your life shuffling cards in this dump?
"Shut up, Smiley!"
"His gaze rose slowly, taking in the faded jeans snugged down over the boots, the leather belt with the brass buckle (various astrological signs inside a pair of concentric circles), the jeans jacket with a button pinned to each of the breast pockets-a smiley-smile face on one, a dead pig and the words HOW'S YOUR PORK on the other."
Everybody's gonna die
"And, if he decides to make a surprise visit... that's the day we sent you to Tustin to pick up a load of shit."
"You should fuck her on her plastic-covered couch. Fuck her while she watches Murder, She Wrote."
You have not been in New bloody Zealand.
"Are we gonna just live with each other forever and anytime we feel lonely or vulnerable, we have hot sex?"
But this Carmen crap?
I'm gonna call up Morris and get the band together. We're gonna party our asses off.
I can taste... ...your stink.
"Well, cut him down."
looked like a goddamn giant chewed them up and spit them out.
Just get the hell out of here.
"It would be foolish to go in unarmed, but he had to."
Now we weren't educated like the Americans.. . ...but we had the balls to take what we wanted.
"Carlene, why did you suck my daughter into your creepy celibacy club?"
"The Soviets reached this facility before we did, and we lost the damn thing."
Shit! They turned off the energy switch!
Will you please lower that damned gun?'
"""Sylvia--Oh dammit, what can I say?"
Did you tell him that no one sends me anywhere in this fucking agency?
I... I will pull this fucking trigger.
Chien Fu... ...you've been the punching bag again?
"You just don't want us to know the truth, - do ya? - Bullshit!"
She was a good bitch.
"It's no use threatening to kill me,"
You gotta get out of here before they come here and do a Daniel Pearl on your ass too.
"Yeah, he's kind of goofy sometimes, too."
"With my weak-willed girlie mind, I'll go too."
The bully's sister was horribly burned.
That's the only damn reason.
"I figure if you take a state policeman... ...his gun, shoot his car, lock'im in the trunk... ...it's best to get on out of the state if you can."
"You yelled at the new guy that you won't die because of him, so quit the friendship bullshit!"
It's just some weirdo.
"""Jim, now, we need you to treat them niggers nice."""
All hitting yourself in the head and shit.
"Hands off the head, pal!"
I'll put a bullet right between her eyes!
"Since baby-Jesus thief there slowed a bullet with his neck... ...the blue stuffs vanished from town, okay?"
Buck Teeth So! - Stupid!
He felt like getting up and punching George right in the face.
"Fine, it's always a pushover with Germans."
"Uh, yeah, um, how about something sharp so I can slit my wrists?"
"""Oh shit,"" said Howie, softly."
"Everyone, shut up !"
You treacherous little!
"""Don't be foolish!"
Got another five years in this rat hole.
Say something about her breasts.
The monster is wounded to death.
"See, I don't wanna sit around The rest of my life Thinking about this shit."
"Damn, dude, that hoodie doesn't even have a logo on it!"
Good. Now get the fuck out of here so I can get some sleep.
They're the manipulators who don't give a good goddamn about anything but their own personal interests.
I reacted swiftly and decisively by hammering a fist into Mark Pulsford's gut.
"He's no good to anyone, he's a goof."
"Well, that crazy Cupid is just full of surprises, isn't he?"
"Oh, great, my new scary boss and her amazing chest, butt, feet...."
"So, what I'm saying, nitwits, is that Christmas is over when I say it's over."
Do you think because it's your birthday you can be a bitch?
One day Quint was going to die at Tal’s hands.
I should have taken that crummy cashier's job.
You want it fucking faster?
"""Foot Fuckers 2:"
I would like much to have a cook as sexy as you.
I'm a fucking wreck.
"And I'd wash your pants if I were you, Snivellus.'"
You killed them all.
"I want to throw a punching bag up at the bar for Guys' Night, but my car's not working, so can I get a ride?"
Cade the Killer.
"If you really want to kill, you don't miss, not at that range."
I won't do a clown for anybody here.
We want everyone to read in Le Monde some famous Arab terrorist is dead.
"Because she knew I'd wake up late, dress like a cowgirl, and humiliate myself."
March 13. A military officer... is seriously wounded by Yemen's first... donkey bomb.
What shut up?
Suck it sharks!
"Apart from the man, who was fatter than Colon, there were a couple of trolls who appeared to be operating a grindstone."
"Be a jerk. I'd go in,but I'd have to keep my injury dry."
"If you're capable, you'il be standing in my position right now, you are so foolish."
You're too beautiful. It's ridiculous.
I'm going to miss you losers.
Even if what you got is a woman that's built like mashed potatoes.
"For the last time, the only thing I like about Richard... is his big, throbbing, rock-hard, perfect dick."
"No, I'll make it any damn way I want to."
Said they were going to pick our bones clean.
We need to attack them now.
"Poleil, Queen of Disease, has allied herself with the Crippled God."
You ain't got enough in the head.
"Yes, and in that context, you threatened to kill Mr. Goldstein, and then he was killed."
"Because we're both gay, we have to hook up?"
"The coin was silver, minted in Ranke, a day's wage for a man and as much as these blowsy whores together could expect for a night."
Get down! Stay the fuck down!
Anybody need a snack from the kitchen before I take my whore's bath?
I'm sick of this name-calling crap!
I eliminated him.
"It pained him, and the sexual visits were a particularly severe blow."
Must crush Eric.
You know what? I'm not getting sucked in to your crazy reality show nonsense.
"Syd, I have got the camera... ...I have got the film... ...and I have got the fucking darkroom!"
You're dead.
How far will your venomous deceit take you before you die?
Fuck knows.
Maybe they got in your brain and you shat 'em out.
"At the stupid- high price he offered. . . . ..for this worthless piece of desert, I hope it's Custer."
Get rid of them!
I fucking am.
I'll show you fucking monsters.
How the hell can I trust a man won't eat a good old-fashioned American hot dog?
No cock pump.
"Don't pussy out on me now, Marvin."
"Dear Charlie, greetings from faggy old London."
Burn it now!
You can't get your dick hard!
Now open the fucking garage door.
"When I was pregnant with Shelly, I was driving to church, and I was praying to the Lord to give me a son smarter than his dumb-ass daddy."
I bet the one you're wearing stinks pretty bad.
Probably smelled a bear or a cat or some damn thing.
"If anyone's gonna kill him, it should be us!"
"And this is your way, abducting women and children, killing unarmed servants?"
Are you bastards playing with us?
This stuff will kill an elephant.
Just sold him a kilo of inositol for 20 fucking grand.
"In a couple of weeks, no one's gonna give a shit about you."
"Well, let's abolish them!"
Six days of undercover gone to shit.
"A killer. A dyed-in-the-wool killer, cold-blooded, clean and methodical."
Go yank it on the pitcher's mound at Dodger Stadium.
Fuck.
"On my side, shit!"
"I've got an ALC attack to stop, and Langley decides to send the one officer whose ass I had to save the last time she was down here."
"I was so close, but when your own men screw you...."
"You know, ""my no-good son-in-law couldn't even afford to buy his family a damn house."""
Top secret shit between you and your brother.
Do you want Whitney to get her finger cut off?.
"It took a while, but I finally put his ass out to pasture."
"Richie, don't be a fool !"
I will piss rich.
"Kill somebody, huh?"
All we gotta do now... is just hop out of the car - and we hop in a fucking grave. - Hop.
"""This room stinks,"" I said."
"Help me hold him, dammit!"
And to think I voted for that prick five times.
"Billy, now that you've got ass-hair on your head, do you wash your hair, or do you just wipe?"
You go first in cade there's a group of inbred pig farmers.
"When I think of that poor, defenceless girl in their filthy hands..."
Why shouldn't I hit you?
There's not a bomb in that damn bag is there?
Goddamn cab can't drive.
I get to see your eyes while I fillet the woman of your dreams right in front of you!
And I stole them from the clinic Because they're $15 at the store. So you're a thief.
Don't fuck with these guys.
You're fucking lying.
"Lt's time for you to take your bird and leave, freako."
"What.. so it's okay for his motherto take the bullet, and not him..."
I know it's not the same thing as- Just shut up.
"He really killed them, you know."
He was a goon with a badge.
That shit's an investment.
What the hell got into you?
Raistlin spoke like a teacher to a dullard pupil.
Are you going to puke?
That's some very heavy shit for early morning by the sounds of it.
"And here it catches up to us again, to do what's in its nature... to lie to us and confuse us and steal what we come to by toil and being lucky just once in our fucking lives."
"Stop lending the Gallaghers our shit, V."
Arse.
So what is all this bullshit about his father's keíretsu?
You're going to be sitting on some clown-fish.
Get your goddamn hands off my motherfucking junk!
"If you have sex, is he going to tell you what percentile you're at?"
"What should I want with a silly old stethoscope?"""
"Well, the master is amazed at how badly you almost fucked it up."
We gotta find Tig's other spawn before this psycho barbecues her.
Dump them and go.
"What if― Behind her, Mark screamed again like some horrible prophet, and she hated him."
"It doesn't look innocent, it looks like heroin addict."
Killing people.
"Open this door, god-damn it!"
Don't ever do that shit again.
"It is our best chance to shrink the part of the tumor on your optic chiasm. Oh, crap."
He is an animal in a trap and he doesn't care.
This is some cool shit fit for a real nigga.
I'm tired of being raped!
You are a loud lady with a nice caboose.
"Best not give him another reason to crawl up our asses, you know?"
"This bloodsucking, soulless defense attorney"
"She was a-- She was a complete basket case, and he made her that way."
"I mean, an evil, horrible genius."
What the hell's wrong with that bird?
"ln the back of cars, she'd put a coat on our laps... ...and grab my hand and stick it between her legs."
Why in the hell is this progressing so rapidly?
Stop screwing around.
"In the future, I tell you to do a thing, you fucking do it."
"Damn, man, you hurt my feelings."
"Kelso, tell her the truth, or I'm gonna touch you with Mrs. Forman's special occasion panties."
"""Not the same script, for fuck's sake. ""'No, Captain, I cannot do that, Captain."
"I SENSE THE CONSCIOUSNESS CALLING TO YOU FROM SPACE... YOUR HUMAN BLOOD IS TOUCHED BY IT, SPOCK."
"""Take them into the desert as the traitor suggested for the boy."
Even the damned deserve a night off. ♪
"You're a total smeghead, aren't you, Rimmer?"
"He would shave away Tom’s hair, cut a window out of his skull and remove as much of the lesion as possible from his brain."
"The idiot brother'd be sent off to the priesthood. –Your brother's a doctor, isn't he? –Yes."
"You said they were friends, Guajiro... ...but there ain't no friends in this shit business."
And I'm gonna see her boobs.
Where do you go while I kill myself onstage?
"I didn't come here to take anything away from you, but I'm not gonna be your lapdog."
Looks like your brain's still in one piece.
Disgusting boy!
"the outcasts, the freaks, the future fuckups of America, but their teacher loved them and they loved him back."
You don't see what a fuck-up I am.
I want my fucking shit.
It wasn't you who took that meat fork from the drawer... ...and stuck it in his throat.
How the hell do you think I got this?
What the hell is that?
"I base it on suffering... prognosis, will to live, whether they're a pain in the ass or not."
"""You are damned right, 'Yeah, sure!'"" Rachel said."
I'm only gonna play the black players in the final game tomorrow.
You believe in this heaven shit? I don't know.
Just 'cause somebody from my garage called one of those assholes... - that doesn't make me an accessory to murder.
"Has he per any fucking chance returned from Gayville, Dan, which he had never been to?"
This is so stupid to do on television.
"Or ""Later, dickwad""."
You don't know a damned thing about poverty.
"They may be scum, but they're human beings."
Just tell him you fuckin' did it. Shhh!
Are you having a good time humiliating me like this for no damn reason at all?
"No, you're a meth-head."
You are gonna break that girl's heart.
I've Deenstuck in here for fucking hours now.
Bullshit.
And he smelled like he had just been kicked.
"Look, thanks for covering my arse earlier."
Someone might come in. You're being ridiculous.
"The first four horses in order are a bitch to win, but top-dollar pay."
"If they find out you've seen this, your life will be worth less than a truck load of dead rats in a tampon factory."
"Well, I'll just kiss those dainty nubbins."
"Roxanne was cutting them up, slicing their arms open, and they were taking it."
Now untie these before I break your bloody neck.
I told you he had a fanny!
Its your gas I want to die in!
"Baby seal, and whale ass.."
"Aspen, Colorado. Shit."
We have to get this man to a hospital or he'il die.
It'd bea fuckin' nuisance in Congress.
That's what your silly dad is there for!
I'll call him any damn thing I wanna call him.
But there's no point looking for them on here - if ever a family was a bunch of blood traitors it's the Weasleys.'
Damn it! Why the hell didn't I just come with him?
"Well, you'd be dead, and we'd have caught the guy and used him to put Jason away for murder."
"Well, what the hell is he?"
"Fuck. Okay, honey."
It sucks but it happens.
They were vaporized.
"I want to watch tv. "" now you sound like kermit."
Nobody give you no shit if you want to ride right up front on de bus!
You know what would be stupid?
And there's always somebody who just wants to get rid of some corpses Corpses like you.
He sat on the shit for a year and a half.
How the hell do you have so much of that left?
"He calls it a little jerk, but he is exceptionally strong and was in a savage emotional state."
"Well, as my private investigator put it, we're gonna nail his ass."
I'm on a mission to bed as many women as humanly possible.
"Liar! Last night, you saved her!"
And I have to do the thinking and if I did not take care of them they'd just rot in filth.
Fuckin' prick! Haven't seen you in ages.
"Hey, I'm not one to kiss and tell. Uh, but I'm also not one to have sex and shut up. We totally did it."
What the fuck have you done to Alex?
There's so much shit.
"I'm going to whale on my pecks, and then I'm going to do my back."
"Perhaps, I was the fool thinking that winter would make me safe? We will be ready for him now."
Stick our bloody heads in the sand.
Exciting shit!
So get your pants off and we'll make this a porno
"She's a fucking hero, and I won't..."
"I-I scratch your back, you scratch mine."
Are you calling my Adilyn a slut?
"I heard you wrote ""anywhere"" on your application. Dammit!"
I got you now. Damn!
Montoya shut up.
He tells him he would rather see his family dead… than live another day after this.
What the hell are you doing here?
You think I'm a fool.
"If you don't want to, I don't give a damn!"
"You have to be bitten by one, Erik."
It is a bit stupid.
"See you at the oscars, bitches."""
"I didn’t say useless, I said average"
It's my ass on the line right there beside yours.
But it sucks a little less when I get to do it with you.
"If they hurry, they just might be able to grab the bastard."
Sex parties... that's important.
"""Now you're a loser?"""
Jim shut up.
She took my money and she lied about sex with you.
Am I seeing shit because I'm stoned or because I have no blood left?
"The gossip girls over by the window, they're the sister of the son of a bitch who plays Dumbo in the corner."
This idea is that fucking bad.
Get off me!
The guy was going to die anyway.
"And I think, ""There's no way that guy is going to be funny, cos his teeth are too white."
You may have been hot shit in high school.
Those Nips are shooting right down our throats.
"Painkillers, Vicodin, all that shit."
"I would've asked, but I was too busy being unconscious after he shot me with that zat you gave him."
Get the hell out of here!
And what if... and what ifthe scum does manage it!
I got a classroom full of kids trying to figure out Moby dick.
"Cut them loose, Frank."
And they have a nice pigsty for you!
"I've never had so much fear in my life, damn it!"
"What did you do, Barney? Fuck."
Get off me.
"And after... ...you see fucking fireworks, supernovas."
So she'll die again.
"You scared me, moron."
I went to football games and blacked out and got date raped. I had abortions.
"Shit. Shut up, let me talk."
"The shit ain't free, nigger."
"Oh, fuck me."
Why don't you just handcuff me and throw me in a well Donna !
You fool me!
"To me, I'm the hardest man around, the hardest nigga, because I'm real."
Get the fucking keys.
Get the fuck out of here right now. I will handle this on my own.
Do I look like a motherfucker that has a problem making noise?
What sort of bullshit charges did they make up?
"If you saw Kang Chi as a monster, it must be because you are a monster at heart."
The worker freaks is tryin' to protect the queen freak.
"Mark is gonna hate me forever,"
"Mrs. Halverson, you have what's called a retroverted uterus."
If Gus finds out I let you go I will drink his blood.
I was just thinking how men like me can get so screwed up.
The purple wings... they're for licking a dead pussy.
"He's a, he's a Russian mobster."
What is he doing? Fool.
"No, its my fucking mother."
"Look, don't be giving me no bullshit about how you can't believe I don't know and stuff, though, okay?"
Damn! I knew they’d do that!
"Are you over here making money off of me, You wolves of wall street?"
It's not enough I get that shit out there?
Fucking leave him alone.
Those seed eating faggots...
Fuck Mick.
He's not a frickin' Stormtrooper either.
"You're so hot, she probably exploded."
You scared the shit out of me.
Peter uttered a loud and miserable groan.
"She's a woman of strong will and as such, she's currently in London tending to the poor bastards dying of the pestilence."
You're not gonna believe this shit.
"Except in their pants. Yo, let me tell you, them black boys, they got some serious trouser meat. Like, whoa!"
I'm gonna teach you how not to have sex with someone.
First she shoots the husband then she plugs the lawyer!
"Find something eternal, perpetual. Lose yourself in fuck."
"Did she admit that it was a con the bullshit custody suit, the ex?"
And that's just your prostate.
Foul! he jerked.
He wasn't expecting this shit.
"“I ask a question, you fill my head with so much shit for an answer that I throw up, and then it's my fault for asking in the first place?"
Real hell is your life gone wrong.
"To my ingrate fucking sister Etta, who will outlast me, I am writing my fucking will."
So you slept with a hooker by accident.
"Shut up, Gabriel. At that point, the killer stashed Anabelle's body in the oracle pod, not knowing that by firing the Thorian blaster, they were leaving behind crucial evidence."
Those would be your three wishes if you found a magic lamp under one of these fuckin' rocks.
"Yeah, you gotta look this jerk in the eye before you cap him."
'Please shut it.'
I'm gonna put you out of your misery.
Shut up! His youngest died!
Fat as a pig...
Did you have sex with my daughter?
"Since the puppet man menaced your wife and fugitive daughter, I thought you'd get some satisfaction out of seeing him strung up."
"""You know, that cockiness of yours really drives my father nuts."""
"Insanely painted grand pianos hung from ceilings, vicious sea creatures from the planet Viv reared up out of pools in tree-filled atria, robot butlers in stupid shirts roamed the corridors seeking whose hands they might press frothing drinks into."
"You are the guy who kisses a girl, and then sends out 40 texts asking what it meant."
Idiot! Where are the suitors?
That's what my bitch-dyke lawyer is for.
"Well, I'm gonna go home and bang the crap out of my boyfriend."
"Because, you idiot... ...because if they kill my poor little Blaze tomorrow, I can't make the King... ...catch them in the Queen's bed."
Wait till you get radiation all over yourself.
What do blacks do there?
Your hands are so hot.
'What the fuck?' Richie muttered.
We'il tie him up.
A reject like you could never be worthy of the royal family.
It wasn't a fucking restraint.
"So, what in hell do I do now? he asked himself."
I can't take these sick little games anymore.
Who the hell are you?
I want to see you twerk.
My sergeant... ...piece of metal... slam!... chop his head off.
"legendary dancer of stage and cinema, you uncultured birthday ass."
Someone slip me a poison apple and put me out of my misery. Oh!
"And fuckyour lawyer too, if you already haven't!"
"'and Terence Woo taped the hood over my face and everyone laughed. 'Well, I'm not going to fucking take it any more! '"
"""Why to fall in love, this wretched love. I am lost."""
I'll fucking pay you.
And to hell with the French army.
You sound like a drug dealer.
"People should win things because they're good, not because everyone else is more rubbish."
what are you sucking on today?
All Autobots are being hunted.
I give Bevilaqua five days before somebody brings his ass to us... ...to score points.
"What's on your mind, monkey butt?"
I may need a private citizen to help me write up this damn mess.
"I mean, not to be a total buzz kill, but... imagine how many dicks have been inside her."
"Where are the keys, damn it?"
They want to kill rabbi Jacob and rabbi Seligman.
He learned it at the films—it is the exact mischievous Irish grin your Dennis Morgan chap goes about cocking down at the black smoke vomiting from each and every little bucktooth yellow rat he shoots down.
"If we do nothing, we will die. We will all die!"
"Man: Okay, baby, fuck me, fuck me!"
But the breath of a black cannot be underestimated.
"These little bastards are the bane of my existence, I swear to God."
Who's looking into it while my career's being flushed down the goddamn toilet?
It wasn't a lunatic.
"I'm just a notary, damn it!"
Damn I'm late.
Belly cheater.
"White, and past the expiration date."
"String my pa a fence, slop some pigs, milk some cows."
The French are assholes.
"Get the fuck away from me, man."
"She loves you, but she recognizes you're a neurotic mess."
"One hour more, they'd have lit a fire, used that rail for a spit and ate him."
"Don't cock-block me on this, Nance."
"Why, when your grasshopper friends get here, we are gonna... knock them dead!"
Don't want to do it anymore. It's very stupid
Shoot!
"God damn it, Williams, he had thought to himself when he first sat down with Juliannes group."
You're a doll.
A man without a conscience... ...and with no onewho gave a damn about him.
"“Damned sorry, Tai-Pan.”"
I despised you.
"No! Don't you die. Don't die, baby."
He's worse than awful.
Got a friend at Battalion. Says they had every fuckin' fox hole here fixed on.
You've ever seen a Power fucking?
Are you still fucking here?
Greatest fascist dictator - Adolf Hitler.
"Now, if any of my guards, or even I, wanted to kill one of my prisoners, Vic Bedford in this case, we would hardly need to blacken our faces to do it."
Your couch sucks.
"You wanna hit thatlamp, you should aim at me."
Fuck. John is responsible for the methods that we use to produce the food.
"Not content with merely killing my son, the Count and his sisters savage brood mutilated his body and contemptuously deposited it at my castle gate."
That featherhead tried to kill me! Why not?
I've got a mole to exterminate.
So... I'm still going to hell after all this is over.
She hung them here.
"Hey, fucko, you forget four of our guys got killed?."
"Setting aside his high blood's royalty, I do defy him, And I spit at him, Call him a slanderous coward and a villain."
I fucking do.
"Tweedleslut and Tweedledum, you two ain't virgins."
I stood you up that night because I was having sex with Justin instead.
"You might be fooling your daddy, but you sure as heck ain't fooling me."
"You know, Mr. Matsuda, it's almost like you've made a fool of me."
What the hell..?
I wish I could die right away
Son of a bitches always pop you at midnight... ...when all they got is a Chinese internwith a dull spoon.
A fucking cartoon?
"He stood there, legs spread, gun out, shooting at her."
Why am I wasting my damn time--?
It is the solemn judgment of this court... ...that Rebecca of York be pronounced a witch... ...infected with satanic powers and guilty of demoniacal arts.
If he wouldn't have employed me... I would've died as a wretched peasant.
I mean had to... ...and my life depended on it... ...I'd fuck Elvis.
"Deac, you killed it tonight, man."
"Well, where the hell do you think?"
"""That miserable excuse for a police officer works for your city!"
"This island is no fucking laboratory, Doctor."
"Off, Tommy, or I'll stick your head in that oven and I'll talk to you through the gas burner."
I was caught between that woman's giant legs!
"Eh, like I said, girls are weird."
"Condemned to die, given nothing but a sword to wager his life upon."
You are going to hang Lamb?
How we gonna keep you down on the farm now that you've penetrated a porn star?
"""Why are you Russians so grim all the time—don't you know how to have a good time?"""
"You are his obsession. He is a mad, overweight Captain Ahab, searching down you, his Moby Dick."
And who is this traitor?
Crazy is no good for nobody.
"Damn it, how many water brothers did Mike have?"
Indians killed a family on the Spearfish road.
"I ain't no fucking cleaning lady, dawg."
His dipshit buddy Wayne picks him up
I decided to go in for the kill.
"I know you fuck epilepsy, but you need ... now, and another type of job."
"Or even better yet, better yet- you should tell him while you’re sucking his dick."
So unless there's another redneck asshole with a yellow truck... ...with a Confederate flag--
Search fucking memory.
Telling me that there's all this crap about our old friend.
"Even as a Traveller he'd been a brute, but that had been forty years ago."
I'm not your stinking bait!
Jack Bell and his deputies went up to Bragg's place... ...to arrest the men that murdered Clayton Poston... ...and raped and killed his wife.
You're going to kill again.
"Besides, once I pick the shot girl, that's it for me."
"I'm supposed to screw him, not screw over his kid."
"In your face, sucker."
"I'll wait for a taxi, shit!"
God damn it.
Damn it. - Blood on the wall.
Why the hell won't you speak?
"Well, I'm sick of her and all her talk about her dead parents."
I have not fought my way alone to the position of war-chief of the Bamulas without learning all the lessons the black country teaches.
Get off me! I want a divorce.
"No, he's fucking killed him!"
Why do you only shave your left goose egg?
No. Everybody here is already dead.
"What the hell have you done, Taggart?"
"Apparently, John Basilone did everything. - Oh, fuck you."
Someone give me a gun.
You suffer from a defective memory.
"Her breasts were small, wasted pads against his forearm."
Do your fucking laundry.
May I put my hand on your breast?
Now get the hell off before someone gets hurt.
Where the FUCK is he?
"Shit, where'd you get that?"
We'll get nailed... not him!
She was like a winged bullet up there.
"I haven't seen west, but you and I can hang."
It's the first three women you'd have sex with if your wife suddenly died of cancer.
"Strike me in the face, yes."
"God, that Clydesdale we saw-- enormous penis."
"Rasmus is careful and sweet, he would not do anything stupid."
"The troll licked the coin, which gleamed like a diamond in its hand."
"You guys might be keeping the country safe, but your cafeteria sucks."
He sustains me through my own nights of the black dog.
Real hell is your life gone wrong.
"So warring with the urge to crawl under a rock was this fury, this cornered-animal rage, like, you motherfuckers asked for it now you're gonna get it."
They spoke in a crazy French accent.
"In this life, we'll never put our asses in one of those."
I don't know how you eat that crap in the morning.
We want the goddamn car right now!
By Templar bastards like Reynald de Chatillon.
You're an embarrassment to Latinos everywhere.
"But, as soon as Dick was gone, he turned to a little shabby archer at his elbow."
Take that you sawtoothed suckers... !!!
Get the hell out of here.
Where the fuck are you gonna go... that's better than here?
What the hell have you been doing the past four years?
"Oh, Dad, don't be such a nutter."
"I would have my sword returned to me, slave."
I don't care what the hell he's screaming!
"Speaking of cockroaches, where was your antennas when them niggas were stealing my shit out the store?"
"Well, look, even if they don't, who gives a damn?"
"""What in hell is that?"" the sonar chief asked."
What the hell do you know about the law?
"No, don't shoot him. Don't shoot him!"
"I can die just like you, like anybody."
"""We have to wait until that bastard thing’s gone,"" said Pomeroy."
"I want you to look for my shirts, and I would appreciate it if you fuckin' tried this time."
I hope you won't mind I tell your father it was you who stole Aunt Alberta sweets? - Liar?
"We get out now, everybody dies."
"What the hell's goin' on, Reggie?"
These guys all look like they just let someone cut them up.
"We're not lookin' for goddamn Superman, right?"
You don't fucking get it.
Only the government Could build something this ugly.
"Maverick, get your butt down here!"
"Well, actually, I thought that all my followers were either 13-year-old boys or gay."
She should have kept her mouth shut.
I will turn them into mice.
"Let's find this —ing dog and get right out of this dump, shall we?"
"You mean to tell me if you was thrown outta your apartment and a pig offered to pay your rent,"
Madam Kao deserves a butler.
"And then just like in the fucking movies, bathroom door flings open, out walks Liza Green."
Maybe she was used to cryptic bullshit.
Percy's freaking out because I've killed two of his black boxes.
First thing I do when I get in the Majors is bang one of those chicks on Desperate Housewives.
"Yeah, one of them bitches that shoots nails."
A murderer's blood may run in my veins.
"Extramarital sex, I guess."
This light could burn your eyeballs right out of your skulls.
Why do you have to be so... damn stubborn?
Sweetie! ...is that your attempt to insult me with car metaphors is incredibly immature!
Then I'll shag you!
"""I was too dumb to see the solution to the enigma."
What the hell?!
"If the forecaster in charge of that storm had been half as good at his job as Annie Wilkes is at hers, I would not be in this fucking jam, he thought bitterly."
Then you must be wicked in the sack.
You fucking kidding me...
Turnabout's fair play. I don't recall dressing you like a homeless dope fiend.
"It's one of those things, shit happens."
'Poor green trash?' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes helpfully.
You'd make a damn fine editor.
The only bad thing is if she turns out to be a virgin or a cop.
"""We've stared at those fucking trash cans all day."
"Burn, baby, burn."
"I mean, it's a fucking shocker, right?"
We're expendable. Who's gonna care if a bunch of crooks wind up dead?
"You always were, such an awful flirt."
They look disgusting.
"# Ha-ha-ha! Welcome to my gates, you gay and lucky souls! #"
Stop fucking caring.
"I want them brought in dead, not alive, and I will reprimand any officer who shows the least mercy to a criminal."
"Man, why don't we just do his job so we can do our job and get the fuck out of here?"
Give her the shot!
I'll stab him!
"And, frankly, the possibility of being picked up after the battle seems a whole lot more attractive than somehow winning the damned thing and going home to face Saint-Just! If he's nervous now, imagine how unhappy he'd be to have 'The Men Who Stopped the Manties' riding into Nouveau Paris on their white horses!"""
You believe this jackass?
Broke my fucking nose.
"Better, ""Why didn't you kill yourself when you found out?"""
"I was sitting in the back seat with M-na, and she was starting to go on and on again about how different I looked, how young I looked, and I thought-I'm embarrassed to say it right out loud, but I guess I better-I thought, shut you up, you snoopy, envious old thing."""
"I'm looking for a hunk. Not any hunk. A man, a real man, like you."
"You don't give a damn, do you?"
"Jerk him, Tahiti!"
Get off me.
"Yeah, not that cheap ceramic shit, either."
Do youknow what the hell you've done?
Where the hell's she think she's going?
And then brought crappy food anyway?
"No, actually, we lost, and I got my ass kicked."
"Dancer, asshole."
"No, no, I'm sure no one here— “Freak!” they sometimes shout at me when I'm walking down the street."
"Oh, no, you lucky devil."
Why do you have the baby out of the garbage bag?
Are you crazy?
"Tessa, I'm going to be a bit nasty."
His hands looked like dog meat.
"Wow, we are rubbish compared to them, aren't we?"
"Theo, will you stop thinking about your fucking stomach for one moment?"
I lost myself and now I'm gonna burn in flames.
Don't come near or I'll hit you
Maybe I should just give up women.
I hope you think about that-- how you betrayed your little son every day till the day you die.
"She up and lost it, yo. - You shut up."
Shut up. I'm not done.
"“You could get certain people into trouble talking horseshit like that, Mr. Richardson, you know it?"
My kids say the same damn thing.
"""Shoot."""
How can you declare war on a fucking drug?
He didn't have shit to say about you 'cause you whipped his mama's ass.
"Look, I don't know how to tell you this, but she dumped your ass."
"Slaughter, hatred, devils with dead eyes and shark smiles, and... one day, you're gonna get married... ...and have kids, and when you look at them, their faces, you need to see what's good in the world,"
His puzzled expression struck her as ludicrous.
My men and I will kill the guards while you're inside.
Thursday never fucking comes!
I'm god's own goddamn daddy.
To death denied.
Only time I've ever been twisted over a shorty was with a fine-ass government cleaner I heard of people talk about love at first sight on TVshows and shit.
Jefferson had a black mistress.
Huh? Are you clowning with me?
That's none of your goddamn business.
"They just stopped Carly's heart, and your dumb patient--"
What the fuck's a widget?
Damn! I wish you hadn't shot at me.
I'll probably just mess it up like I messed up being Hannah's assisticant.
You look like shit.
"Switch stances like you're gonna work his right, hit him on the left."
"I got me a sick boy, and I'm gonna get him south."
Aunt didn't kill dad. She just made him more sick.
Charles is a sick man and he will not help himself.
Everyone knows male models get all the pussy.
I hate the dog butler.
Move the fucking car or you're not getting drunk at Christmas.
What do whackos like that want with us?
If you could get through the damn electric fence... why can't you short-circuit the security system?
"'cause they're gonna shoot me, eh, so get down."
"You vicious bastard. , you never did like me, did you?"
You drive me crazy.
"It's not like I wanna have sex with you, but I do feel like..."
You have an overwhelming compulsion to cut off your left arm.
"No, because we're tough... And we're witchy... And we're dressed kind of slutty."
Yankee Hank's a damn good lawyer.
I'm not servingin the goddamn national defense!
We're an embarrassment to them.
I can't get his fucking arm!
"Fuck you. All right, I'm gonna outline a couple of cases here that are very recent."
"It's an army hospital, mostly psycho."
"And if you don't like me that way, I don't give a shit."
This food can kill you.
"I gave him the shot myself!"""
Chicago Police Department thinks you're a cop killer!
They have Juice. Shit.
"Don't say a fucking word, all right?"
"If you are, I'm gonna get really pissed off."
You look like crud.
"Hey, motherfuck, did you not hear me?"
My mom made me take it for three fucking years.
Asshole. - I need to call him.
What the fuckdid you do to my face?
"Damn, you don't pull any punches, do you?"
"Hell, take mine."
I want you to get rid of all these people.
"Yeah,I do care,but you know what -- when you're young and you look at how great your life's gonna be, you don't think about having a rimkus there to screw it all up with her written apologies and her stupid-ass policies, and it's totally unfair that I have to apologize for something, when I don't even think I was wrong,because I wasn't wrong."
Get out of the bloody line!
What a rotten boy.
"""Lucky blonde."" It's so sexist."
You wouldn't want a dump like that.
This cowardly attack was... The work of Yakuza thugs.
"He had a gun, why didn't he shoot her, too?"
Find out if that's the son of a bitch's first or last name.
"Even Catalina, who couldn't think of a more creative stripper name than Catalina, was more creative than me. So all night I banged my head thinking of a story about me that wouldn't suck."
"No, she's a freak."
"Prostitutes, the galley slaves, the prisoners... fine."
"""You are forced to endure enough without having to bear slights from this selfish old codger."""
"We gonna gab, or we gonna do the damn thing?"
It would have been nicer if you'd gotten off your asses and helped us out there.
Look at this shit. Okay.
‘Just what the hell are they wailing about?’ Dennis asked.
"What do you say, Black?"
"Come on, Denver, get off your asses!"
"Mike steps into the ring, a highlight of the fight is gonna be his internal organs exploding."
"'Because you'll be dead if you don't,' he told him."
"I get a second, I'm gonna slice you up."
He's humping her on the Formica kitchen table my grandmother gave us.
"And I looked down, and yours was right in the trash."
I'm just fucking with you.
"Oh, my God. Fuck!"
What the hell are you talking about?
"I poor idiot, all wrong in my life, all lost, wife, children, and I give lessons to you"
"Oh, my liege! Tell me it's going to be like the old days when we do nothing but torture, murder, and make love?"
You can all suck it!
"I love the word ""cock."""
Just throw her on the bed...
Is this some war shit again?
"'You're such a boogersnot,' she said, but put some twenty-odd cents in my outstretched hand."
"Well, that one comment from the great caroline channing About those butts fired my little butt."
"The white world would strip all color from them, to get to the purity of their bones."
"Open up, what the hell?"
"And then they'll probably start burning people, too."
Crazy doll's hair needs washing.
We'll get that fucking $1 million back... If he hasn't spent it already.
"""Damn, that's cold out there,"" Furuneo said."
"Su-min, I'm fucked."
"Look, you're making me a fucking Goth!"
"""you must think like a mad dog..."
"There's ass, blood and guts everywhere!"
First thing I do when I get in the Majors... ...is bang one of those chicks on Desperate Housewives.
"Mrs. Irwin, you're a tease."
"Oh, dammit, Bob, what if something happens to you?"
I know it's ridiculous.
"Or you could just play your tiny, ridiculous guitar."
It's fucking 5 G's.
I wasn't the damn wine taster.
It was a despicable and cowardly act.
"Apologise, damn you!"
You didn't have time to make a phone call so that I could--I don't know-- fucking arrest him - or something?
They would send him mad in a moment.
I saw a man getting his throat slit.
"Alone we speak, if it is so gay their husband he/she should want time to pass with their family."
And by now your rat tail should hang down to your freakin' knees.
"To hell with the chicken Alfredo."""
"""Then it'd be a damn good idea to take your underpants off your head."""
Don't you touch that damn piano.
I'll wreck his train first.
I'll get this to archer in robbery homicide.
This handiwork has your lying little sister's fingerprints all over it.
"No, I'd call you a slut."
And the maid with the big tits?
The boss must have a neurosis as big as a house.
"What, are you shitting me?"
You kiss your mother with that mouth?
"We gotta fucking find a doctor, find out what's wrong with you."
"If we're gonna do it, let's do the goddamn thing right."
"Don't mix them up, unless you want to kill Soro with salt cartridges."
What the hell are you doing?
Godzillawill destroy the world.
"I mean, I like Jack, the screw-up."
I'm gonna bust you up!
"Your Honor, I'm gonna fight like a badger for you."
Your dad is stupid.
Can't the old monkey help us instead of just bowing?
You're going to have to take your yearbook photo with all the losers who missed it in the fall.
It's time we all knew the truth-- Clay Morrow killed your father.
"Use your truck as a shield, or microwaves will kill you."
I got some shit to do.
I bet it's gonna suck.
"Oh, your wife will skin you alive anyway! Come on!"
You'd never dick me.
"Drop it now, motherfucker!"
"And after that, rape, adultery, perjury, sins against nature will follow in a great wave, and disease, and soothsaying, and spells, and flying bodies will appear in the heavens, in the midst of the good Christians false prophets will rise, false apostles, corrupters, impostors, wizards, rapists, usurers, perjur­ers and falsifiers; the shepherds will turn into wolves, priests will lie, monks will desire things of this world, the poor will not hasten to the aid of their lords, the powerful will be without mercy, the just will bear wit­ness to injustice."
You are in mortal danger; don't talk of devils!'
These apes cannot be trusted!
Everything I do I do to please you. - She's crazy.
They gave you away when I shot that cop.
Am I insane to throw my life into garbage?
All I know is we're all getting the fuck out of here.
Get off me!
"Just cool the fuck down, man."
"Then his hand—not pressing the folds of her dress into her crotch, but on her shoulder."
"Tough old goat. Erlendur, quiet him."
Their hands were cut off.
"It'll be here, in the streets, and it'll be bloody."
"But then it-it dawned on me that I saw his birth certificate in with some of the TM shit, and I-I... I thought I would just take one more look, maybe get lucky."
"It hadn't felt very good, but it beat the heck out of knocking her senseless."
"What, wanking each other off?"
"Okay, I'm a freak with a singingutt boil, but I'm still a human being, more or less."
"She saved her life by killing you, also her unborn child."
"I think you're mistaken, freak."
I want him gone.
The urine stain on your pants... ...would signify that you're a single-shaker!
"That crazy tub of lard, Mr Aschenbach, who wrings our people dry like slaves, even his personal servants."
Fire on that target.
Something that will burn the tongue and sizzle the throat.
"""So it was just crap,"" Duke said scornfully."
"Well, whoever wanted Christian dead probably killed Zalman to cover up the crime."
"Sex only has to go a few inches.""Woody Allen."
No one will care if I'm dead.
I'll freeze to death!
"Stop it! I love you, son. Get the fuck out!"
"Listen here, smart ass."
Then what the hell is wrong with you?!
I watched you die.
"Fuck, yeah! Nice, Michael, nice."
I hear there's a 12-step program for shitty moms like me.
"You know, all the clichés-on-parade crap like marching to the beat of your own... .. whatever."
What the hell do you want?
You're fuckin' awesome.
I'ts all gonna blow up in his face.
You and your rice-monkey brother.
The illegal firearms used to murder your mother and father were procured from men exactly like your husband.
But she does fuck all.
Isolate it!
"""Limp-dick"" I know."
Calm the fuck down!
We have to finish him off.
"Pawnee, Missouri, is a total craphole."
"Damn! Obviously, you know, I haven't shown it to anybody before."
I never touched Mrs. Norris. - Rubbish.
"A'ight. First of all, girls throw like chicks."
And congratulations on bringing your cripple in.
"Oh, you rat."
"You're not afraid of a bloody great, overgrown hound, are ya? -No."
"Shut it, duplicate, that's what I just said."
"Jeremy was no fool, and understood himself that a military assault on a gigantic space station was a different matter than an assassination carried out by a small unit of killers."
She hates my guts.
"All right, shoot the target."
I think you spent one day with her and it already sucked.
"So we wait till dark, dump his ass in the park."
"I don't think you got anything to worry about with this guy there, Click shit"
"Sometimes, I feel more useless than the head of the maid's union."
"Also, she was an old hag."
"""Springtime for Hitler... ...a gay romp with Eva and Adolf at Berchtesgaden."""
When you make us sing... - Shut up Sid! - Ok!
Oh! You just want him for his hot rack!
I thought you were an epileptic. I went home and told Mama I was kissing you and you had a seizure in my mouth.
You paid seven silver pieces for these weaklings? Idiot!
"I'm supposed to keep this fleet battle-ready to take on the Japanese, cover half the damn globe."
But the subway's full of junkies and mole-men.
Naughty girl you are.
"""if you run for that stupid phone again you're gonna pay."""
The sergeant wasn't in any mood to run assholes to ground on this fine day.
"As soon as they find out we don't, we're dead."
I told you I'd solve this damn thing.
"If you've got no money, piss off out of it."
It's that or scream my head off.
"Well, at least he's not a grade-A dork like that guy."
Get the hell out of here!
Perhaps you can use this march of death opportunity To consider how awful you really are.
"As for the Order and mankind, nothing can stop their demise, let alone a monster like you!"
Palm the balls...
I don't give a shit about your deadline.
"Well, I'm kind of a serial dater. And let me tell you... dating sucks."
"I’il suck your cock for $1,000."
'Cause I not white fella. I not blackfella either.
"'Then the LosAngeles would return nine months later with Hegemony troops who would proceed to kick the shit out of the Separatists... and anyone else on Maui-Covenant who got in their way."""
"Every week I tell you the same shit, and every week you forget half of what I say."
I don't think I have ever had that much fucking fun.
I'd like to know what I look like having an orgasm.
"Oh, yeah. We cleared out all the crap from under the bed."
Yeah. I favor the fucking sound of that.
After all the shit I said?
You've got to be shitting me.
That is why I am fucking doing this job!
Go stick your head in the water trough and sober up for lunch.
"""It would take me centuries to spew it all,"" the cocky rogue replied."
Dead Jews don't sell papers.
Get off of me!
"Still, his heart was racing and he was damned angry."
Hit me!
It's the crazy ramblings of his wife.
I ordered Mance Rayder burned at the stake.
"She may hate us, but she did give us a kick-butt song for Regionals."
I gotta find another way downtown. Shit!
Don't you shoot!
I am sure I can rely upon you to execute the Bull.
"I drive this taxi for any stinking freak who has the money to ride in it, and for some who don't."
He's captain of the dork squad and he's got a big meet coming up.
Will you give me a fucking second to breathe?
You're fucked!
"Would you let someone do this... kill not only the land and themselves but you, as well?"
What do you think all those sparkles and shit are?
You're not supposed to talk at all in the silent reading section. -Shut up.
"I need you to tell me exactly what happened. Oh, crap!"
"Then - at a gesture from the bear-skin man - the wretched living chain of humans, half-elves, and two goblins shuffled forward."
You wanna give the shit to me now?
Criminals are taking over the neighborhood and what the hell are you doing about it?
"""I'd waste you for free."""
You lost your brain or something?
Liars need to think.
"There were all these hippies... demonstrating in Washington Square... calling our President filthy names... and burning the American flag... on July 4th, with police all around doing nothing."
"Saying ""Damn, man"" ain't begging."
But that other poor bugger got left below.
Get off the girl!
"I mean, they got the same shit over there that they got here... but it's just a little different."
"""Phil,"" Garvin said. ""Cut the crap."""
"I'm just talking here, I'm not trying to convince you of a damn thing."
We came back and nobody gave a shit.
Read the fuckin' warrant!
The odors of everything in this world of men... are equally repugnant to me.
They ain't coming. Get the fuck out of here!
"Jesus, you're burning up."
"Thanks by the way, for fucking letting me do that. Thank you. Oh' God."
Destroy that door before the Nazis find it.
You kill him?
"It was, before I found out you had sex with my boyfriend."
I don't give a damn what you do.
"You're always on my ass to get a job, so here."
You are a sorcerer.
I've killed Hanne.
"Come on, boys, you know that's just a formality to shut up those pinko troublemakers."
Jaroslaw Shitface. Sir!
I think we got a pervert.
"Um... Cam, clown supplies?"
I know I'm the hottest bitch in this joint.
Say I'll work for it one more time and I'll fuck your shit up!
Catering to the fantasies of a few gay guys feeds my creativity and my pocketbook.
Were you smacked by a midget?
"She's in Madrid, she's a big hit on trash TV."
"Hi, I'm a bully who needs to work on her anger."
"""Dirt,"" Greldik snorted."
I told you to shut your mouth!
Kill the music!
"Pop, it's been a shitty night, okay?."
"Come on, spit it out."
Who the fuck parked in front of the garage?
"Well, one of the -- don't tell The crips that, but they're the Deadliest gang in the world."
"Woman, get off me."
"Anyway, I just popped by for a little sex a la carte."
Sad and crazy for your love
"Yeah, well, at least you can stick her with needles."
Only 3 more hours and you can take me away from this crappy goddamn planet full of hippies.
Would she still marry that man if she knew what kind of an animal he is.
Shut up!
"The point is, boys... even though I love havin' sex with some hot, random trim... a day hasn't gone by where I haven't thought of Tashonda."
"Delicious creature. . . Do you want my old, dirty underpants?"
It's your fucking turn! Nanny frank to the rescue.
Clowns try to be funny.
That's why I got this crap job.
No fucking smack.
"""The tortoise does know the difference between ten and twelve,"" said the fat boy."
He hated their whining excuses and their inept pretenses at insanity.
"Big Worm, Big Hole - I don't give a damn."
"Every time you pick that thing up, I think you're gonna hit me with it really hard."
Emergency summit with urban family... for coherent discussion of career crisis. Fuck 'em.
I've wiped worse shit off my shoe.
"What do you mean, gay?"
Lontae had sex with a thousand men.
"Her timing, in fact, is drastically off all through this, else she would likely be handing Slothrop's ass to him ... it may be that she wants her foot to miss, only scraping Slothrop along the leg as he swerves now, grabs her by the hair and twists an arm behind her, pushing her, face-down, on the bed."
You're jealous of an old woman like that.
"I mean, you're thinking you blew it with the greatest girl ever, and it turns out... ..that getting your dick stuck in your zipper was the best thing that ever happened to you."
What is that slop you're doing with your hand?
"That's what sucks, Haley."
Should I think of you as a friend of Coretta's or a private dick?
I'm having a real shitty day here.
"Listen to me, killing my sister, it doesn't bring back yours."
"""Mr. Devins,"" he said with great sincerity, ""that's just the way the shit went down."""
"Fuck, I hope I'm holding my plastic fork correctly."
"Sit your ass down, ponytail."
Bullshit! You think you can sacrifice someone else's life instead of your own?
What do you want? You little brat!
Get off me!
"Filthy bliad. Listen, listen, okay?"
Get the hell away from me!
"And as long as I got a bomb in my brain, I'm only going to trust me."
Stop fucking filming and help me!
"What was that, realizing that your plan totally sucked?"
Who wants to go out to dinner and eat fucking meatballs?
I'm gonna eat a rat!
"Damn it. As our most important clients, I know that many of you, if not all, are planning to pull your investment in Grayson Global tomorrow."
I ain't seen enough people to start shootin em.
Blind dumb luck.
"Grandpa, Dollahyde has the sickest clothes."
"When she was taking it off, the flowers were falling from her tits."
They're too stuffy to fuck that fast.
'I'm a hard man to kill.
"It's disgusting, hearing you talk like that, you've spent months here with Gaetan, and that's all..."
"There's a lot of shit in the air tonight, a few megatons of topsoil blowing down from Fresno, and so when the laser beam comes on it is startlingly visible, a tiny geometric line, a million blazing red grains strung on a fiber-optic thread, snapping into life instantly between the chopper and Y.T.'s chest."
"A misanthrope, recluse."
"If many religions are denying their own scriptures because they are out of date, and are preaching the philosophies of Satanism, why not call it by its rightful name - Satanism? Certainly it would be far less hypocritical."
"She's afraid if you joined us, you'd be a better bitch than she is."""
"""It's your death if you go closer."
This shit's cold!
Magnify her torso.
"Oh! Hello, who is this gorgeous devil?"
It's really pathetic.
"Listen,you're the one who's a bomb set to blow up me and everyone in this city unless I can get you housebroken."
"The lawyer you turned me onto-- shit, I don't know what that motherfucker did, but whatever it was..."
"It was supposed to be a cattle ranch, but his grandfather was a shit businessman."
She has a lumpy head.
"Damn it, are you leaving or not?!"
Hold your fire! We want to help! - Bullshit!
How about this weekend we take that sucker to a duck pond or something?
Hans the midget.
You got him with a sniper rifle!
I can't tell my family about you. I'm a coward.
Finding a mummifying killer or making time for a Latin lover skilled in breaking hearts?
Ripped his throat right out.
"That's not your friend, it's your screwed-up dad."
"That man is as see-through as a mosquito net, Sue Ellen."
"I'm not going to let her die, ramse."
They whole ceer all screwed up.
"You'll never have a dull, lifeless party again... with Silly Pate."
"Yeah, it's sad, believe me, missy When you're born to be a sissy"
"I thought they were little nuts, Davin."
It's a good fucking hook.
Where the fuck am I meant to go? Huh?
You can get shot playing here.
"""That's disgusting,"" Kim said."
"Now he's crossed into Cambodia with this... Montagnard army of his that worship the man like a god and follow every order, however ridiculous."
I used to sleep under that silly painting.
"Join us, babe! Bastard!"
Grab a frying pan and bang it on the head.
Wishing you'd never tried to help your freak sister?
"You got four bodies, all within two blocks of each other, and you can't even start to connect the fucking dots."
"'It's a pretty stupid creature, but most of their kind stay in the lower mines and tunnels under the mountain."
Can I have that bitchin' belt?
"I lied and didn't tell you were I was going, which was to an interview that could've changed my life because I am a wuss."
Go away! ...or those pampered animals that rage in savage sensuality.
The end of the scumbag Independents and the dawn of a new galaxy.
"Leave our geese alone, you beast!"
What the hell do they keep in these?
You were just a cash whore!
"How much more deranged, then, a man like Estabrook, who did business with this crazy?"
We're too damned liberal.
Could somebody scratch my nuts?
Go to hell!
So why are you so goddamn sure that it's not?
"Give me the money, asshole!"
Get the fuck down!
"If Paul Newman had constantly sprayed piss all over, um... oh what was her..."
His brains is under the end table.
I got a black lab I gotta get rid of.
When the man asked the woman what the guards dicks were.
Just another ugly refugee from the love generation.
"All right, you've been warned, I'm gonna smoke you."
Idiot. There's an evil sickness about - and priests are preaching grim death and moral bellyaches.
Do you really think you can build a relationship with that man? Don't be stupid.
"You really suck, you know that?"
"Yeah, she's a dead lay."
"Well, he just got attacked by the guy with the hood, the guy that saved your ass the other day."
"Burn it all! -Yes, sir!"
Just give me the woman. Shut up.
"""Fuck it."""
You've made me your accomplice. Liar!
So there should be about three weeks of rotten garbage to break their fall.
"And maybe the nice, smiling man was some kind of a freak."
"God, here I am, throwing myself at you, succumbing to your wily charms, and you're calling me a slut in so many words."
"You know, a baby conceived out of wedlock is still a bastard."
"All right, Wu, it's been a long fucking day."
MetaCops aren't allowed to lean against their Unit -- makes them look lazy and weak.
Yeah? The fuck is wrong with you two?
Rats.
The poor bastard who bought his dream house-- the teaser rate on his mortgage runs out.
Hobson's coke disappeared at exactly the same time you started moving big weight out of... where was that pig?
"Let him pick me up from the canvas after, dust me the fuck off."
It looks like a zoo in hell.
"Look, Harrison, it's not about the money or the midget."
That's fucked up.
It's stupid to ban books that tell you the truth about life.
He's got a damn shotgun !
"God damn it, Angel, do I look like I'm being fucking cute with you?"
"Welcome back, nerd."
What the hell you doing?
Or I could go for your liver.
"You fucking with me, right?"
"Shit. - Way to go, old man."
"Old enough to drink, old enough to do something really stupid and make yourself a baby."
And my boobs are super-swollen and sore.
"'I tried to convince him that you were a bloody idiot, your grace."
"Darn, you know what?"
You're playing football with a bunch of butlers.
Damn your hypocrisy! ls that bomb out there... is that an illusion?
"Judge say, ""Mr. Petey Greene, wecharging you with using your dick"
"You come to our neighborhood, fuck with our people."
Too many reprobates in here.
"Well, he wants me to call him... ... ""big boy"" ... ...and he's my ""bucking bronco"" ... ...and I'm supposedto ""ride him hard"" ... ...and ""put him backin the barn wet. """
Farewell forever to that... ...pointy-eared night rat!
"I swear to God, Dexter, I'm gonna nail you to the wall for what you've done."
I was all up in that shit last night.
I don't even know what the fuck you're talking about.
"It's none of your business, you blowhard."
"Oh, you bet your ass."
Your wife can't stand your ass.
"I want you to find out every god damn thing... that you can about that machine-- who used it, who sold it, who bought it."
You infected me with your poison.
"You will always be the clueless frat boy who crashed your car, crushed my spine,"
Don't want to blow my chances for romance by smelling of dung.
What's that crap he just said?
"Or black women in pain, man?"
"We are all love's fools, more or less."
A newbie hunter and a witch who needs adult supervision.
Excuse me. Shit.
I want to look... fucking mean.
We're sweating like greased monkeys.
"Oh, man, that's my shit."
I'm glad you got white.
This piece of shit. Forty euros in Barbès.
"Hands in, a-ca-bitches!"
"If I gave birth to something like that, I'd drown it in the bathtub first thing."
Then the entire human race will die with them.
"Nothing about ""no beating the shit out of a teenager,"" though."
Clowns with commitments worth millions.
Lousy husband.
I'm gonna feed you to my pigs.
"But that bastard brother of his, that other half of him, the half he envied and despised, the half he should have been-by rights."
Special events such as senior prom... ...place added pressure on young teens... ...to lose their virginity and engage in unprotected sex.
I broke my back in this dump because of you!
"""Go there again if you don't mind our violent friends finding you."""
"Mather, damn him, was afraid somebody might succeed in kicking free of this accursed cage of monotony."
"So you got rid of him, hacked him to bits like a marmalade bus!"
That's stupid!
Now she's off with Spartacus killing people in their beds.
"I gave you a shot at the mail room, led you up the ranks, and then paid for you to go to Harvard, where, by the way, you jerked off the entire time you were there, and I still hired you."
"Plus, he's a dog... with, you know, limited vocabulary skills."
Said he was a crackhead or a homo or somethin'. Those idiots.
"You're an old pothead. I am not, I don't do drugs so just leave me alone."
"Damn, I'll come down when I'm good and ready!"
"Five years ago, I had people try to kill my wife and kid."
The billion dollar sex industry of which Larry Flynt is the leader. Lust and greed have replaced decency and morality.
"""Ptang!"" snapped Xaxak; ""don't kill him."""
The voice of a man who knows he's in deep shit without really understanding exactly why.
I'm the only one who has a chance against that little freak's technology!
Take him the fuck down!
Why would somebody hire a goddamn killer to shoot Mom?
We go together or we don't fucking go.
I'm so tired of downplaying our relationship because we live with a load of hollow-eyed fuckbots with intimacy issues.
Now stay the fuck out of Oakland.
"Oh, no, you're a doll."
"(AUDIENCE LAUGHING) ""Normally, normally, I get, like, halfway down and I just start fucking choking, ""but with you, I got a ball in my mouth!"
"I called it ""Crapster."""
"I mean, one more jolt of this death ray and I'm an epitaph."
OH FUCK!! what they've told you?
You've got a fucking nerve coming round here!
"She's pullin'a chunk of glass out of his skull, and he bleeds on her, and that's all she needs !"
You saw how fat he was.
You cannot ignore them just because they are ridiculous.
That is the most ridiculous alibi.
What the hell are you staring at?
Nicholas Boyle is more important for you gutting him.
"I got $200 American about yea big, and I got a horse up there that's the best damn stallion in the whole Southwest."
"They might even be grateful enough to help get those crazy religious n-n-nuts overhead to let us alone!"""
Get rid of it! We gotta take more Iraqi prisoners tomorrow!
"You're the one who's sick,"
"In killing Skitters, yeah."
"Who's obsessed with money, power... their black card, and their desire to score quality pussy?"
I want you to scream when I do this to you.
"Protocol dictates that the governess of les Enfants de France must be a duchess; accordingly, the King made the governess of his bastards into a marquise."
"Goddamn it, Eve."
Bullshit. From now on you're Private Snowball.
"If you want, you and I can go burn one right after school."
"Thus, Amélie really doesn't see why she should worry so much... ...for a guy who'll spend the rest of his life eating bortsch, ...with a stupid hat on his head!"
Now this garbage dump will look like a house again.
You gotta smash a Paki for us. Him in the red jacket with full beard.
You look a damn sight better out of uniform.
"Look, let's go over there and bust him."
"Confucius say, ""What the fuck are you talking about?"""
And kill witnesses. Which is why your noble husband leapt to the aid of a wrongfully accused FBI agent.
He's a motherfuckin' genius.
I don't give a fuck if you gotta swim.
"When he wasn't busting my ass, he was putting cigarettes out on my neck."
"Did you fuck her, jay? Did you?"
"""What bloody genius came up with this idea?"" he asked the air."
I'll never take you to a fucking pool again.
"Hot damn, buddy!"
"He's just some white cat that I met up in the club, wanted his business partner killed"
"Oh, stop talking trash on my Ravens, homeboy."
"Really, you can't say shit like that, really."
"You so ugly, when you go to the bank, they ask you to put on a ski mask!"
The fat man was crying openly.
"Take it stupid, I'm doin' it for you!"
Come here and let daddy show you what he's got in his pants for you. Shit!
"Want some fucking cheese, lady?"
Why have you kept him around all these years when he's so grossly incompetent?
Holy mother of crap!
"I'm just saying, I'd like to fuck her like an animal."
He knew the man from Lisbon would kill him if Pace's death was laid at his feet.
"The shooter walks right into a corporate paintball game, murders the CEO and then shoots himself."
If I have to come back here... it's gonna get fucking ugly.
"Ripley's a Yank, but a Yank with class."
You always have sex with a girl one last time before you break up.
'- I'm damned if I'm going to give up my bedroom to a zombie after waiting years for it -'
She's a convicted murderer and you keep this fact secret from me... from me!
Just don't do anything silly like proving Le Clerc and his gold don't exist.
You guys are way too messed up to be going.
Any scorned woman would kill for this chance!
You'il blow your own face off.
"An immature girl in a sagging, old body!"
I don't want to see the fuckin' pad.
And Marsellus Wallace don't like to be fucked... by anybody except Mrs. Wallace.
"Hey, hey, get out of here .. damn!"
You and your kind are a canker on the body social.
"""AND NOT A damned thing we can do,"" Cliff Rutledge concluded his assessment."
Here are a lot of scoundrels.
"""Perverts don't perpetuate!"""
"People say a lot of crap about health care, but they've never been here."
"Whereupon Mr Hagh, in a fit of pique, dashes to the airport for a plane to New York, flies here and kills her, after first killing her maid to get a key, and flies back again."
"I won't tell you anything, you monster."
"The past couple of weeks, my mother and father looked like they were ready to kill each other."
"I picked up this vat of ice cream, flavor of the month- Royal Bavarian chocolate mist- And I started running with that son of a bitch!"
Damn it. I knew I shouldn't have gone home. Is he okay?
There's a naked chick up there.
A life I will deprive you of just like I did your father.
"You break the rules, this whole goddamn thing of ours... cracks and crumbles!"
"Can you? Can you, fuck-face?"
like my friends murdering innocent people like it's a game.
"Nigger, is you taking notes on a criminal fucking conspiracy?"
"The cops should talk to that California guy, the big-time detective who nailed that Kinderling asshole two-three years ago."
"Yeah, well I sleep all day and... Mike, if my fucking mind is mush, don't make me go through this."
Just looking for a big-ass knife to cut down that tree.
If we could get that witch... to give you back your voice... you could go home with all the normal fish and just be--
"If I don't die here, you'll have to finish me off."
Are you fucking scared?
Where are my freaking flowers?!
It doesn't matter a damn to you that thousands of innocent people will die in your accident!
"Damn nice work, Lieutenant."
Jimmy's in the bathroom puking.
"Joe, you don't want to blow that thing and kill all these people."
"Well, I don't know, and I really don't give a fuck anymore."
I ask you whether such dishonest and treacherous sons... ...could ever have had an honest mother.
The pussycat hissed at me!
Niggers got... ...plenty of protection nowadays.
I don't want to be fucked up any more.
Fuck! - Nice and easy.
Last night Vicky saw you sucking the lips of his head in his parking lot
The soul of Luther Boggs drowns in hell's sea of fire.
"You're afraid Cardera was the better detective and you were just drafting off of her, so you treat me like a piece of shit because if we start tanking, you can paint me as the guy that dragged you down."
"Because you won't listen, you bastard."
And the other term is openly. Openly gay.
"I told you and your lvans to stay the hell off my turf, Russian."
Get off him!
Is that what you fucking want?
"With the two pigs, two ants and two silly bulls..."
"From the way the men (I guess they were men, although I can't say for sure) were swayin back n forth―and from the way the trucks were weavin back n forth―I'd say the whole crew was pissyass drunk."
It is my right to see him die.
"Get your cuckold's horns, neck ruffles, Yorik skulls!"
like a parasite hitching a ride up his bloodstream.
"Damn it, that's enough!"
How the fuck aml gonna make it to the Valley?
Fucking unbelievable.
Get off me.
That your big brother is a loser?
"Yeah, you do, 'Cause otherwise, you'd just predict the lottery, and get the fuck out of here, right?"
"If you weren't born into money, then you might as well have kissed your fucking life goodbye, you weren't gonna amount to anything."
I won't forget a goddamn thing.
"Too bad you didn't trace this call, deputy dickhead."
They've been sucking my blood since I was a kid.
"Just what sort of severance package is management prepared to offer me, considering the information I have about our editorial director... buying pussy with company money?"
"It is a huge, shambling animal, with a thick, humped neck and long, shaggy hair."
Let's go to fucking Monaco now!
These three crazy jackies Had our hero on the run Shot the tail off the cuss With a fox-shooting gun
"I'll let you know if I change my mind and want some dick, okay?"
Get your damn hands up.
You hit like a vampire.
You don't look that smart.
And now the white man is sneaking up on me.
All we're gonna find is some little emo goth kids with fake fangs and contact lenses.
Testicle cancer.
He has three kickers; that is illegal.
I like them about as much as I like bitch-Ass udoff!
You're damn right someone here is pregnant with your baby.
I'll get rid of her.
You're weak.
"Slip this in his thigh, twist it so the wound won't close."
"He did what he could, but Shapirov's was a dying brain."
"They started making love, but to his surprise, Sam could not maintain an erection."
"Slap your ass, girl:"
Is responsible for killing my wife.
I work 70 goddamn hours a week for it!
"You should be ashamed, that poor animal."
"'Holy shit,' Pete said, almost in his ear."
"You should have put dung into the Earl's wound before closing it, cousin."
Tell that dipshit to get fucked!
"Then he threw himself down into the chair opposite, and drew up his knees until his fingers clasped round his long, thin shins."
It'il fucking destroy it.
Proof that there's a god out there that actually gives a crap about me personally?
Why do I have to waste my youth alongside these jerks?
"Come here with all of the natural, inbred lust in you."
Pig! Get your hands off!
There isn't really anything human left in you.
He's more than an athlete. - Dumb Krum.
Was going to a incinerator in Texas.
I know a lot more about your amoral ass than you think I do.
Killifer!
"She said that Tony doesn't love her properly, but you do, and it's too fucked up because she totally loves him even though she thinks you're sweet."
Maybe he thought he could rape older women.
"You know, without Red killing you."
"The emaciated boy-thing in the corner uttered its weird bird-shriek again and pulled the supplicating hands back, crossing them at the wrists, turning their gesture into one of pathetic defense."
"Hey, watch it, you jerk!"
I know a whole lot of shit.
Could be that fuckwit of a twin.
"Yeah, and apparently you don't even fuckin' realize it."
'And you're just eunuchs!'
I set fire to her house!
You need to cut me loose.
You were friends when you were kids. This makes you a fucking liability.
"How did that one feel, bitch?"
I'd blow my brains out.
That's a freaking outrage.
Shh. Gimme the goddamn key!
Would you stop it with all this God crap?
"Or I could be totally wrong, and we are now wasting our time focusing on a geographic location based on someone's eye color. Damn it."
He's a cold fish.
Ridiculous.
"Jews, surrender."
I just want him out of here.
You screwed with the old man until he died of fright.
Why just become two crazy bitch?
"Even with this tiny amount and nothing but these disgusting sewer rats to experiment on, I have nearly recreated my psychic neurochemical."
Risen from the ashes.
"Now, they may be foolish... petty thieves, even drug abusers... but they are not the ruthless bombers who have terrorized Britain for months."
"Fine, but you japs will all be eating hoagies in a month!"
I swear that girl ain't got no goddamn gratitude.
I'm trying to bribe Perry into liking me so I'm sending Dick and him dirty magazines.
"Nicholas agrees. You are much more ugly than me, Muyenga."
You scum!
EDDIE. That actor...
"We don't fuck up the world, Rainer."
"Hi, dummy."
"F- R-Y, ""First of Aug '69 I will go on a kill rampage Fry night."
Is anyone with a brain left in this country?
They use their teeth and their claws to rip each other's throats out.
"I know I'm acting crazier than an outhouse rat, but I can't stop."
"So you like beating up your fiancée, huh?"
"Catholics and Protestants in Ireland were killing each other for a century, but now that they are in the EU, they have recognized the idiocy of their conflict and the inevitability of reconciliation."
My wife's still on my ass about the last time.
You really think I'm going to let you walk free around this fucking planet?
It's filth.
Tell him I'll be giving him two shots.
'cause of the restraining order... which sucks ass 'cause it's been like... mine and Silent Bob's home since we were kids.
No more corrupt politicians!
"Come on, get your ass in the car."
He's the sick one.
Get drunk and look for women!
‘What you fink you are?’ he said.
Get the hell out!
"Yeah, the white chick is tripping and screaming, yeah."
Or else it's fucking confusing.
"CHAMBERS: Kal, you old dog. How are you?"
"Tell him I said to bomb any country with a ""Q"" in it."
"It is when I see others degraded that I rejoice... ...knowing it is better to be methan the scum of ""the people"""
You're just worried I'll be busted and you get the shitty 10b back.
"Shit, I'm sorry. They were early."
"Right, get on the radio. Tell them we'll come back and pick them up once we dump the scumbags."
The baritone was this fat guy named Kip Diskin.
"We shall proceed as planned, and as soon as we return to 1985... we'il destroy this infernal machine."
Can you imagine what it feels like to be alive for thousands of years and realize you're actually going to die because some self-righteous cop decided he was going to save the fucking world?
Are you crazy?
"I make the fuckin' rules, all right?"
"Damn it, I've got to get this through before we hit the Chunnel."
"'No, you damned well won't,' grunted Druss."
"If I say okay, will you close the fucking door?"
I've always known... ..l'il die alone.
"Is he a man, is he a deviant, or... a freak of nature?"
"What is your problem? My problem is I'm old enough to sit with Dad all night, be a messenger boy, bring shit from the house, but I'm too young to deal with the larger issues?"
"When you throw your life away, instead of fool, they call you hero."
Are you insane? And where did you come up with that stupid-ass diamond story?
I will have your eyes put out.
He's human. He's working with a witch.
She had the look of a woman who's fucking someone and hasn't had anywhere near enough just yet.
They have one purpose. Killing.
How silly do I feel?
"But then last night, I see that, that moron, he's packing."
That sneaks in like James fucking Bond.
You little coward!
We had a little trouble... some stupid thing with the airplane!
"Yeah, I hear T fucked up the miracle of birth... and the car, which is why I want to talk to my wife."
I guess I'm gonna die.
Les go get breakfast. Forget this shit.
"'I'm very grateful,' said Darktan, still wheezing, 'but don't get silly."
"Byrus, he thought. Ah, fuck."
Don't you even fuckin' lay a pinky on me!
""" Nobby leaned his pike against the wall and fumbled a fag-end from the recesses of his ear."
"""Where the hell did you find that girl?"" he said."
I don't give a shit.
What are you talking about? Shut up!
"Not yet, but we've confirmed that you now have the virus that causes AIDS."
Pump her out.
You didn't agree before? Are you crazy?
They'll think that you're a real hard bastard.
Oh? You called me a coward.
She lowered the neckline of her tank top until I could see the tops of her small breasts.
Troll in the dungeon!
Just throw your gun in the river.
"According to law 4902, 'Take a puff or two,' they gotta help you before they throw you away-- before they lock you up, some shit."""
"No, it's because of the people of Britain, the British, Brits, or scum, as we are affectionately known around the world."
"If that guy doesn't lose his arm soon, I'm gonna fucking take it from him myself."
And the cloth you sold me last time was stinky.
"Back in the lab, it went to black."
"They live in the poorer districts of the cities, in little white colonies, and a black who marries a white is socially ostracized."
"When I was old enough, I liked to hit him."
Bombay's getting too damn polluted man!
She should be put down.
"I can play tourist when I’m on a planet, while Bury busts his ass making more money.”"
No fucking way that was a strike.
"So please welcome your new snake sucker,"
I got a backlog of scumbags I'm still trying to put behind bars.
I'm sure he could make room for a pig.
You are insane. You buried the chickens alive.
you have to get rid of them.
"Let's shoot. Congratulations, gentlemen."
Damn town!
Shut it off.
"Wasn't three weeks later when the crow came back to me in a dream and said, ""Your daddy's gonna die."
"First, all the slaves all the cheap ones and the females past their prime."
He's an embarrassment for the show.
"Whoa. It sucks that you got caught, but it's not my fault."
"He's corrupt, but he's not thorough."
"If you'il excuse me, the drainage on the south side of this place sucks."
It's your choice: Pussy talk or apartment?
you can't just stand there like a spare prick at a wedding.
You know how crazy everyone says you are?
Get out of the fucking way.
That's why I got a lazy eye and shit:
"You talkin' to me, mothafucka!"
"God, I suck at this."
And it's not like I can't get all the sex I want here.
My father was in hell and they said that's where I'd go when it's my time.
Who the hell's this guy?
President of this godforsaken nation.
Damn. Thanks for your time.
Roll that shit! Chef Big Dog up all night cooking!
Maybe you should show him your ass.
I feel like I'm on safari watching the fucking wildlife.
After that one fuck?
Should have died 10 years ago when she could marry money.
"You've got to drag that big ass leprechaun from Lucky's used car lot, all the way to the high school."
Is that what you fink?
"I have a clear shot at your head, Mr. Bond."
She'd just been dumped by some asshole named Michael.
That sneaky little misanthrope cut my speaker wires and knocked me out with a shovel.
"It says ""To Aliide from your sister."" - Bullshit."
Negro!
An absurd vagrant in a ditch ... ... The wayside.
Never had sex with a woman before.
"Volodya, third one will hit you."
"Simon shook his head, feeling as confused and stupid as a sun-struck ox."
"Outside these fucking walls, bro."
Your timing sucks.
I don't want to talk about time travel shit.
"Just point, aim, and shoot."
"Okay, Plan B. Everyone knows men have one fatal weakness, they can't resist hookers."
"Those radical, muckraking bastards, Woodward and Bernstein at The Washington Post!"
Who's the only goddamn woman in the galaxy?
Now I'm going to do his teeth and cut off his fingers.
She makin' you crazy?
"Sam Gamgee, your legs are too short, so use your head."
"Sally: Ou are a threat to every relationship in the world until you're married, dead, or both!"
Who would want to kill you?
"But now, I'm the president and I'm so fucking rich."
"Jesus, a scarecrow."
We're gonna kill him! We're gonna get him!
"Go, Savannah, kick it."
I think I'd have just enough time to slice someone open.
So you were a military brat.
You know this is... this is just not fucking working.
Who the fuck are you?
What crap are you talking about?
"Darn, I thought they kept this open."
And where was Laura when you were attacked and almost turned into a delightful dimwit with no control over your faculties?
"""What the hell,"" I said."
"Or yours."" we'll punch the yellow of the moon so it pops behind him."
"Now, we went to hell and back to get this thing ."
A fucking alien!
I've never had sex with somebody that I loved before.
"This is fucked up, man."
What's this bullshit about another director?
Then it becomes damn without me.
Let's get some coffee and get the fuck out of Nevada... ...before housekeeping shows.
"Spread your legs, bitch!"
So this guy is showing me his disgusting house... ...which clearly he's self-conscious about.
I left a fucking message on the machine!
Not only could you kill yourself but you could set fire to Earth's atmosphere and destroy all human life as we know it. Got it.
"Damn, I didn't see that."
But I want to be here when you fire her ass.
"I pledge you my word, Francis... ifyou ever make your bed dirty again... I'll cut it off."
You shot my fuckin' toes off!
"I... Oh, turn around, for fuck's sake."
"I have a bondage sex story I could tell you, but it would probably be more entertaining than informative."
"He's probably just nervous. Relax, damn you!"
"To hell with that. If they want a fight, I'll give them a fight."
"Eric, Jack... whatever his fucking name is!"
She's taken our money and taken us for fools.
"Destroy you, if you're stubborn."
"Told her if I catch her doing that shit again, I'm taking Keisha."
"You know, for being born again today, you sure look like crap."
"Vic either saw more deeply or remembered more clearly about the closet door that turned into an unhinged idiot mouth in the dark of night, a place where strange things sometimes rustled, a place where hanging clothes sometimes turned into hanging men."
"You're going to die in a tiny space, Jake."
They saw me seeing them shoot the guy.
"By this time next year, rule the whole goddamn Midwest."
"Of course, girls nowadays, tattoos all over their bodies, fake boob jobs, pierced tongues, who knows what all."
"Unless, of course, there were a bitch brave enough to bathe beside me."
"Yes, uh, I have four pockets - Shut up"
"who complained about her poorly endowed and sexually inadequate lover."""
One of those people who write nonsense on the Internet.
She committed suicide with poison.
"He is mad, mad, fii!"
"'Cause if you do, Jack, I'll stick your ass on an airplane and you're headed back to Boston."
I want to ask you something What? Fuck!
"He's gonna die, too."
"See, my last girlfriend, she was hot, but absolutely mental."
But you're in the shithouse.
"In that case, how come so many of the rich buggers is bastards?"
"Okay, then why the hell are you calling me?"
Fuck! I knew it!
Not suffer ... die.
Burned him while he still breathed life.
You don't wanna fuck a stranger in the porno movie for some weird reason.
"I hate the frontier, I hate everything in it."
What cruel madness... this foolish hope of mine!
Just waiting to be put out of your misery.
And damn you for not understanding either.
"Oh, sorry for the mess. We're just a bunch of degenerates."
I bet that genetically engineered shit tastes better than grass.
Grey was tired and mad and had dysentery.
But we still haven't found the damn thing.
Celeste fired your ass this morning!
He rushed us. Crazy.
'Cause that is exactly what I am gonna fuckin' do.
It'd soothe your troubled soul if you could just stick it to this particular scumbag.
"Yeah, I'm not good with the snobs, but slutty's my bread and butter."
"No, you're a phony Mexican."
"She knew it was a stupid, self-evident question the moment it escaped from her lips."
"Eight years ago, these vigilante fucks put my father on his knees and executed him in public."
"You set me upto get me out of the way, so you get up to some of your bloody monkey business."
"It's called ""go to hell."""
"Natasha, you know, there's one awful thing about you."
"This weather sucks.Whatare we doing, lex?"
"As you now know, the evil witch of the dark lives inside your sister. That is why she knows not of my plan"
"Damn! Sorry, what was that?"
"What are you gonna do, Dad, spank me?"
My surrender sentences them to death and I doubt God will intervene to save them.
"I never knew you were into this kind of shit, John."
Because the gun in his hand is gonna match the bullet they find in his brain.
Pull out ten whites.
"Or you figured you'd buy some grade-""A"" sperm from Pascoe, sell it out the back door, and use your own bad bull semen to make some lame cattle so you could sue."
How the hell do you think?
Go out and chop off the hand of every wolf you find until you get what you want.
"""I don't want that damn thing here; I get them every day from the Canyon City boys."""
"Maggie, I don't know what kind of stupid stories he's been telling you, but whatever it is, it's got nothing to do with us."
"Cut off one head, another rises up in its place."
"Follow Costello, you'll find his rat."
"""Lousy damned way to spend a Sunday afternoon,"" he said."
You kill her?
"Look, all I'm saying is, this shit can be unpredictable!"
Chelsea had sex with Matt Gunn.
How I ever lost to a fool like you I'll never know.
"Sorry, pal, I'm not donating to the nation of islam."
I'd like to put that butt in ski pants.
"Other than you still wanting to have sex with other dudes, and him bankrupting your family, I think you kids are pretty much home free."
Leave him the fuck alone.
"Any bad weather comes in up there and you're pretty much screwed, really, you've got to get off the mountain fast."
I think that an appropriate response to watching your boss shoot a corpse is not to grin foolishly.
"If you come a little bit closer, my boy... I can just crack your skull with my stick."
"God damn it, Stuart!"
You want to blow up half of New York.
and together we can get rid of these fags once and for all.
And how many cocks can you entertain with that cute little cum-Dumpster of yours?
"Your talk ain't real, your walk ain't real... the way you dress ain't real. You don't even copy 'em from the real thing. You fuckin' get it from the TV."
Goddamn insult.
"""How about we don't kill you for breaking oath with the Mockers and entering the sewer without our leave?"
You're shittin' me...
Get the fuck out of here.
Doesn't that just suck... when people aren't who or what they say they are?
"Rachel had looked at him strangely, not understanding what was so funny, and Louis couldn’t tell her that it had been a stupid accident, and people had been hurt, but they would all walk away from it."
I need thatgoddamn screenplay!
Go to hell!
"Shit, what'd you do that for?"
"All because of a father's determination that no fat white man, like your fathers probably, would ever send his son to the clubhouse for cigarettes and beer."
Makes her fat and slow.
"Right. Ooh, you're so horny. Tongue me!"
Everyone knew Lord Winder was insane.
"Cupid, stay out of this!"
You mean you actually eat those disgusting things?
'How come I never see you in anything but those old shitkickers?' Cap asked.
This shit's got to be mulch by tomorrow.
Why the fuck do I let you drag me into this shithole?
"But the operation could kill me, too. Right?"
"Quit waving that iron around, you big palooka."
"He's also one of your roommates, so if I were you, I'd think about suicide."
He's paying your mother because she's having sex with him.
I will run you over with my car.
One damn sure thing!
"Despite being married to a truly horrible man,"
"Somebody peeped us and called five-0, and we barely made it out ofthe store. The cops were on our asses."
I killed a fucking spook.
"You know, I'm just doing some PR shit here for the baseball team."
We'll never do business with that bunch of bandits.
"Then Toby Lanyard's goddamn cleaver went whizzing by his ear, taking off a piece of it as it went, and the arm around his throat fell away as Marsh felt blood spatter his shoulder."
Any one of them would die for Braga.
"Here's a thief, miss!"
"""The Americans pay their whores more than we do in Europe, I suppose."
"But if we can't reconnect, they won't reperfuse and they'il die."
Fucking hell.
What the hell is wrong with you?
"You thinkI'm a loser, don't you?"
You don't have a fucking clue about anything else.
"Creole woman like you, you always alone."
He should have died.
"That guy, man. He is such a fucking nerd, I can't believe he doesn't work with you people."
"Yes, it was a flashy , one his Mestre would have slapped him for trying ckly in even a street match, but these were not play- ey were white racists."
"Of course, he needed the money for a reason. Possibly to buy the services of that work-shy scum in the Undercity."
"Well, I'm just wondering if this darn book deal is done or not."
"""It's about when you die."""
I'm starting to fucking feel like a chick here.
"This is a photograph-- Pretty shitty one, at that."
"- This is your secret weapon, father-- Another freak?"
That she had proved a willing participant in her own impending destruction was equally pathetic in Karsa's eyes.
They're so evil they'd take our 12-year-old boy... ...and shoot him through the skull for no reason.
"I usually find babies gross, but this one..."
Yet absent fucking plan to be clothed or fed we must take matters into our own hands.
"Go crazy, big guy."
"Jesus, you've got a big noggin."
"I could tell you forward and backward about some day when I was five, and my dad bought me a stupid ice-cream cone."
Everyone will still think I went to kill Gibson.
"That he is mad, 'tis pity, 'tis true."
"Yea, it's just disgusting."
"I'm Steve-O, and Icollected nine days of elephant shit."
He seemed to feel the infection festering its way straight through his skull into his brain.
"I'm just kiddin', bitch."
I thought your big new noggin was gonna prevent these kind of shenanigans.
They haven't gotten around to shooting women yet.
You two are like evil warlords mining the souls of innocent zombies.
Is that all your dirty mind can think of?
You... are the crack... in my world.
How the hell did you get Lorenzo lamas?
Damn. He's got the bloody map!
"Besides, I've got you two idiots, Mystic Falls' amateur therapists."
I told you to stay with the wimp.
"If you do not comply before this burns out, you'll die one by one."
How do you know this shit?
She doesn't give a damn what I think.
What shit do they load?
How many butts does she have?
You made a deal with Hague to fuck me over.
If he'd hit you in the mouthyou'd have nothing that works.
"If you think I could kill Nate, how the fuck do you know I don't wanna do this?"
Let me tell you something about dick thompson.
Get off me!
D'you want a smack on your ear to help you with your hearing?
"He stole your jokes, stupid. I st came to talk to him about something."
"I know you can drink whiskey, and snore and spit and wallow in filth and bemoan your station."
"Jeffrey, no, you get the hell out of here!"
He's just a Jihadi.
The Marines had saved his ass in Vietnam more than once.
She wiped her naked buttocks... At dusk.
"I figured I'd kick off my shoes, get comfy, stab myself on your rug."
"I didn't... she didn't ask to be raped, and I didn't rape her because rape I-is a... is a bad thing, but it's okay to joke about things."
You've actuallybuilt the bloody thing.
Saw him haul ass out of here this morning
We wouldn't know a damn thing.
"It's going to be a long, dull job, but it's a damn sight worse for the Germans."
I could do what I liked. But it just turned out shit...
I know all about your fucking condition!
"For two days and two nights, we beat the shit out of him."
"Hey, pussy. Here, pussy."
"""A crazy woman on my hands!"
"He'd very likely still be fucking around, trying to get one of the women to give him the password and file name, when the police showed up and killed his ass."
"Kill your friends, nearly kill you!"
I had a hard time selling sex yarns.
Damn him!
"If he hadn't got himself killed, I'd be set for life."
Wait until you've got the shot.
Your face is all red.
Nobody else in town is as tacky as you.
That's what I said to my old ugly hairdo.
"Rash, impulsive, angry."
Lawyers don't give a damn about women.
"Right after you punch me in the face, you tell me that."
To my charity have you ever sent the most impudent beggars; around my sympathy have you ever crowded the incurably shameless.
Tell him you're fuckin' sorry!
"The part where I flipped our jeep down a cliff about 90 goddamn times, because I got drunk to cope with the fact I was about to murder us in the jungle?!"
I just rammed a wooden stake into my brother's chest... because he turned into a vampire... even though I don't believe in vampires.
Now feel it die!
"""Just like the little bastard said,"" Jay said."
Yeah? You killed my father.
"Shut up! Sit there, and wait,"
"Just a minute ago, when I was prepping for a pre-tape with that idiot who's still sitting in the studio..."
"Crap, what does my mother know about all this by now?"
He who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
"DWAIN: All right, gladiator love slaves... a little more thrashing. I want to feel your pain."
You and your motherseem crazy about each other.
I almost got fucking killed.
Fink... all screwy.
"Where the hell you been, girl? Things around here have been, as the French would say, bat-shit crazy!"
Where the fuck is it?
"Nicole, I'm gonna wrap this around your neck, okay?"
Shut it off.
"Flynn, do you hear that Code Red or am I losing my shit?"
"Wow, that sounds really not romantic and also very, very gay."
"Frankly, I thought you were too much of a self-absorbed ass to do this for us."
"You fuck them, you better do it right."
You must be shitting me!
"First we'll break his arms, then his legs, and then we'll take a break."
Purge it.
I'm gonna shut up now.
Your fucking best behaviour.
I don't shit where I eat.
You're surrounded by a bunch of hunks.
"By Allah! you are a lion's whelp and will not die and she--"""
"Don't be silly, Finn!"
You would have sex with a girl on her period?
"Go, team, go, and beat those bums!"
"Skilgannon the Damned, in a world of the damned."
"Damn Hey, watch it!"
My motherfucking ball.
We're gonna get the shit kicked out ofus by our pal Fred in two hours.
But I don't want him walking around thinking he's the shit.
"Elisabeth! What do you want me to do, cut my hands off?!"
GANTZ moves by sucking his energy.
"God, you and your brother look scary alike from the back."
"Now listen to me and listen good, you dumb sonovabitch robot!"
"Please nurse, for a woman with a dead fetus on your head, you're not being very openminded."
"For God's sake, Al, what the hell are you getting yourself into?"
"Goddamn Bugs whacked us, Johnny. The meteor was shot out of orbit by Bug plasma... that derived from Klendathu. The Arachnid's home planet."
That's stupid!
And I'm pretty sure Brandy didn't stab herself in the head with sux.
Okay. I would ring the bell to distract him... ...and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
Why kill all these people and leave it behind?
Or some damn thing.
What kind of a dumb question is that?
"Dale Barrish. He treated me like a queen, but he was just boring as shit."
Australian people are mean.
A typical army fuck.up.
Get the fuck out of my room.
You put your junk in reverse!
"And I don't like being stalked, not by psycho nerds or their cats!"
"I was just gonna say maybe we could have streamers but, that's dumb."
I hate getting punched in the chest.
You want to talk to me like this?! You can get the fuck out of my car and you can walk.
Shit. What you gonna do now?
One of the useless things I remember from school is the Turner Thesis.
D-list Burt Reynolds but more rapey.
No! - He's Taylor's stooge!
"Garbage duty, late night, early morning, double shifts-- Whatever you got, load me up."
The fuck you ain't wake me up for?
"Well, I'm sure as hell not going to reward her for breaching our costly, yet apparently crap, security system."
Are you trying to drive me insane?
Right there in the middle of the afternoon he was screwing a female NYPD detective on his couch.
Fucking Hamas suicide bomber piece of shit blew him up in a pizza parlor.
"""I did this to save your stupid life."
"Two: despite that Zindevar was an envious bloodbag, she didn't much relish her ugly reputation as a sapper of crones and a curse on her own sex in general."
Landlords are horrible.
"My entire life, you and Leo treated me like I was some fragile piece of china, afraid I'd break at the slightest touch, because Dad was stupid enough to get shanked when I was 7 years old."
"It (he, dammit!) knew about the branch."
"But for all that, he was a handsome devil."
Internet porn.
DEATH TO THE KING
"He believed he could enter into their minds and feel the truth of all their lives–the hardened outlaw, coarse, ignorant, bestial, who murdered as Bill Black had murdered, who stole for the sake of stealing, who craved money to gamble and drink, defiantly ready for death, and, like that terrible outlaw, Helm, who cried out on the scaffold, ""Let her rip!"""
"LA, Mr Trudeau, don't mean shit."
They could kill someone for this.
Give us back that baby monster!
You're animals.
And will somebody answer the damn phone once in their life?!
"""Today's the day they die,"" that's what I meant to say."
I had this nasty-ass rash once.
I give a shit what my father-in-law thinks.
"Ekpo's photo files, burnt to hell."
Got a boil on my ass the size of a walnut.
"Too bad I couldn't give this thing away in this contest, but you know, Lahey fucked up the whole contest."
Case pulled the .22 out of his pocket and level led it at Wage's crotch.
"Official cause of accident listed on the hospital form, ""pussy."""
You look starved to death.
"I'm out here looking for some psycho with Scott and Steve, right? And I'm realizing, who the hell are Scott and Steve?"
"Back in the old times, I might peel your skin back, Fillet you,"
You're waiting for the Longevity Monk you wanna eat his flesh
"The cops don't give a shit about you, Kathy!"
"Cover it with malaria and leeches, sprinkle some dengue fever on it, and eat a big goddamn jungly dick!"
That... one silly mistake of yours will help get me through the rest of my life
The human woman and the devil-man both groaned.
Some man will just crush 'em.
They're probably all three blind drunk in some Nogales whorehouse.
"Uh, with me, it's easier to say which ones aren't hookers."
I'm gonna throw at your A-Rog heag.
Brilliant. Fucking brilliant.
"He'll be nice about it, but the moment I get there, everybody will know I don't belong there. - Am I being dumb?"
"I'll pour some wine, rub in some feces, and, to top it off, some mustard mixed with feces."
What wolf? You're crazy.
Shoot. A blond woman matching Hannah McKay's description... ...walked into urgent care with a young boy named Harrison Morgan... ...said she was his mother.
"So fuck pears… Pears are like a rock, so you think, “I’il take them home and they’il ripen up,” and you put them in a bowl, and they sit there going, “No!"
A very foolish one... who wasted many hours slaying dragons instead of attending to his studies.
You've become pathetic shadows Of what once you were.
Why do you care about that disgusting thing so much?
"She's a loser, Lenny."
"I'm pigheaded, Stranger."
"I have done some fucked-up shit that would make me hate myself for it, but I don't."
Not as good as the chicken salad... but better than gettin' smacked in the neck with a big-ass rubber band.
Bobby's girl saw the black bastard.
"HeY, piggY, piggY! HeY, pig!"
"Yesterday, Zooey Wigner was found with the left side of her head caved-in... floating face-up in that shithole basement apartment."
how men like me can get so screwed up.
I'll tell you one goddamn thing.
"Oh come, naughty old brother, don't insult me."
"I did, and I was, and I waited my goddamn turn."
"No, no fucking dare throw that fucking water at me!"
"What, is this fuckingcrowd full of dead people?"
What fuckin audience?
"""I'll have to wear the damn polyester stuff Lucian bought me if we're going back out on the street."""
Or were gigantic nipples?
I thought you were fuckin' watchin' him.
She just blasted a hole in a bloody fucking wall I
I have to cut it out of her.
We know they’re killers.’
I hate these northers.
"He screwed you, Brasher, and betrayed all of us."
I knew you couldn't resist my shit.
"""We made the goddamn thing,"" the man with the glass eye says."
I could sell more of my semen.
Get off him.
"This is my evil best pal, Zarkos."
"If we don't, I will freak out and start karate-kicking people."
Go open a fucking restaurant in Costa Rica.
"""To take his shot?"""
"If you want to appeal at the end of it, knock yourself out."
"""lf I forgot your silly birthday Would you fuss?"
"God, I'm so fucking lame, and you're such a fucking baller."
Dolly Messiter was with me... and she talked and talked and talked until I wanted to strangle her.
Friggin' white Jesus.
"The third bullet was for the filthy flamingo, who stopped dead center in the road when the lethal bee buzzed past his ear."
At the moment she was ready for a circus freak show with her enormous belly.
Out of my experience I should say he was the big crook.
"Gosh darn, that Wal-Mart sure does have a nice photo shop."
"We will loot Shiring Castle, slaughter the men, and show the women what true soldiers are capable of!"
Darn. I thought I was improving.
You die. You only managed to kill eight innocent civilians today.
"You guys, you've gotta fill the windscreen with the sucker or you're not going to hit him."
"I killed them, Eriatha."
"Secretary of defence gets his head blown off, and you want to look at the knockout punch."
"It occurred to Gant that maybe he could fuck with their minds a little bit.., but how to go about it?"
"Was she someone who had a lot of sex with men, who could also be suspects?"
Slave! - Have you seen my mistress?
"Shim If you're really quiet, you can almost hear the rhythmic sound of all that sex going on."
The Arabs and the West can destroy each other.
It was a fuckin' paradise.
"That's when we grab them, armed and loaded, and when all the shit goes down, you walk into one of our secured vehicles."
"It was ""Fuck"" and I hit it."
He's dying his damn hair.
I want you to go and never come back.
"The two rapists, the Nigerian kid...."
"Thank him for it, you son of a bitch, or you're fired."
Don't you want to stay and see the cock-a-mouse?
"This guy is nuts, isn't he?"
Did you just call me a fool?
"He might be nuts and 1 50 years old and dressed like a car crash, but he's a survivor."
A call to Jews for savage retribution.
"She's a pain in the neck, man!"
"I’ll smack myself upside the head with the heel of my palm, then grab my legal pad and write something like p."
...which is ironicbecause that chick had a pretty big-ass...
"Settlers, prospectors, land speculators, they won't admit it... ...but the truth is they'd all like to see the Indian dead."
"Every time he fucked her, he'd offer me one of his clients."
"All right, I'm taking care of this one. But when we win this fuckin' thing, Richard, you're buying the next round."
"Only show me a man, a target, Szgany, and I could crush him with a glance."
"Pam's like, gay for doomsday, she thinks our whole society's gonna collapse if we run out of oil or whatever."
"Below her, Duque groaned, then quite clearly he shouted, ""Bitch!"
Shit you scared me!
The Drunken Mantis will scratch those naked legs.
"Oh, oh, and one more thing: um, if I yell ""cheeseburger,"" it means I'm getting close, and you need to whack me on the back of the head 'cause I want this to last."
You're being ridiculous.
"See, all that fighting and shit, that's just passion!"
Where's your damn funny bone?
You could burn somebody.
"God damn it, you're not gonna leave me in this cage."
"This guy, this man, he's not human."
"Oh, are those more donkeys for daddy?"
Hunt me!
The kids are truant.
"""If the shit hits the fan, this could end up like Hamlet."""
We haven't had sex since I got sick.
"Come on, Dolores. You don't believe... a painted hussy like that could turn my head."
"He's a genius but Hank is, a total slob..."
She's a snake.
He had run to the clearing and the copters with bullets whicking all around him and body- parts made in America lying on the trail where the mine or the booby-trap or whatever the fuck it was had gone off.
"""He killed the puppet."
They are gun dogs.
I want him gone.
"You know, and normally he wouldn't lift a finger to do anything for me... ...but the one thing he cannot stand is a scandal... ...and you know, a joint chief... ...with a homosexual son in the military definitely qualifies as scandal."
Before you clean me and give me your forgiveness... I should show them to you. even if they are repugnant to you.
I want to extinguish it.
"That miserable man would seem for a time to have become convinced of his errors, when far removed from the scenes of his old offences, and to have lived a peaceable and honest life."
You would have to be some kind of idiot to make the facile assumption that the current would add or subtract 5 miles per hour to or from the speed of the boat.
"Oh, damn it. She's out."
"You're too scared to use such power, little sorcerer."
My wife is crushed by big fucking block of concrete.
I figured she was a raging alcoholic.
Who the hell told you that?
A math test in a few days... and I think we're playing baseball in gym class today... so I can look forward to sucking hard in right field.
You don't want him on your ass.
Your color is terrible.
"Gene, we're not some shitty little shipyard anymore!"
Looks like he's killin' ya.
Oh why are you going into my armpits now.
"I am saying, far as I'm concerned... your initiative and leadership abilities... and stick-fucking-to-it-iveness are all in fucking question."
Or do you wanna burn 'em?
You sure as hell didn't infect them with a virus that makes them rabid beasts.
It's my fucking car.
There is a real difference between an unfortunate and a loser.
"""Madame Vorsoisson said she would test out the bug shit on her plants for us,"" Kareen consoled him."
You insolent puppy!
"I am gonna sue your ass, Hazlit!"
"I got a cold, and I'm fucking tired, you know."
"One day, I come home from work, - Right. And Tommy was thinking these guys are assholes."
"Just like... it really, really sucks... that I can't eat him."
"""If the sheriff and his men were inside when the bastards blew up the jail, we won't see help here from the palace for another ten or fifteen minutes,"" said James."
"Hey, fancy vest! Go ahead and pull that rifle if you want to, but speak to your boss before you use it, cos he'll be dead before I hit the ground."
"Shit, where are they going?"
Shoot 'em!
"Oh, you'd sing that stupid song."
I'm gonna swing you in.
"The florist hated that kind of Godless behaviour -look where it had got his children - he wanted to beat the kid around a bit, and teach him not to play silly beggars in the House of the Lord."
So you ordered Captain Kanzaki to kill him.
"In your mind, you think your mother shouldn't want sex, because she has you."
Thank you. Or some shit in it that'll fix the time machine.
I was a fucking good striker.
a piece of dumb show which the Jew appeared to understand perfectly.
"Lashing out at everyone, trying to make us all as miserable as she was."
I'm not going to throw up on you... but I am going to kiss you.
What's so goddamned funny?
"Oh, you're a mess, dude."
"Whoever wants to suck me off, raise her hand."
Child of the devil.
"The penis of Colin, is about that you want to talk now?"
Lummox was inclined to argue; from his point of view it was as silly as attempting to pen a hungry boy by stacking pies around him.
Don't be a smart arse.
I wouldn't be sucking up otherwise.
"You know, I'm a writer, Sasha, not a fuck toy."
"To the inmates, you're Jensen Ames, the new grease monkey."
And he won't be satisfied until every Lycan's dead.
"My boss, for all his bullshit encouragement, how he respects what I'm doing, the reality is he resents my sobriety."
"You just see me as a screw-up, or bad... or both."
"It was a hidden research, you idiot"
"If I don't see you tonight, I'm prepared to take my own life."
The internet sucks.
Is this prestigious murder and suicide our only option?
Everyone in here is gay?
I wish you'd draw some blood down in Oxford... though you'd need a miracle.
Do you know why I'm gonna wanna have sex with you?
You been living like a damn princess while I ran this place!
"Stop it, bastards!"
The best places to give yourself an injection are: the front of your waist (abdomen); your buttocks; the front of your thighs or upper arms.
Baer don’t need to know about no goddamn ribs.
Coward.
Check it out. Lick it.
You insolent pup!
"As if she's confessing to me, ""I want you to treat me like a donkey."""
"You know, you and Monica have the same I'm-gonna-kill-you look."
I'll have you removed.
I will even kiss you.
"She came to L.A. wanting to be an actress,man, stars in her eyes, all that shit."
Damn shame.
"My nanny is off the clock at 7:30. So your week off, bigger desk, tighter nurses' uniforms, or whatever other stupid thing you're about to demand is gonna have to wait until..."
That is so disgusting.
What the hell kind of drugs are you people giving me?
"Listen to me, kid. We have a very, very short season to gather our nuts. I could do without your bitch-ass whining when we should be out nut gathering."
"You got the women, you got the fame, and you can't fucking die!"
Two orgasms?
"But all the society dames talk like tramps nowadays."""
"So from now on, I am only gonna read newspapers and watch TV shows where white guys sit behind big desks."
"The ""idol of the ring"". And ""cold-hearted pretty boy""?"
"Plenty of dummies, damned few ventriloquists.”"
Don't lay this guilt crap on us.
Get out of my fucking...
"That, that kid, fuckin' Irish."
The game was not played properly... so both will die.
"You don't know anything, shut up."
"No. From now on you're in the ""getting fucked by us"" business."
"Now David and his men, sometimes scorned by the elite forces, were charged with pulling Delta's and the Rangers' asses out of the fire."
They ain't looking for fucking cops.
"It was messy and you needed a closed coffin, but it was a lot easier on me and a quicker death for the vampire."
How selfish.
"She whirled around and stared at the night-blackened window, and a hideous white face with circles of darkness for eyes was gibbering in at her, the face of a monstrous lunatic that had been hiding in these groaning walls all alongIt was only a pattern of frost on the outside of the glass."
You think this shit is funny?
"I said, ""Well, you had kids. ""You spent the first two years handling their shit."
Sergeant Klutz glared his best glare at us and we shut up.
"Now let's bring the can of D'Vita slowly towards your mouth, like you're gonna give a big, wet kiss."
"Well, maybe I freaked out, and blacked out, and killed the three little boys and fucked 'em up the ass or something."
Sir! What the-- what the fuck?
Get the little jerk a better present.
"Damn, let's go."
It means we'll both turn into slugs in about 30 seconds
You wanna kick the shit outta me?
Don't you realize she's a psycho?
He'll torture your little doughboy body into talking!
Only solace is they chased his ass down a city street at 4:00 in the morning. Shot him two inches above his fucking heart.
"Well, I don't know if this is considered Eastern medicine, but I've been eating a lot of rhino cock."
"You made me a fucking accomplice, you liar!"
"Yeah. But, fellas, if I go on Maury Povich with my balls on my chin, my parents are gonna be really mad."
William goddamn Phony Mayhew.
"And if that's what it takes to be a cop these days, Maybe I just ought to hang it up."
"Will you just tell me how you can let me, for all these years, go around thinking these are my damn kids and I can't have any!"
Art sucks.
"My brothers and sisters, screwed me royal"
Gekko's daughter and that smart ass I got fired...
"Joe, what the hell is this?"
"He looks in there, and in there for something sick, something twisted."
"These pedestrians turned to stare at the extraordinary spectacle she now presented, bonnetless, her dishevelled hair blowing in the wind, her bodice apart her sleeves rolled above her elbows for her work, and her hands reeking with melted fat."
You fucking hit me?
"Who better to sneak into a house, access a locked room, shoot Blake with a black talon bullets and leave without anyone the wiser?"
"And for someone who dispenses opinions for a living, the opinion I have of myself is that I suck."
Disgusting.
Where? Market. Money's shit but I'm flogging really cool shoes and I get a discount.
"Damn. But I saw a big, fluffy linen closet at the end of the main hallway."
"Cos of this idiot, Ferguson's threatened to shut down the garden."
"Look, I don't wanna scare this white lady... with two niggas knockin' on her door at 7:30 in the mornin'."
Who else you know got them dumb-ass stickers on the side?
I heard that his staff is sick.
The vulva!
575 degrees and rising. - Shut up!
I've never asked what you going to do with all the shit I gave you.
I will finish off anyone that you can't handle anyway.
It was another of those stupid little traditions that made the Gat furious.*
I haven't seen that many teenage boobs since R. Kelly's birthday party.
"But that's okay, 'cause apparently, I'm gonna miss all this crap one day."
You ain't got no motherfucking money?
You want him dead. Seems like the only choice today.
"Shut your mouth down, fruit."
"Ah, they may be liars, snapped Polly, in a passable imitation of Strappis yap, but theyre our liars!"
"If he shot me anyway, I was going to be pissed."
I can't fuckin' believe you fell for that!
These damned remind me of my father.
That ain't the frigging christmas star.
"In minutes the disturbances were forgotten, dross from a used-up day."
He loves it when I'm a little nutty.
"Fuck no, man! I hate Becca."
What's the fuckin' world coming to?
Get outta here before I come out there and throw you out.
The smoke of burning Roman dead is just as black.. . . ..and the stink no less.
They curse God.
Rincon being innocent is bullshit.
It's about goddamn time.
You the damn expert?
"It's, ""ooh, a plane crashed here."" oh, shut up!"
"If you're so damn good, show me."
"That's what dogs do, they fuck their own cousins."
I know how this fucking bullshit works.
"But I'm just gonna let it go, and I'm gonna kick ass in service tomorrow."
"For twenty minutes while the finishing touches had been under way, she'd been stuck in the living room with him, listening to his idiot jokes, having to smile back at him."
"Hey, thanks for the ""round ass,"" 'cause I've been doing lunges. (laughs)"
Everybody shoot your guns in the air.
"Chino, come and get me, damn you!"
"""I know, Ed, but-damn it!"""
I'm telling you this thing was the size of a freaking football.
Look at you. Just killed a placemat.
"I grant it was only bad luck that my using her for a stunt ended like that, but naturally I wanted to put a hand on the bastard that arranged the ending—”"
"I mean, I gotta shit."
"Oh, Christ, she told me and I fucking forgot."
"If we go up against him, one of us is going to get our brains blown out."
Shoot!
`You Judas!'
"Because I feel like shit, and you care about me."
I was getting a blowjob and Felix stood in the doorway staring at me.
"Because first, we're gonna break your fingers... ...then your arm,then maybe your knees."
"It's not music, it's muse, you idiot!"
"Yes, my daughter is Makes nonsense as always."
So... deranged.
"Wasn't much to look at, but... ...that was the best damn day of my life."
Me being a frickin' human being?
"Now, the first time you kill somebody, that's the hardest."
"Because let's face it, every time a guy meets a girl he wants to check out her breasts."
"For what, your next diatribe about how much your friends suck?"
And you just got a cop shot.
You little whore. You're one to talk.
Liar. You just don't want to go to the doctor.
His generals in Russia are a disgrace.
"""How does it feel, my dear, to know that you have brought pleasure to the damned?"
I killed it!
"She was a matron mother, though, and Alton reminded himself that she could strike him dead with a single spell."
You'il end up dead or in jail.
"she wants to be in dirty black, looking as if she was wrapped in burnt paper."
I'm gonna give you a massage.
You sneaky rat. No wonder you weren't feeling well.
Don't you care a damn what you do? How you talk to your mother...
What the hell is this outfit?
Mr Pink sounds like Mr Pussy.
Where the hell is this coming from?
Let's shoot.
"Ricky, what the hell you doing here?"
This whole fuckin' thing is a disaster!
I dunno why you give a shit.
"Okay, so in England, what do they call a black..."
You fucking believe this guy?
Crying bitter tears For the death of all humanity.
"It's all about intelligence, and intelligence comes down to a bunch of faceless bureaucrats sifting through all this crap."
Shit about scale. Fausto galvan killed a federal Agent.
She asked me where room five was. - Idiot.
"I do say, chum, your British accent bloody stinks."
"Get out of my face, I don't want to see you!"
Is 'cause my idiot friend is in the rodeo.
They can't all be fucking wack.
"""my wife is a wrinkly, big bag filled with hot gas."""
"She’d be all the way down the hall by now, and screaming bloody murder up the stairs."
"Oh, fuck off. Stuart."
Then why do I feel like shit?
"Cos that would probably mean, ""You're from Mars and your ears are made of jam ""and your brother in Kent's buttocks explode to the size of a balloon!"""
"Maybe we didn't get them on murder, but we busted their asses on drugs, weapons and money laundering."
"You see somebody comin' up them stairs, you let faith guide that bullet right through their head."
Nobody would hit such a jerk.
Look. No one's gonna believe anything Russell or Jimmy say. They're just a couple of punks.
"Eight months ago when I was waxin' fuckin' floors in the cafeteria, my moms passed."
He was a braggart and - like most braggarts -filled with fear.
After she confessed to me and then tried to fuck with my head by denying it?
Biding time till you can figure out some MacGyver way to get your ass out of here.
"Well, I'm going to use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom."
"Our target, Island X, is an ugly, smelly, dirty little scab of rock called Iwo Jima."
"Smile for the camera, this shit's going on Roo Tube."
"Shit, Djay, now I'm just paying rent, man."
A quick one before Vincent gets back. - Goddamn it!
"If they catch us, they'll hang us over a slow fire until our brain's boiled."
"Edgar Friendly, whoever the fuck you are, prepare for Simon Phoenix."
"Ass. - ""possible tourette's."""
She'd plug her ears and scream her heart out.
"Whatever crap you got going on with Rayna, Juliette's not part of your solution."
"When my men arrive, I'll take care of these campbell bastards meself, all right?"
What a fucking exhausting day.
"It's too fucking' tight, Trav."
"You just can't handle her raw sexuality, can you?"
This ain't the fucking Discovery Channel.
We are all destined to die one day.'
I'm not stopping till your fur is singed off.
Did it hurt when the crazy lady cut it out of you?
"""First one to miss a target is the loser."""
It was the biggest and we had to shoot these...
If I know Jess... ...there's some real nastysad-suzie work's gotta be done... ...and Bob's the ninny that has to do it.
I don't want to get back in that shit again.
"See, that -- that doesn't work for us, 'cause that would mean that our buddy James is a witch."
They probably helped build the damn things.
You two met at the sex club.
Bitch. It's almost as good as mine.
Just plain crazy.
"Fletcher, wipe your mouth."
You gonna slice them up real nice?
Here's another piece of garbage. ``But will your family accept her?``
Your granddaddy had a big-ass head.
But it's bad enough that they had to bore you With those stupid stories.
Your brother will flee this place and wreak havoc on the universe.
Don't seem right... ...burying the sheriff with that pond scum.
He's moulting; how disgusting!
Damn near everybody here has got a mother or father hanging around outside.
"The Journalist made another note, but Leovinus turned on him so suddenly that he stuck his thumb in his mouth and pretended to be sucking at it."
You crazy. If I saw a shark... ...I'd be like Jesus of Nazareth and run across that water.
"But goddamn, would you believe there's now a way for Interpol to subpoena the records of those accounts?"
All those Ivy League bastards look alike.
The fuck out!
"There were forty-five competitors, and around another hundred hangers-on, whores, servants, trainers."
How did you know that I had sex with Madison?
"When you visit me for your prostate, we'll see who's more important!"
Are you kidding me? - Holy crap!
"Earth's excrement, purged out for the ennoblement of shining steel."
Am I the guy donkey?
Our children are now addicted to your puke!
'cause you saved my ass once with the pro-lifers and I owe you my seat in Congress and because you look very good naked.
"sorry to disappoint, con man."
"Harvey, next time have the balls to do it yourself instead of sending your errand boy."
Write yourself a note and hang it over your one good fucking eye:
Up. Get the fuck over there.
So you pissed off a mafiioso killer just to be loved by fuckin' strangers.
I know you threw away the one person that gave a shit.
"Don't be alarmed, I am going to touch you."
And you said this shit would be under control.
And then Robin Williams is gonna slit his wrists out here.
"No, I'm not going pussy soft."
My hair looks like crap.
Are you shitting me?
Just move out of my fucking way!
"And she didn't take shit from anyone, not even her professors, which seemed shrewish and threatening to him at the time."
"""You had to kill people then, didn t you?"
"Get your butt down, soldier."
I can't have nobody talking shit about my boyfriend.
You're all over the goddamn TV!
You get horny whenever you see a man.
He's a drunk priest who hallucinated Jesus.
The cops can trace that shit.
We need them. Shut up.
Must be nice to give love and support to a child and have it returned instead of thrown into the gutter like a piece of garbage.
"My first thought was, Is this a client? My second thought was, Shit, this guy'$ beautiful."
"Optimism had faded quite a little bit by March of 1997, when I drove through a wet snowstorm with Darcy's Admirer, although when people asked me how it was going ('Writing any good books lately?' is the existential way most seem to phrase the question), I still answered good, fine, yeah, writing lots of good books lately, they're pouring out of me like shit out of a cow's ass."
Not to mention he's his uncle or cousin or whatever the fuck.
"It's baking soda, for fuck's sake."
"If you have a suspicion in your own breast, keep that suspicion in your own breast."
Stilgar found himself amused at the ineptitude of the Harkonnens.
"No, look, I know this is your shit, but look, if you don't want to be here, I'll go grab those guys by their little boners, and we'll drag them, we'll all go back on the bus."
"Choose, he thought, and be damned to you either way."
Fucking cops are unbelievable.
I should have let Al fucking finish you.
Oh! Jesus! Fuck!
Bloody hell. I didn't know Juliet lived in the Chrysler building.
You've been giving me shit all night.
I'm supposed to cry and all thatjunk.
Arrest those impostors!
"Well, I'm not paying for room service the hooker ordered!"
"Listen, guy from Michigan has been poaching every kid I took a sniff of and everyone's on my ass and, if I'm being totally honest..."
Billions of fucking Donald Trump lotto!
All that will be left of you is your bones.
"Dude, I just tasered you, man."
"I don't mind talking to you, but I don't want to be like you."
"Watch out, Vuk What the fuck is he doing?"
Why can’t I just have the friggin' thing now?
"Ah, there you are, I did ask when I saw Dr Mahib cos I thought it was him who said about the police, but he said no, then I said about the chemicals but he said don't be stupid, what chemicals?"
"Maybe you think only criminals and the mentally deficient should undergo brain-function modification."""
"You are a very small, little minute part... of a very big-ass machine!"
"'Tony, either the guy fucked up or he's trying to tell me something."
You are crazy with... who...Ina dongkek
"General, you've killed so many."
That's my shit you stole.
"Yes, you are too young to have sex, and don't drive with P-platers."
"They went to him willingly , each one of them hoping in her heart to bear his offspring ‑not knowing, of course, that such a birth would rip them apart like fresh‑gutted pigs."""
"Well, why don't we discuss the border between the Italians and the Jews going back to Farringdon Road. ~ Farringdon Road... ~ Yeah, Farringdon Road. ~ Fuck!"
I don't know what he did. My friends in Long Island told me he got picked up in some fucking shopping mall.
"Damn, I missed the fireworks."
I wish to God I knew where your damn head was these days.
"Happy birthday, pervert."
"Take cover, shoot."
"Well... yeah, I could turn to look at him, but won't you be shooting the back of my head?"
What do you want me to say?! - You sucked his cock?
Maybe I won't shoot her through a filter. Filter?
You don't have to leave. Fuck!
Most men are such jabber mouths.
He smelled of herring.
You had motive to kill her.
"Give me all your money and whatever parts you got out there in that garage, and I'll consider not putting one in your noggin'."
The fuck are you looking at?
Therule was it was just sex.
"Jesus, Scottie, what the hell is taking you so long?"
"So, when Anne Collins couldn't give a shit?"
She put the nozzle to her mouth and sucked.
"One day, you'll be in big trouble then I'll finish you off"
"Come here, you handsome little bastard!"
"Shut up, man."
"If Yitzchok gets hit, The Rabbi will go to war."
Watch Rocky Johnson take on 20 snarling midgets.
You have penetrated me.
Why you trying to cause class warfare on my ass here?
The Fuck and Smoke and Sleep and Rollover and Get Out of Bed and Wash Your Crotch and Go Out and Buy Two Cans Mr. Pibb and Go Home and Fuck A Whole Lot More.
How many ass-whippings have you saved me from?
This type of killer seeks the power over life and death and covets the power of god.
"""Damn U.S. government""?"
"So are you extra girl weird, or just average girl weird?"
God damn it!
Dammit.
"""His people have copies of it, too, and they laugh their asses off over it."
They have the most insane burritos.
Sorry for being a fool...
You'll need a damn snorkel.
I do not want to be in business with a man who lies and cheats and has no scruples whatsoever.
"I mean, it'd fucking destroy it."
Forget you're in the shit.
"I am getting married in three weeks, and I'm gonna fit in that freaking wedding dress if it kills us all!"
How ridiculously silly of me.
"I'm a screw-up, remember?"
"I will stone them. """
So they became cursed men.
"You, wrinkled as a prune."
And here comes the part where he carries her into the house like a Viking on a rape quest.
Are you shitting me?
We thought it best to cut it off.
"Holy shit. One of us is gonna bleed tonight, and I ain't gonna be me."
"No, I bet there's not. I bet he's fucking freaking out."
"Angry masturbation, which is dangerous."
She'll be dead.
"Get me the fuck down, man."
"Your aunt had called, the wretch was saying.. ..""Why a Muslim boy""."
"I guess they will not think old Appleseed Johnny quite so foolish now, eh?"""
My semen is highly prized.
I ain't liftin' no damn wine to break my back.
Get off my farm!
Life shit.
"'You have become a fool, Shannow,' said the Jerusalem Man."
"You're, like, a giant. A freak, if you will."
They can wait. The bear and the rabbit shit in the woods.
"But it's still Peter. You know, it's still the same kid that got his ass kicked in seventh grade, right beside me."
"Quit being a pussy, and ask her about Daisy."
Word on the street is he's a fucking ghost.
All the pain and suffering in the world just... let everybody wipe each other out.
Shit! - Call a medic!
I can say whatever the fuck I want and you won't remember.
"And then once you realized that you spent the last six months cozying up to a rich old broke guy, well, then you killed him."
"Might he not decide that he was less than wise to trust him called Shadow spawn, a thief and ruthless besides?"
"Nadine, just take your half of blue, shoot it, and go puke awhile."
It whipped my ass in half a week.
Who the hell do you think killed him?
"That Margaret Hamilton... who does the wicked witch was so hair-raising, you know?"
Kill our family.
"Burn this letter after you read it,"
"""Look, I know he's a convicted rapist."
Bullying the gays.
"Jump on him, three fast blows and the motherfucker is out."
They're your own fucking machines!
A woman has no place here.
A bunch of crap really. They just wanted to speak to everybody that's working up there.
"She's a ""freak."""
You can get them the best acclimate by letting them lick your scent on you.
You have the morals of a crocodile.
"If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 miles per hour you're going to see some serious shit."
Totally kill yourself?
Shit! two dozen amyls.
"I told you if I shot him he'd be dead, right?"
Don't make me break this fucking window.
That is why you suck at fantasy football
He deered to kill a king's dare.
"If I was you, I'd shut my fucking mouth and watch my step."
Fuck 95.
"Still, it's easy to be philosophical when it's some other poor cunt with shite for blood."
"If you promise not to kill Robin, I shall do the most disgusting thing... that I can think of."
"I don't know who Rudy is, what the fuck!"
What the fuck did you tell 'em?
"We take away the bullshit, all the reasons that things don't get done, the same old excuses, the same roadblocks to progress that people have been throwing up for years, we could put right-wing politics out of business for a generation."
"Oh, I can barge wherever I fucking like."
Now get in the car so we can go get you some random pussy.
So you can push-up or shut up.
I hate your ass.
"There's no electricity, stupid."
There was no shit?
You show him some goddamn respect.
I'll get my own fucking money!
Hopefully this time they can avoid any cataclysmic fuckups.
I should've let Helen Mirren kick the crap out of you!
One of the things that I like to do... Listen. ... is take a completely shit bottle...
He's a fucking Boy Scout. - Yeah.
"Roman... - No, no, don't give me that crap about you not having a family, man,"
"And enough with the ""fucks"" now."
I want this man banned.
I shot the guy on the third floor down.
"David, what the fuck are you doing?"
My face. if they take a club andknock my teeth out or break my nose. –What about you? –Forget that I asked.
Who the fuck was Feech Lamanna?
"He comes from a filthy, deprived family."
Brickman is such a weirdo.
"You'll have to, I swear, if Robert is killed."
"She doesn't really care about that shit, you know, the noise and the magazines."
"I'm Jack Donaghy, damn it!"
"I don't owe him a goddamn thing, but in 15 minutes my phone is gonna ring and my friend on the other line is gonna tell me exactly where he is."
"Ladies, you have all made it into the house that we call - playfully, with a cheeky wink - Pussy Haven."
"I named him ""Annie's boobs,"" after Annie's boobs."
Good. I thought you said no pigs.
"Fuck no, he can't talk."
I've been fuckin'g lookin' all over for yer.
"Got nothing to do with that shit, all right?"
L.A.P.D. is holding some piece of street garbage who wants to see daylight again.
Go... hit them.
"Getting old is not for sissies, kid."
Cut it off.
It would be so much easier to let you speak than to deal with all the paperwork involved with killing you.
You got a big future ahead of you if you can just keep your bloody head down.
"Paralyses him, puts him in a coma,... ..then keeps him alive."
What the fuck is this?
Ugly grandchildren.
"No, you poked holes in the condom."
He knew about this shit all along.
'Oh... damn.'
You really don't want to kill a man.
"Is there some kind of a pie chart we can refer to Christy, put down the phone. That can explain to me the way you fucking think?!"
Probably got him shot.
I got shit in the car I don't want to be crushed.
What the hell is going on!
Are you guys fighting or just disgusting?
Dad ... ... this junk heap!
"And I think if we fucked, you'd love it."
There was looting and murder and rape all through Rügen.
So you can take a flying kick and a rolling donut! You're fired.
She was vegetarian and Buddhist and all that crap.
The Germans are starting to shit their pants.
"Damn it, what do you think you're doing?"
Shut up! People’s lives are in peril!
I'm tired of the goddamn cold.
"It's just a little prick, that's all."
I'm sitting here till this foolishness is done.
The whole place stank.
They'll blow up the whole damn ship!
The elation with which the vision of new delights filled me was not horrible but pathetic.
My guy's got a lot more to lose than this other chump.
Breathtaking little devils!
Hang it to the left.
Get off me! Please!
"And you come in here with your petty vicious, heartless quibbling and you grind him into the dirt."
Lindhagen screwing with your wife too? No.
"So, then I take out this new canvas, and I think, ""fuck."
"My warriors will patrol the farms and the roads leading into Black Mountain, while your beetlebacks hunt down the scum responsible for the atrocities.'"
'Cause every time you open your mouth it's like a woman repellant.
I can't even tell if he's foolish or able.
I can fit all that crap in my trunk.
I'm a huge alligator nerd.
Why don't you just tell me what the hell it is you're up to?
"There are many human beings, including Nakamura, who do not give a shit what is good for the colony."
Damn you for making me fall in love with you.
"If we go, you're going with us, fat gut."
"Just hold together, you little... shit."
Burn his wagons!
"Shit, not now!"
God damn it! Hey.
"Oh, what the hell? Go big or go home, right?"
"God damn it, Preston, we're gonna finish this film for Herb."
"Winter Kay and his Redeemers, torturing, burning, wiping out whole villages, slaying men, women and children."
You just need to try to be happy while you're here... ...hope there's another place better than this... ...and hope that Jesus lets your ass in.
"Gang rape."""
I'll shoot anything.
"I'm telling you, you're in my kill zone!"
Your daddy and his friends had me put away for five fucking years.
"I've just had a really, really shitty day."
He landed on the bloody roof!
"I've found a scoundrel in here, Jenny."
"What's that nonsense, lad?"
Don't be the monster they fear you are.
I will not negotiate with subhumans.
"Oh, shit! - In fact, I ain't gonna sell it at all!"
You look horrible
"They got into a fight over the money, And they shot each other dead."
"But first, I'm gonna tell you that I'm off the drugs and you'll feel silly 'cause you've got nothing to say for two minutes."
And I'd like to strip you down and butter you... like a slice of Wonder Bread.
But that devil Goudurix stole a cart and... and the two of them ran off!
It's a completely useless class.
What if I decide to just rape you there on the floor in that damned spilt milk?'
"See,I once dated this guy named carl-dog, d anhe had this cousin who was a real ass,you know?"
"Claimed Benny ruined his whole life when he jacked the guy's food truck, comes here with a big-ass knife."
I guess that's what happens when your fiancé tries to slice you up into small bloodless pieces.
I may be a murderer-- murderess.
"Paul, they're tryin' to invent somethin' to kill me right now."
"And well, you are the dirtiest girl I've ever met In every conceivable way, so."
Shut up!
"It's a proper car, rather than a machine that wants, most of all, to kill you."
I killed a man with this thumb.
I know I messed this up! Fuck!
"""Damn it all, Bashar,"" Taraza said, ""will you at least try to help me?"""
"Well, freak, some girls from class,"
Weirdo
The apartment bullshit sweetheart!
"Let's get the fuck out of here, Sebastian."
Killing Dyson might prevent the war. I don't care!
"They're gonna bullshit all night, you're gonna tell me."
It stinks like a human inside.
You'll need both hands to choke a goblin.
"Good, that's great. Now shave and put on your tux. You're getting married and you look like a bum."
"""It would be easier to examine dead devils, but cannibalism is one of their less endearing traits,"" he says."
OK. Clean all the shit out of the chicken coop and dump it behind the shed.
I did what I had to do in Ba Sing Se And you're a fool for not joining me.
These eggs got a little kick to them.
"Is it 'cause he ate Daddy's clown nose? Jack, stay right here."
How many stories start that way? whore. or:
The chinese used to execute people by cutting small pieces of flesh off their bodies.
That guy's a weirdo.
"I told him his drug problem was going to get us both killed, he wouldn't listen."
Get the hell out of here before Congress hangs me from the Capitol Building.
With me his gift is useless.
I can clock you in the head.
"Well, this cucaracha's got AK-47s and he's laying waste to everything that gets in his fucking path."
I shall name my prize pig after you.
"Okay, so we have a misogynistic horror film, some rom com that's gonna make hate ourselves, or a brain-dead comedy."
"Dude, how the hell do you even think you're getting married?"
What in hell did I think was so magical or fanciful about a little whore who is just a little bit peculiar?
Damn near killed him.
Kelly's not here either. Shit.
"If it wasn't so horrible, I'd fucking laugh."
"Oh, come on, Sister, spit it up."
"To be honest, I think you're being completely illogical and a bit of a nasty elf."
I should have died with them.
Asshole electrician. Bad work. Bad work!
"""For your first hit, my first gun."
We know exactly what's going on in the UK... between you and the ANC thugs professor.
What in the hell is this book I keep hearing about?
The old thief next to him is chairman of the judiciary committee.
Ready to get your ass kicked?
That's the absolute sickest idea I've ever heard.
It’s just a typical cockroach.
"Oh fuck, Stebbi, wait."
They'll kill her.
All I'm saying is I am capable of cleaning up me own shit.
"That's what me and your daddy was talking about, that you had your head up your ass."
This is ridiculous.
She treats me like a slave.
"Oh, sure, it's real easy to sucker punch a man when he has his fists up."
It's like kissing a bloody corpse.
"I repeat, move to code black."
He thought the three of them were now sufficiently controlled not to make any foolish move that would precipitate an immediate riot and a great killing.
"Now, I gave the mayor early warning on this verdict, and he's still sitting on his ass in New Hampshire, thinking he can sit this out and blame me."
Crows everywhere are equally black.
"Well, you know, what I was thinkin', after I turn your ass in and collect my money, I'm gonna open up a nice little coffee shop."
You were dumped fucking months ago.
"So fast, you didn't see me bitch-slap you."
Don't fuck with my beard .
Shit got out of hand. It happens every day.
"It's Anton, fool!"
"Wretched souls, motivated only by base emotions and currently incarcerated for crimes vile even to me."
"Ah, I can't do anything for this gentleman until we cut him out of here."
Damn Nobody left to kill me.
I'll write you a letter for my death folder.
"Wow, look out brainless."
Have you washed your filthy fucking hands? Twice.
Shut up about the money.
His bastard of a father 'il never know.
"Listen, I'm supposed to do this, damn it!"
"He is not a superhero, Mom, he's a murderer."
"I've never hit a woman, but if you start bothering my fiancée, I will kick your ass something serious."
Shall we shoot them? ...an old friend who's informingon you to the FBl...
Get the fuck out!
"It is going to rip away a hamburger-sized chunk of muscle, but Sonny hits it with a fucking hollow-point missile from his Magnum, a bit show-offy for target practice but under the circumstances no more than prudent, thank you very much."
My wife would have killed herself.
"Luke, do you have any idea how insane you sound?"
What the hell did you do that for?
I have to ask him to leave the room before he even damn sits up.
Sissies patrol.
"No, dickhead, of course I could."
"Come on , Childs, burn me."
This isn't God's will; she's sick!
"Oh! Oh, gross."
We hit them first and the rest will be leaderless when you come in from the rear.'
"Do you know how long I've been marchin around in front of that brick slaughterin pen, on days hot enough to fry my butt and nights cold enough to freeze it off?"""
"If left alone, he would probably starve to death."
She is an addict.
"'Ho-lee shit,' Jim Reed says."
Are you saying this is a list of everyone you ever had sex with?
"Behind them, the rats were counting the money again, stacking it in piles beside its leather bag."
So you are ready to murder 4 billion people.
I love the smell of boobies in the morning.
"Damn. - Oh, Kara. Are you okay?"
Look at me and don't try any funny shit.
Pack your shit and go.
You're making it into a cheap sex farce.
"But, Mom, I suck!"
"He could break the glass, and cut his wrists."
"We'll sic the hounds on you, Leezak."
"I mean, who died and made me yo ur fucking slave, man?"
Did you guys know there's actually a disease called ass burgers?
"If she wants to get her ass in to work, I'll be happy to bat that around with her. - Right."
"You know, it's fun the first 599 feet, but it's just the last foot -- total sucko."
They cut his throat.
So they feed him this lunacy about spies and they get him to order the killings.
You want me to be miserable and alone like you?
Meir jerks off for two days.
"Unless normalizing your relationship means you had sex with him, I really don't care."
"Yeah, you'd be ripped apart."
"Damned sloppy, having an alarm system down with the power."
Now you're on yourfuckin' own!
And I hope you don't mind I forged your bloody signature.
"I mean, I'm just doing... you're screwing... you're screwing with me."
None of this shit's going anywhere anyway.
"Because, with that wound, out here, you will die"
"Are you, my esteemed Chief of Security, telling me... .. that a project 20 years and millions ofdollars in the making will be dropped... .. because of this insignificant,impudent old Jew?"
Somebody should find that poor animal and put it out of its misery.
"Shimada...take good care of this crybaby, will you?"
"But for us, you'd be dead."
Play with the balls.
"Shut off your speaker, droid!"
You'd all shoot back.
You gonna love this shit.
"This American Martin Scorsese is a blasphemer, and the Church will permit him no pulpit in France!"""
"Tell Sam I was wrong I think I was wrongl The countdown could be assassinations all over the goddamned place!"""
Just a bunch of hippie freaks.
"So this dog, out of nowhere, just lifts its hind legs up, and puts them in the harness there and just takes a shit while he's running on his front paws."
He'll take a gun from the Germans.
The Boy who actually saw a woman's breast.
"Here's Eileen, my very first fuck."
Think you're gonna walk out the door take that with you leave me here holding the fucking sack?
Don't fucking touch me!
Thought it was a fucking joke
"""Seems pretty close to wanking, now."""
Her face was pasty.
"Oh, eating, drinking, killing Wraith."
"Outside of work, I haven't had sex, mutual masturbation or otherwise since I was twelve."
"Teenager works for Ray Stodds drove up, dumped his body from the truck like he was a bag of garbage."
You kill demons.
You drew first blood. - And you're a head case!
"César calls you ""the beast""."
I will now put on these glasses and try in five attempts... to hit our contestant... with this pick-axe.
"Dropped on this poor bastard who picked the wrong seat, crushing him to death."
I told you not to sell to her! Bitch!
We could have sex again.
"Did you ever ask when you're sniffing around an ass, ""Hey, are you my cousin?"""
And it's gonna burst her pretty skull.
"Well... when I got home, I started taking long walks at night on the beach, and... met some crazy ass surfers..."
"This is Handsome Jack Heartthrob, he's gonna be our corpse for the day."
Are you actually suggesting that I have sex with my 41-year-old son?
She's just gonna use it against Cameron and it's gonna kill him if he loses Emmett.
I don't fuckin' trust these two.
"I just turned 30, and I will be damned if I'm gonna let you...."
I feel stupid.
The filth. - He means the police.
"Like a fool, why did I let you go?"
William Scrope is going to die in a couple of minutes.
"No, no, she's just nuts."
She's a 130-year-old voodoo witch who eats people?
Do you remember the one where the wolf huffed and puffed... and blew the piggies' house down?
"Come on, baby, one shot."
One's a slut!
My father had a crotch dog.
"What the fuck you talking about, FBl?"
"Some scary shit, Terry."
"Well I bet you, I'll beat your ass on the race, rite now"
He threatened me with a machete.
What the hell.
"He'd left his fingerprints in red on the front n back pages, too, and I made up my mind to burn the damned thing before he went to bed so the kids wouldn't see it and wonder what happened."
"I will hunt you down and I will make you pay, you understand?!"
That dog is a nuisance.
Cared more about the junk than he did about his friends... his family.
You don't know what the hell's going on here.
And he's nasty and he's an enemy of the King.
"The romanians didn't know what was in there. But Schlucke, that son of a bitch, knew that the key was in the box."
But it would have been nicer if you would have gotten off your asses -and helped us out there.
"For fuck's sake, kid, stop staring at me."
"Yeah, by applying excessive linguistic pressure, I persuaded her to have sex with me."
"Jesus Christ, this fucking city!"
"And by the way, you're still a nerd."
"""Kill him, then."
Whoa. Why do you give a rat's ass about my husband?
"We spend every minute of our lives in this office fighting with each other over meaningless shit for clients that we don't even know, and then when some real connection comes along, just some little piece of happiness--"
"I am plowing the crap out of this chick around the corner, and now we're gonna have dinner."
I'm going with you. Fuck!
I ain't do shit.
Women and their contraptions!
Antebellum lnsufficiently-Developed Sex organs.
"This shit's locked, too."
"A year ago Gabrielle would never have believed any politician would be stupid enough to store copies of self-incriminating documents, but Washington had taught her a lot."
First impression (most often very right): someone's hooliganism or a stupid joke.
How did they know when to come? - Shoot!
They get together with the Jews and the Catholics and elect an lrish bleeding heart.
"I said, ""Who wants to fucking fight?"""
I received a list of everyone I'd ever had sex with and ever would have sex with.
"Given their lives, I would steal, I'd kill, I'd lie."
You just killed everybody on that boat.
"All right, so, if you're gonna investigate this, how am I gonna pay for shit in the meantime?"
"No, I'm fucking angry, as you should be too."
"Woman? Hold your tongue, Saracen!"
"""What a damn night."
The only choice left... ...is how to die.
Destroyers and usurpers! Curse them!
Get this bitch off of me!
You goddamn guineas really make me laugh.
"I’ll stay and burn the message."""
I don't want those bastards thinking they've won.
Fucking Three Musketeers.
Pigs. An old Palomino named Duke.
"Now he's alone like a dog, and that's what he deserves."
"He keeps fuckin' touchin' me, and I can't take it."
Now we're making a fuckin' movie!
"Now today, I saw ratan kill a girl."
"My dad was a drunk, and he threw me a birthday party every year."
What the hell did you think was gonna happen to him at Lakewood?
And we can't hear shit because of the rain.
"Women who behave like slaves, women who are obsessed with cleaning their kitchens and doing their hair, women who never challenge you in any way, women who exist only to wait on you hand and foot?"
"Aw, screw it, Jenna."
All that money and all these months of work in the trash!
H-H-How the hell you pronounce it?
You guys wanna rent a goddamn wing?
And having sex with her While she slept.
You're a grown ass man.
"Damn it, Bob, I better not be."
"Like, out of twigs and shit."
So now you are Take's fake girlfriend.
Shut everyone up.
That earned me a sharp pinch on my butt from Gideon.
"I don't know, The whole online dating thing is a little too pathetic for me,"
"I... the shelf fell and I... aw, damn it."
Do you think that she... ...had sex with him?
"Mainly, I'd like to know what my inmates are thinking while I... beat the hell out of them."
"""Well, I'll be goddamned,"" Max said, watching the cricket biot disappear down the corridor behind the hut."
"Take your money, and piss off, you pair of wankers."
You think I got this job because I fucked some fat-cat friend of Raymond's.
"No, listen to me, damn it!"
You and I used to watch porn together all the time.
Or maybe all that unprotected sex put you here
"I think you mean ""bet loser."""
We're only on the ground four seconds and she's coming on like the fucking mayor's wife.
It was unthinkable that I could win her with this awful face and grotesque body.
"Mexicans, sir. The ones who assaulted Brown and Helenowski."
"Nestor was still confused, but he didn't want to look foolish before his hero."
You guys think this is so disgusting.
"But if we see or hear anything that we can find useful, you can't stop us. They don't have shit."
Now would be a good time for you to get on your bike and take your ass home.
"Why the fuck didn't you send a plane to get us, Cat? Huh?"
I'm gonna find me a nurse that actually has a brain.
That's the only fucking thing I'm gonna take with me from this place.
"Because, no matter how dumb Beasly might be, he did a lot of work and took a lot of nagging and there wasn't anyone else in town who would work for Abbie Horton."
He'll leap into your gullet and sing a chantey as he goes down.
You want to talk about shooting a man's horse? Whop! Come on!
"I can deal with his impotence, I cannot deal with your incompetence! What the fuck?"
"JIM: No, damn it! No!"
"Damn it. Ted, I've been Skee-Ball champ here since law school."
"We made a video of ourselves having sex for about three hours, and it was amazing, right?"
"""God damnit, Bones, Spock is dying!"""
Maybe... I need to look at another face... even as ugly as yours.
What are you doing opening your mouth in my kitchen?
"If the next thing out of your mouth isn't the code, I will cover this room with your blood."
How long has it been since you've had sex?
Where? -You can't kill me.
"Where the hell is your intensity, Tony?"
"I'm goin' to cut maself a slice of de white girl."""
"You're wearing the same shit from three years ago. Jake ain't lying, though."
Search the world for these... These faith healers and crooks...
But where the fuck was it now?
But the thing is: the guy I want to nail murdered a loving mother and wife.
"""That's ridiculous,"" she said."
"Oh, come on! I'm sorry, you suck..."
I can give you an amputation.
Don't move and show me your fuckin' hands right now.
"For the first time she could remember, her breasts didn't hurt from Billy's attention."
"The loggers from the upper valleys were arrogant men, and argumentative."
When the Monster reaches seventy he will die
"""Piece of garbage""?"
"Now, language can be beautiful. “And Madeline asleep in lap of legends old”, plenitude, dishes, martita, breasts, tumble, emolument, forage, smitten, plenum, vulva."
"A day on the cross, a weekend in hell and all the hallelujahs of the legioned angels for eternity."
Damn! How long's it gonna be?
"There's gotta be a way to wipe it out, goddamn it. There's gotta be a way."
The renegades are all dying like flies.
Yeah? Then show me those damn synthetic souls.
You managed to un-fuck up the situation you originally fucked up. Thanks.
You break your ass for the white man!
You don't know what the fuck went on out there.
"Since I'm the youngest, and on vacaion, - I was stuck with this shit."
What's that Bebop shit?
"I'll do what you want, except go back to Sam's pack and be the pathetic ex-girlfriend he can't get away from."
"Colonel John Rico, for incompetence of command... ... assault on a superior officer, and willful negligence... ... resulting in the deaths of several soldiers under your command... ... you are sentenced to hang by the neck until you are dead."
Lock everyone in the basement. Burn it all down.
"Nice going, Captain Loser."
"Now, if we don't do something about it, we're both gonna die. Okay?"
"No, I don't think so. Coward."
"Listen to me, damn it!"
"Tammy, this is stupid."
I'm afraid I'm gonna think about it every time I look at your crotch.
I sometimes don't talk to another living soul for fucking days.
Their three known operations went down smooth as a baby's ass.
"It stinks again, darling."
You fucking hid it?
"Zemo is an evil man, Simon Williams."
"Man, if it was me... ...I'd be fucking with people, whispering in ears."
Try having everyone think you're a killer.
You goddamn right!
"Up and down, side to side, whatever the fuck you want, right?"
"Vor stared for a moment at his own reflection in the familiar mirrored face, remembering some of the stupid jokes his friend had told and the innovative military games they had played together."
I have an issue with that Latino!
I think that Cash and his friends will want to oderat skin that who has ordered the murder of solos.
"And she will find her mother, but she will be splattered all over the window and the fucking dashboard and the steering wheel."
Steven loves sluts!
"The other kind, the murderers."
I'm the ghost of Christmas-suck-it!
"And believe this, there are traitors among us."
"Marry milo, and kill neal."
Bird shit?
Father and son will kill each other?
To kill Mr. Babcock.
"Yeah, being chief resident sucks."
You see the First War didn't change nothing for the Negro.
Yeah I gotta call my fucking gal
You think you can fuck my women?
"London is our Empire's heart but the East End, its arsehole."
But you can't go from me to a slut.
"You said it yourself, bitch."
"Relax a bit oryour brain will blow up, honey"
Get off me!
Why would you put up bars on all these windows... have a high- tech door lock in this shit hole of a place?
Says give this poor bastard what he's got coming. Authentic?
"Lee, what the hell is goin' on?"
"Me, all night, dreaming about Angela's smoking hot body."
Then why the hell are you on this boat?
May I point out the chimney in the front room of Baker Street... Is to the need of a damn good sweeping out.
You take everything so damn seriously.
"Lf I kiss you, do you think they'il shoot me?"
You've got eight people singing Happy Birthday and nobody can bring my wife a damn salad.
I can grow the balls.
Sergeant Colon surveyed the butts.
I've got a mole to exterminate.
"Hey come on, youwere sick."
"One night, uh, they cleared us all out of that damn pen."
I'll let him know you came by. Shit.
Cole shocked fans-- Damn it!
I love her so much that I'm not beating your fucking head against the ground right now because she asked me not to.
We wished for each other's lives when we were pissing in that fucking fountain last night.
"Well, let's go toss him."
I'm glad my dad smashed a ball into this guy's sternum.
Now hit me.
FOREMAN: We'll use a small drill to get inside his skull. OBYEDKOV:
"Yeah, this all sounds like total crap."
Suck it up and tell Dad.
"A good way to sit is with your legs folded, a pillow under your buttocks, your back straight, your hands nestled in the lap and the eyes closed."
"Boy, you're an oaf."
What the hell isgong on here?!
"I'm up here to clean up your mess, and you're gonna fucking help me, or the whole world is gonna come down on your head. All right!"
She should be dead.
"You're right, it is a dump."
Arrest them if you have to.
Shoot!
You need to inject me.
You prissy little schoolgirl.
You tell me to get a job like I'm a fucking nobody.
Fucking's a sin!
"I don't fucking know, either."
"I know I done things that can't be forgiven, but just remember, I will kill or die for you any day of the week."
"My brother was working on the pyrotechnics all day, it's gonna kick butt."
"""Shit, I should never have told my wife!"""
You quit talking like you know this fucking guy.
I hate when you clear your throat like that.
"Aw, shit."
It's just a bunch of puppets.
"Fuck me, Alex!"
Disgrace you.
"We need to convey calm. These people are relying on us, okay? So stop this shit right now."
"To me, George Michael is a shit singer."
Who the hell are these people Eben?
I'll listen to you... ...I'll study hard... ...l won't bullshit... ...l won't fight... ...and one day I'll be a really useful person.
Your behavior is disgraceful.
Look at this shit.
"Some asshole thought it would be a good idea to have this meeting... ...at Joe Barbara's farm, up in the country, nice and quiet."
Can't you make your woman shut up?
We have just been shat out onto a huge pool of piss with all the other long-term unemployable.
For God's sake! What the hell are you doing out here?
You go home. Kiss your wife. Eat your baby's Fruit Loops and shit.
I always thought things like these would kill me.
You wanna fuck anyway?
That scoundrel has been pocket-picketing people around here for weeks.
"That poor, poor man. Used as a puppet."
"He says he won't make a fool out of himself, and he won't go into court without a witness."
"The bite still hurts like a bitch, but everything else is better."
Make him dead!
"""Damn it!"""
"You can bet these fucking slumlords will be around to collect the fire insurance later on, after the ashes cool and they rake out what’s left of the bodies!"
"Look, every one of you hates every one of us, and we hate you right back."
"Damn it, I can't."
Why are you always giving me shit?
How ill white hairs become a fool and jester.
Maybe you're not even an actual faggot.
How the hell do you get over there?
June is a cripple...
Should I shave my balls?
That baby smells like shit.
And who's the one who's planning the baby shower and taking Meg to the gyno and all that shit?
Where's my puss-?
The fucking light!
"At first my men took turns shooting them in the head, but there were so many."
Have we just killed him?
"The Pinkerton is hurt, Potter is no good, that railroad man is dead weight, and that other bastard..."
Killed herself.
To hell with the bloody plan.
She said that you were a... ..hunk of burning... something or other.
"Look, there ain't no more damn guns."
Don't say another fuckin' word.
"No, I don't do that shit."
"""Grab your balls, sir."
I'm supposed to believe that shit?
Or you watch your kid die.
Ignore the dick.
How could you have fucked this up?
"What are you, A fucking park ranger now?"
We're supposed to eat this garbage?
"Presidential assassins, terrorists... didn't matter."
Shit. (LAUGH S)... ...52 seconds.
Now these bastards will ruin everything.
O2 stat's 85. He's hypoxic!
"I'm not fucking around with you right now, you understand me?"
"Must've kicked my ass while I was sleeping, too."
Give the fuckir milk.
Now let's go do that thing you said That I can't remember because I was thinking about my hair. Kill him!
No one has. It's the fucking West!
"Well, how many hours did you work, bitch?"
Then I'd know why God sent us this tornado. Damn.
Murdered painter.
Take that shit to the dry cleaners.
She just got hit in the face.
Madre Magda told me to die.
I'm on a shit pile now.
I advise that this place be shut up at once.
"You give me four balls, I'll rip all four corners with Reed in goal."
"Have you ever met a black man with a name like that? No, you haven't."
"You're a real fucking smart ass, you know that?"
Or are you ready for another fucking swim?
"Then I would hang you from a wall and say to passers by, ""Look, my best work."""
Carla Mendez was a drug mule.
"No, he just walked over there real slow ... ... because he was drunk ... ... and shot him through the liver."
You're crazy. You will write a book about WWII and receive a great award.
It'll never fucking end!
"This is all over the damn Internet, Viv."
I might have misplaced during my drinking days... does not mean if I find a bottle... that I'm going to fucking drink it.
Jews who stuck up their noses at us.
"Would not the tracking soldiers have found you in the forest, in spite of your pathetic attempts to throw them off the scent?"
Except for the ratty stache and the pork chops you're pretty clean-shaven for a kid who lives in a trash can.
No go. We're really trapped. Fuck.
"""Sometime, someplace, you'll be hanged for your crimes, for all the murders you've ordered of those who stood in your way."
"So, the big lover is a small time crook, huh?"
What the fuck's taking them so long?
"A giant Goth hurled himself at Albinus, only to find his wild cut neatly blocked and a gladius slicing into his neck."
He looked at Krendler as though the left and right hemispheres of Krendler's brain were two dogs stuck together.
Are you really gonna commit suicide for her?
"Then, they've already won. Fuck!"
"Dude, fuck, there's a lady in there!"
"'Looked at him carefully, have you?' said the old witch."
I was a fool.
' The fat little Patriarch thought it over.
. . .from the crotch to the knee.
Silly! Buy your own ring!
Pigs Transport by rail and by road All pigs must at least be able to lie down and stand up in their natural position.
"Well, where’d you shoot her?"
and it's just this total fucking horror.
"Well, fool me once, shame on you."
You've made a murderer of me.
"Women betakin' aerobics, and they'il fuck you up now !"
"""'and a black mamba can kill you. But only with the mamba, ""and this has been true in Africa since the dawn of time, is death sure. '"
I ain't got time for this shit.
"He's testing you, d'Artagnan. Shut up."
"Τhey got a line and if you cross it, they fuck you up."
"Writing's fucking hard, wunderkind or not."
"If he ever shows up, I'll run him over with this car!"
The people who want to see you go down and the people who don't give a crap about you.
You cannot go out with that decrepit old man.
What the fuck's that?
Like fuck! thought Darcy.
I'm gonna puke.
I'll show you the damn grave.
"""You're a creep,"" shouted another."
I can't just toss around photos and DVDs and expect that shit's gonna land.
"“I was telling Jacobi, the Chu fire looks like the work of the same sick asshole who set the others,” Hanni said."
In the head
"If the atmosphere mix isn't right, we'il kill him as soon as we crack that suit."
He said you were cursed.
"Damn, whom else could he trust with this?"
"We're getting married, - No shit,"
"""And no one knows you're staying here?"" asked Sanders, who was no fool."
When I was 9 I had my first... - erection to a Kandinsky.
"Jim, I got my ass chewed out because one of your orders got messed up."
"But you know, um, even if it's not ridiculous, that would be okay."
I didn't like it when other people said it... but it was OKwhen Gabe called me Puss or Puss-Puss... or Pussy.
Give me the fuckin' money.
He spat full in my litso and then wiped his wet spitty rot with the back of his rooker.
The sultry bitch with the fire in her eyes.
He was painted up white like some kind of dead whore.
"Damn, you're alive."
"You ain't a pussyhole, are you?"
You damn right it's a police matter!
Hurt you and I want to find out who that was.
Why the fuck didn't you bring him to the police today?
I realise more and more every day how overqualified I am for this position and how incompetent you are at yours.
"I believed my maker, Godric, was such a vampire, but he was weak."
"Jerry fucking Springer, man."
I think it's a fuckin' disgrace.
"They screwed up, Erin!"
"Fuck you, forget it."
Maybe he went in there by mistake. Bullshit.
Look at that poor jerk.
And don't go playing that fucking radio either.
The whole thing might have been very romantic... ...if Simon hadn't peed in his pants.
And I didn't kill you till now because... I wanted you to remember why you were being killed!
"If anyone hears about this, I will hunt you down like a henhouse fox."
"I don't know how the new one will be,.. ..but'll never be worse than that freak there with his tape recorder."
"Damn it, Al, I don't care what you've got going on tonight."
"It's a goddamn crime, and I am going to forget precisely nothing..."
"He felt the ball crease his neck and he lunged up on deck, his face stung by the gunpowder, the palliasse a pathetic shield."
"Shit, I told my mother we'd have him there in an hour."
"Wait a minute, what do you care about seeing naked chicks anyway?"
"But when I walked up the stairs, I saw all the old friends, all the smiles. Goddamn, if it didn't feel good to be home."
Shithole?
"What the hell are you doing, Larkin?"
"Get your shit together, Carol!"
"Everyone hates those fags, right?"
"All you'll have is a dead, red dork."
"If I really killed him, would I come and see you?"
Without doubt... the most asinine piece of human behavior.
He could sure use a shot of testosterone.
You could have killed us all again!
"I know it won't change anything, but I regretted having you killed."
"And now, they're having sex."
"He'd pick his victim, kidnap and kill them. Then move on to another school."
What the hell is this?
I totally fucked up.
You look insane.
We have to get rid of them!
Only a matter of time before you fuck up again.
"""You think I have reverted, like that pathetic Stenosss Moki, don't you, Pilot?"""
What the fuck do you want?
"But I don't mean the criminal underworld, the miserable cosa nostra with its Sicilian pride and empty code of honor."
"lp Man, knock him down in 3 punches."
Damn it!
Fuck! This is yours and...
"Shut up, you don't have kids."
This poor green pup thought that the way to a woman's heart was by blowing shit up.
You have to punch it a few times.
You must not be an ingrate.
Did you ever fuck a mutant?
I don't fucking care!
And if you do somethin' like fuck up today's prints-- I haven't fucked up a customer's prints in 11 years.
"I mean, that blood spell -- some serious crap, man."
Poor bastard ain't got no tongue.
And a human hitch-hiking parasite that shoots sharp sticks!
"You felt ""connected."" Shit."
You never pack money in your client's house unless it's a fucking emergency.
Throw him in.
"Good morning, you mongrels!"
We were in the middle of sex... ...and you fell asleep.
"Doctor, I'm so miserable. If you only knew!"
"Fool, come here."
Philadelphia Phil some more shit tonight?
"Dick theodopolis. Welcome, dick theodopolis!"
Damn. 621
"Bastard! - It's locked, we can not open it."
"Okay, look, I can have a dozen agents here in 20 minutes, and they'll shred this white trash shit hole."
And I kind of love that you're gay.
A lot of them are miserable.
This is fucking madness.
Your stepdad's a bad seed.
I'd cut my father's ass if we were losing like this.
"Shut up. Let's just forget it, yeah?"
Stole my pelts.
Crawl. Crawl like dog!
Shut up -- Do you know what would happen if they heard you?
"Damn, so..."
"Hey, why don't us trash go get some drinks and cool down!"
Let me tell you nine out of ten serial killers are white males age 20 to 35 just like these.
I'm seriously hurt. Shit.
"Hey, fancy vest... go ahead and pull that rifle if you want to, but you better speak to your boss before you use it, 'cause he'll be dead before I hit the ground."
"With a rope round his neck, his face all purple, dangling there in mid-air; one bolt skewering him through the chest, and another deep in his spine."
Terminal execution
"You're fucking with me, aren't you?"
"“Now that they know I have stones, they might try to slit our throats."
"You know, I distracted myself with ridiculous things, youth, parties, lingerie."
I thought she was better than those bunch of morons she hung with.
"You, sir, can make out with my girlfriend any time you want."
"Well, you may not be a cartoonist anymore, but you are a local hero for defending our beer, and apparently, that's more important than hating women."
"My cholesterol sucks, and my doctor says I need to do more cardio."
You like getting beat up?
"In his statement, he says… he raped her, then left."
"Albans, there would be that wretched couple, kissing under the Abbey walls."
He negotiates with a whore and a dwarf at his side.
Shut up so we can concentrate. Ohh.
"I will replace you and your whole fucking crew, with 3 phone calls."
Fork you!
I want every bloody one of them to hear.
British women are taking me hostage.
What the fuck's going on around here?
I'd cut off 3 fingers if God would let me fuck her.
"Don't try to implicate me in your sick fantasies, okay?"
He stinks like the inside of a tauntaun.
You know the fucking SheBar girls?
He's a notorious gambler.
Bribe the devil for a trip to hell?
"That was a good skirt, and I hate hemming the damned things, anyway."
The... the treatments hurt more than putting the darn thing on.
"I want you more than anything in the world, pussycat."
What the hell? Why tell everyone we went to a gay bar?
"You're like a hungry woman lying on the prowl, but you listen to things, and you smell everything."
"I told him all the shit about me, and he keeps coming back."
"""My wife might have been into that shit, but I wasn't."""
Shit. Just what I need.
"I got to say, if somebody tracked down this old Nazi and killed him..."
Take these two lizards out and drown them.
The only way to save the President is to shoot me.
All I want to do is pull your panties Ali!
No fucking way am I going back.
I think we died on the way to the airport and we're stuck in hell.
You beat the crap out of her.
"It was foolish of me, and yet I couldn't help it."
And we cannot let him throw his life away for that vicious woman.
"Since I left, Net Force has trouble finding its ass with both hands.”"
I think you should know the chief is totally crazed.
Two of your boys are already dead.
I'm too old for this crap.
"So, did he just smack the ass or did he grab and hold on to it?"
You're a witch.!
I'd rather have a knife in my body than your hand on me.
"Well, how do you like screwing with your monkey now, huh?"
"So when he didn’t move fast enough, a burly servant in powder-blue livery crushed him out of the way and sent him tumbling across the pavement so that his “good” leg plunged knee-deep in a gutter filled with stagnating shit."
Can't hear shit!
"They looked miserable, a state that seemed more or less permanent with them these days."
"That's pathetic, Kev."
Goddamn it. I knew it.
Goddamn car accident.
You're gonna get it this time. - He had his indicator on. - Shut up!
You wanna charge in... ...with one little pig-sticker?
Give a lunatic a paintball gun and you'd expect a Jackson Pollock
You're drinking too damn much.
"Not a military issue pin, witches, for the use of."
"We're gonna get to the nearest port, get the fuck out of Britain."
"Because it's juvenile to say ""Poo,"" you big poo."
"Pretty girls bring out the beast in him, you see."
You're gonna need more than rumors... and trash talk to get to me.
"Look... Get off me, man!"
"I don't usually do this, but you look like cool guys, and I got a piece of ass last night so I'm feeling generous."
Apathetic or renegade - make your choice.
"I've gotten so crazy over Dean that all his stupid friends call me ""Carlo in Wonderland""."
Had you then your prickle pig helmet on?
I love daddy Dick.
You got the fucking money?
Somebody used her and then killed her
What's the big deal? You told Lucy he was a pathetic mess.
The janitor's going to eat the puke.
"Shit, where is it?"
"He has the makings of either a total loser or a successful entrepreneur, or maybe one of those guys who will oscillate between those two poles."
Then what the fuck you doing here?
"Come on, don't waste your time explaining that garbage."
"Raoul, you better get your ass back on that roof."
You're gonna be singing for Saint Peter if you don't get your ass out of here now.
"You'll be dead or homeschooled by the end of the year, anyway."
My semen is going to go to my head?
We'il see who fucks who.
Both of us are gonna be fucked if you say anything to anybody.
Suddenly the mad dog... stuck his head round the mountain.
I'm not going back to Prescott. And when Knox find out where you are. She will use your actual life to destroy you.
'Me?' said a small fat soldier.
"Now, my niggers is returned to me."
Driving a sane person to suicide using pills and sleep-deprivation.
"Her own President Warnecke (and wasn't that a modest name), Willis, Hendrickson, and Jarmon (named for the three systems of the Chalice, which anyone but an idiot knew they'd never see again) represented a full third of Andre Warnecke's ""navy."""
"The miserable companion of thieves and ruffians, the fallen outcast of low haunts, the associate of the scourings of the jails and hulks, living within the shadow of the gallows itself, --- even this degraded being felt too proud to betray a feeble gleam of the womanly feeling which she thought a weakness, but which alone connected her with that humanity, of which her wasting life had obliterated so many, many traces when a very child."
How the hell did you get in here?
"How much money you got in there, cunt?"
"You know, most guys don't just forget About the time they had sex in a public pool."
"Apparently he was a real slack-ass, so..."
So if I flip it and tag your husband my reputation will be shot.
We're in the middle of fuckin' nowhere.
Nothing makes me erect faster than a girl's... these are holes.
You've got much more fat
Jack heard the splash just as he was sitting down on the shit-stained bench where he would row until he died.
"You wanna make that rendezvous with your rebel Skitters, I suggest you suck it up -- and fast."
"You got 30 cops, you got feds, a fucking helicopter, you got my fucking partner part time."
"Yet she tried hard to scorn him, because he would not see in her the princess but only the swine-girl."
"I'll just wait here, eating vomit off your shirt."
High-maintenance women are more trouble than they're worth.
He's the worst of them.
Who wants this shit?
"Not only did you leave us high and dry, but there are people here who give a shit about you."
“Do a good job today and I’ll fix you up with the best and most famous piece of ass in Hollywood.”
Aren't Koreans always full of lies?
"I hate their bunch ... wearing Spring Blades bestowed by His Majesty, but always with innocent blood on their hands."
Enough to kill a dozen people.
"I was just being silly, Ms Mazumdar."
"Professor, we have a problem, should I give her an injection?"
It's a freakin' ghost town!
The female inserts her ovipositor into the male's brood pouch.
"Crap man, nobody is there!"
Don't fucking touch it.
"I knew you were mentally ill before we were married but I thought, as a trained professional, I could help you."
I should have my fuckin' head examined going ahead when I wasn't 100%.
"Hell, Christian! What’s this?"
"Listen! This has no importance because I was raped, not you!"
"You know, I thought he was a loser Before he started dating Haddie."
Where would I find such a loser?
You mustn't worry about those filthy peasant rags which you were no doubt forced to don.
You've been booking privates behind my back?
Will you pluck your sword out of his pilcher by the ears?
You need to drink some deputy blood.
"With this special, we will assimilate this younger generation's culture into ours, make them appreciate real entertainment, damn it!"
They will destroy this place.
"You may be fast, strong and all that other bullshit, but in the end, B... ...you're just too human."
"God, it's so fucking cold in here."
The wire that's red will make us dead.
I'm going to let you go out in that filthy jacket.
We're cop killers.
Get the fuck out of here!
"You really think I'm a loser, don't you?"
I should've made this motherfucker sergeant.
He can swim his ass off that island and get some.
"You wouldn't lie to me about that shit, would you?"
"I can work with an hour. - I mean, a real hour, not one of your ""Let's stretch this out till two a.m., you might as well stay and have sex"" hours."
Winner moves on.Loser is out.
"What, man? Why you fucking with me?"
"Look atthe silly girl, she's crying!"
And weak!
Tell me what happened. What the fuck happened to you?
I fucked up my hand.
"You know they questioned me over that bastard that got shot, Ashley Cowgill?"
"If he's out, screw the kid."
Life's too short for this shit.
They must be destroyed.
Open fire!
She is very poisonous.
"Hey, screw this man, if they're not keepin' us here, let's just ask for some food and be on our way."
A Jew butcher.
I'm a pimp.
This shit ain't good.
"Hey, what the hell-?"
"Sweets, could she kill him?"
I've never seen such fat animals in my life.
"Disappointing, from you who I thought to regale with details of the myths gods fornicating with mortals, the endless incest, fathers upon daughters upon sisters"
"Murdered at random, yes."
"Wait, doesn't she have sex with, like, 10 guys every day at the whorehouse?"
Let him hurl.
It looks like the little lunatic got her wish.
"Quit fucking around, I'm not walking home."
"Where did you find him, clown school?"
Can you think how it feel inside your heart... ...if I bomb your daughter?
"We got a little shit-faced and you only remember half of it, But you were so good."
You really think I would leave my hashtag all over someone's house after I killed them?
"You let me take my shirt off, you fucking creep!"
You fucking wake up like any other day.
I can't bring myself to trust these pagans.
"They deal in drugs, prostitution, gambling, slave trafficking, real estate extortion, and just about everything else."
"Ahh, absent Tullius and the Magistrate to bear witness, what's the fucking purpose?"
But the damn strap on his goggles snapped.
He'il die unless we find out what happened in that air lock.
"But we still have a murdering drug dealer out there, so, with you or without you, I'm going to nail him."
"Moist arms, quivering breasts and dark red nipples full and solid under him."
Jimmy Page is probably one of the finest guitar players alive... and Prince is great for having sex.
Or should we just shoot ourselves now?
I loathe you.
So... makes for a long list of people who'd want him dead.
damned weather
Shred him!
"You want to stop me, shoot me."
"Stand back, kid, you don'twanna get mauled and eaten."
Which means now her pussy's probably really tight because no one's ever been in there.
"Your navel is a bowl, well-rounded with no lack of wine. Your belly, a heap of wheat surrounded with lilies. Your breasts... ...clusters of grapes."
We were having sex when you called.
When she's not punching me in the face.
"An expression of naked hatred settled upon the young woman's face; her beauty became a cruel thing, black and twisted and murderous to behold."
"Sitting in that jail, I near about done rot to death."
"The sky lit up, you got your head down, ran like the clappers and hoped some other poor bastard got it, not you."
Who the fuck is the other man?
It's so fucking hot.
They're fast and they're fucking stronger than you know.
We'll never get rid of the damn thing now.
He twisted his head and bit her then and tasted blood.
She wrapped up her damn cat.
"Hell, yeah. She beat a woman senseless in our bathroom yesterday. - What?"
"Get off, bear."
I'll just dump 'em at my mom's.
Well... My driver kept getting in my face like a little brat...
One more quarter... we'll be able to put together enough votes to have a proxy battle and ... install his own... damn Board.
"Get him back! Arthur, for fuck's sake!"
"""Sometimes he manifests himself as an oak tree, or half a man and half a goat, but mainly I see him in his aspect as a bloody nuisance."
Do you think she'll have sex with us?
How long have you fucked him?
"After shooting him, you took his briefcase."
Stay the hell away from here.
"The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went down on one knee."
"Hunt them, track them, and bring them home alive."
It more easily forms words to see you and Batiatus executed for your crimes.
But it doesn't suck half as much as having a drunk fool slam your head against a wall!
"You fucked up, and I'm wearing it."
What about my wretched wife?
Keep shooting!
Who gives a shit?
The whole fucking bottle?
"Shit Frank, can't you come by?"
I bet she's the narc.
Punch it!
Get your shit together before it's too late !
And we're gonna shut this place down like East fucking Berlin... ...until somebody gives it up.
Poor bastard!”
"I mean, he's a disaster."
"Well, maybe I'm in the minority here, but I just don't think there's anything sick and wrong about a little fucking and punching between consenting adults."
Mr. Barker flew to Thailand on the company account to have sex with an eleven-year-old boy.
I am the Earth Mother and you are all flops.
"I destroy Melkins when I find them, and on that Great Day of which prophets speak but in which they do not truly believe, on that day when the world is completely cleansed of evil, then I, too, will go down into darkness, swallowing curses."
Get the hell out of here!
"I've got vodka, fucking Tequilles O'Neals."
Cheetahs are used to eating gazelles and shit. They're not known for eating humans.
You're damn right I'm obsessing.
"You couldn't just lie there and let him shoot his squirt, could you?"
"Shut your mouth, she is my sister-in-law."
Why do you fuckin treat me like that ?
That shitty song you've been listening to for the last four days?
Then hang him out to dry.
That's why you screamed at Mom every fucking night.
And that horrible woman's coming by to deliver the groom's cake in about an-- Where's your father?
Hold it. You can't give this thug a job.
"If you hear a bang from that closet, it's me, exploding."
"I wonder if Eddie — As Mia took her away for the last time, tearing her free from her thoughts and sending her a-tumble into the dark, Susannah realized how completely the needy, terrible bitch had possessed her life."
"Take back your filthy bauble, sir."
It was a foolish fancy. Nothing...
Now it's dark. Hit me.
That's fucking amazing.
I think she's so desperate and insecure that she'll sooner or later .. go around fucking everybody.
I wanna hit something that can't fucking move!
Shit I know is all dead.
I want you to know who will kill you. and why you died.
"Nice timing, assholes."
"I mean, this jeremy guy's not a friggin' ghost. Where the hell could he be?"
"You tell my loyal band of merry fucking men, I will handle this!"
"Tonight, you'll learn to be an animal... ...to live like an animal and to die like one."
"JAMAL: Tell them they either lower their bids or we accept one, let them build it, then nationalize it and toss them out on their ass."
Just one more murder.
What the hell are you doing in here?
"I mean, he's a complete loser."
What the hell you grinning about?
Then you'll die... with the humans.
Tortured by pigmies.
Attack them as quickly as possible with as much force as you can bring to bear.
"If we burn them out, they'll have nowhere to hide."
That's what the cops called him - animal.
"Ring me, eh, you lump!"
First motherfucking thing they did...
She gave you the old blow job right then and there on the deck?
"We're like a poorly-knitted sweater, Burt. Pull one thread, and you're standing in front of a whole town in nothing but your custom bra that makes your uneven boobs look normal."
It's my fault that the people want your head.
Then I had to track your ass down through the city.
"Open your mouth again, and I stab you."
Drop the fucking gun.
This is a direct order and I want you to execute it.
The feeling that someday they will pass that foolish law... or onejust like it and come for you... and your children?
"""Gay shifted twice to avoid shrapnel, or we would be down now."
"Thin face, thin body, stringy."
He's no bloody american.
"""Different chemistry be damned."
Didn't she kill a guy awhile back?
"So you admit that you were alive, you old crone."
I'll go back ten seconds Till when I was on the roof! Rats.
Remake-- still scary as shit.
It sucks for my ego.
You can't just go shooting people like that.
We're going to take out your baby now.
"Man, we didn't get through all this together... just for you to end up like one of these AWOL shitbags."
"If none of you speaks, I'll kill you all."
We're fucking crazy!
"Well, go then. Enjoy. You touch her, I will cut your cheeks with a straight razor."
The dwarf blinked stupidly.
Don't ever touch me.
"He crawls to them, picks them up, and begins trying to stick them into the little pile of foolscap."
Why the hell are you glowing?
How the hell did you grow up without reading Hansel and Gretel?
I need a father who's a role model. Not some horny geek-boy who's gonna spray his shorts whenever I bring a girlfriend home from school.
"Shit, yeah. if I'd have known he was up for bribes, I'd have put my two dollars down."
(HE WHISPERS) Let's beat him before his whore.
"And the only reason I joined is because I woke up alone in a Pittsburgh hotel room with no clothes and the word ""Slut"" written on the bathroom mirror in my own handwriting."
"If you want a bitch, look somewhere else."
I hope he gets his head busted.
"If they're not gossipin' about you, you might as well be dead."
You'd have gone to the cops and we'd all be dead.
This stuff tastes like crap.
You need to bury yourself!
I would see them dead.
I don't care a damn!
You people are rednecks. I'm enjoying this shit.
I'd break his balls when he tried not to have a drink or a little taste of snow.
"She sat down on the high stool by the counter, found the sliver of whetstone in its small aluminium dish, and began to scrub it along the gleaming edge of the blade with the apathetic, fixated attention of the damned."
Wipe them out!
"Oh, shit."
Did it look ridiculous when we got the Satanimals pack... ...and I dressed up as a Beelzebobcat?
You gotta be shittin' me.
The only reason I know any of this shit is because I've been snooping around.
Who the fuck says that to a couple of parents?
Now you know all around the world there are museums for all sorts of silly things.
"Butyou, he knows this is your only shot. You've been waitin' 18 fuckin' years."
Qantaqa returned from an investigatory tour of her new territory to curl up on Simon's shins.
What the hell is an aluminum falcon?
She's an un-sanctified charlatan.
Have you had sex with her?
"Damn, you're a player!"
Maybe you should do what your fucking brother did and get it over with!
"Oh, darn, I'm gonna be late for school."
Perhaps you could slap Mr Parish smartly across the face with a glove.
"You moron, thought I'm an old man with no plan?"
"More than that, you mix your witch with our voodoo... and even the Supreme won't be able to touch you."
That's your fucking job.
And got kicked up the arse by everyone in town.
That's Fool's companion.
"You know how close you idiots came to that woman losing her tongue, to her never speaking again?Oh,yeah, you were a couple of cowboys in there,telling yourselves you can do this, acting like the big boys."
I thought he cut off his ear because he sucked.
I'm the best fucking driver on the planet.
"The smiling and making me feel ridiculous, like you're my mom and I'm going to prom."
"Teenaged guys in high school are only interested in one thing, and that's sex."
"Hey, I'm here cause I'm an American. You’re a Pollack."
What the fuck?
Hollywood miserable.
How the hell do you think you will ever get me across a border?
Another thing. Old Man Malcolm... ...l guarantee he don't know jack-shit about what his nephew did.
For two days and two fuckin` nights we beat the shit outta this guy.
"If I finally get a damn heart, I'll let you eat ice cream off it."
Cancer doesn't know what the hell it's doing.
"They hire hit men, not little girls."
"While J.J. had exhibited some sucking capabilities, she had refused to suck on the cold, hard tube."
"He's saving it for his wedding day! - Well, what if I am, damn it?"
"He was obviously in misery, his stiff body twisted like an old gnarled tree."
"I said I'd get everybody out and, goddamn it, I'll do it!"
"If he starts banging Aunt Donna, we're gonna have the garbage pail cousin in the mix."
"Hell, after all this time, I'd even take an ugly one, assuming she came with a paper bag."
give me a kiss you're bad
"You mean, where they suck the fat out?"
They fucking got him!
"Shit Is that like, for calligraphy?"
This is idiotic!
"There's a good toy down there, and he's gonna be blown to bits in a few minutes. All because of me."
"Ridiculous, you're staying here, it's too dangerous."
You think this is a fuckin' costume?
I bet you never thought your ass would be worth all that.
I'm gonna show her my fucking room.
Why don't you fuck off to Africa and teach HIV awareness to the lions?
"Shit, it's empty!"
We're getting the hell out of here and away from those goddam things!
Freaks!
"It's always just when you think you got it figured out, when, bingo, something comes along and knocks you right on your ass."
"'Damn all druids!' said Cambil, his broad face flushed and angry."
You coward! Why didn't you do it yourself?
Did you eat that missing dick?
You willing to have two murders on your head?
Just for a picture of some crappy celebrity?
(SIGHS) I'm so fucking tired of being sick.
"Now, get the fuck outta here."
That punk-ass nigga ain't talked about shit else but the club.
I love that shit.
"""I don't know about you bastards, but I'm so hungry I've got cramps."
"Yesterday, we fucked up bad."
To illustrate the undebatable fact that masturbation is an entirely normal and healthy practice: it is performed by all members of the animal kingdom.
"You are the protectors, whoever seeks protection away from you is a fool...and the army and the police are hearing me,” said Egypt’s president-elect, Mohamed Morsi, to hundreds of thousands in Tahrir Square."
"You came home, and I partied my little ass off up and down the coast. Mm."
"Foolish we were, to believe Bane's capture was without purpose."
"Shoot him, Reg!"
"She said to me, ""Don't call yourself Itsuki."" ""Why don't you try 'trash.'"""
Get off him.
Don't ever touch me.
You're spitting your blood at me!
"That crazy tralk really knew where to hit us, didn't she?"
"The snarling assassin spun with Drizzt, sending his dirk in a wide-flying hook."
So tell me! What the fuck does it have to do with mutilation homicide?!
We may be hauling suitcases across the border. We're screwed.
I hadn't learn that you suppose to cry when your mother is executed.
"No, I just thought if you needed me- - Do I look stupid?"
And don't eat so much unless you want to die a virgin.
You get off me!
"Make love to me, monkey man."
Not military. Which is why he's gonna tell us what the fuck is going on.
"Boomer, this is Wall-Eye. I got two-Alpha-four –snake and nape on the ready! –Oh, Jesus! Holy shit!"
You know how much I love balls.
"Have some fucking respect, man."
Do I let the emitter blow itself to hell?
"She thinks I changed my name to ""Motherfucker."""
"I hear myselfmooning over you, and it's disgusting."
"You think you can sucker punch me and get away with it, old man?"
"Meantime, he had enough syrupy and beer-besotted blood in him for two vampires, delicious, ugly, and a raging fighting heart, and so much bulk it was like riding a bull to be on him."
I got news for you-- we all do the same fucking thing.
Just more media nonsense.
Stop using your grown up brains and start...
"Christ, you're worse than your old man."
I miss you like hell.
"Oh, man. Look at that crazy."
You're as bad as Justin.
"And if Laura and her bourgeois lawyer friends can’t handle it, fuck them. Let’em riot."
Sacrifice your lives and keep on shooting!
Slut! They don't teach you to talk to young girls.
"I'll die, and so will you."
What the hell is it?
The only thing destroying your family is you!
Shit! It's Melanie!
Damn it.
"Shit, maybe we can really turn up the heat on these politicians, huh?"
"Marty: Hey, so, listen, unless something catches on fire, or Clyde's dick explodes, just... (Door opens) I'll call you guys soon."
"Well, the Germans had soldiering in their genetic code somewhere, but they weren't any better trained than Americans, and training was the difference between some ignorant damned civilian and a soldier."
I like the gays.
Where the hell have you been to?
As soon as he comes round he'll be trying to fuck a nurse with his 'Best Mate Steve' story.
"Holy shit. That house belongs to celia, and she was my lover, and it was good."
"Oh, kiss me through the hole of this vile wall."
"So do me the goddamn courtesy and stop talking to me like I'm your fucking date on prom night, all right?"
You didn't tell me you lived in such a dump.
These guys will do something terrible to her.
"Andale andale, nigga."
"Oh, I do, doc, but we fuck more than any other married couple you know."
Promised myself I'd get some sort of control over these emotions–I was acting like a xaxtdamned schoolboy.
"It's so intrinsic to your fuckin' nature, you're not even aware when you do it."
No! Shut up!
"If it were, his new press secretary would not be describing himself as “dopey.”"
"""As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods. ""They kill us for their sport."""
You'd go mad here too.
You will sicken and bleed for many days.
"If you can't find that stuff in life... ...then you, my friend, don't know crap about life!"
"You escaped our surveillance and that is enough for me to terminate the Witness Protection Program right now, and there's not a goddamn thing all your cronies in Washington could do about it."
Dumb luck.
Pigeon shit.
"All of you, get the fuck out of here!"
Not even a pig takes the last one.
"Go down to that crappy cabin of yours on the weekend, hole up, retrench."
"Jack, you're eating too much junk."
I think Johnny's could be up shit creek this time.
This demon is taking my life and everyone's treating him Everyone's treating him like a grown-up.
"""Jeez, Louise, that is a lot of semen for a ten-year old."""
"What, are you telling me your blind grandmother caught us fucking?"
"Your son saw a half-naked hooker with her stomach cut out, with the knife still sticking in her!"
The decree is death
"No, I shit you not."
"But he's seventy, and that's too damn old."""
Freddy must be killing him.
"I thought it was just me, but no other fucker seems to know."
"'Ha, even the damn soup there is fifteen dollars!' said Moist."
I don't want you to tell me anything but what is needed to save your neck.
Come off it. You're not even fucking Jewish.
"You're too stubborn to die, Mr. Paris."
"But one day, with others so disposed, use them both, and if you can, bring her down and destroy her."
Slap him.
"You look at him like that again, I'll smack you."
I’ve spent two years kissing Logan’s butt.
The only fucker this ever frightened was the chancellor of the exchequer.
Dorks! Stop doing outtakes.
It will be such a relief to end this bloody misery.
Now that shit cannot be about business.
They're testing my ass.
I might kiss your pretty little wife.
I remember seeing Hugh Killian shoot that juror.
'And you would repay me by killing me!
He made me put it on him. A condom.
"No, not you, right brain."
Before I yank out every hair on your head!
"Just, you know, women's bits."
What's the goddamn doctor know?
Is she the cutest little blond pussy you ever saw? Or... is she the cutest little blond pussy you ever saw?
Cuff yourself to the bedpost.
I don't give a damn what you believe.
You wanna fucking bark now?
"Hell, beating on my fucking door."
I don't want to fuck up my family anymore.
"I told you, I don't know anything about any fucking setup."
But the shit's gonna cost you... ...a hundred.
What the hell are youdoing?
What the hell is a lunamaria?
Die before we get old.
"One witha T-shirt saying "" Don't fuck with Mr Zero."""
"I don't want this to blow up in her face, and you seem like a shrewd enough operator to keep your mouth shut."
"Let go of him, Figgsy."
Adults are like this mess of sadness and... phobias.
"I told you, motherfucker, he ain't gonna do nothing."
"All Ray's gotta do is walk into IAB... ...say what needs to be said, end of fucking story."
You better hell out of this property!
Go to hell. I didn't kill anyone.
You gotta downshift that dog.
Bit him in the arm.
Damn it. What's up?
Now you know how it feels. You won't be scared when some junkie asshole pulls a Glock.
"You're about as useful as a cock-flavoured lollipop. Quick feet, fast hands."
Don't give me shitty pies. You'll regret it.
"Because Leo the Fart was very, very fat."
"He tried to picture her, mad with rage, homicidal with hate and anger."
Are you fucking serious?
But the Masadans had twisted patriarchy into what could only be called a sick perversion.
"I've arrested a lot of scumbags you've put back out on the street, so I got to be honest with you."
"And since you saw your dad kissing that tart, you're like an energy suck every time you walk into a room."
"If I don't get you a doctor, you're going to be deader than he is."
Then get changed and piss off!.
I'd fuck her but she's too young.
"Wait. I'm a vintage '60s british thing, so fuck off."
I hope you get hives.
"And I'm Lennon and McCartney, bitch."
I didn't go to Cole's apartment to kill her.
I'm guessing the psycho blonde wasn't there for our free tote bag promotion.
"I'm gonna stop doing that. Good, because I can't stay and I wouldn't want you to think it's because I wasn't enchanted by your talking penis."
I hate that fucking song.
"The deaths, going to Hell, Kenzi leaving."
"You know where the fucking mark is, do you?"
Ethical doctors starve.
"""No, dammit, that wasn't what you meant at all."
"When she reached the sidewalk, she looked both ways for the crazy Polish woman's little yellow car."
He scores! -Shit!
Get the hell outta here!
"I was there, yes, but it's Sarcone that's screwing you."
The voting doesn't count for a goddamn thing.
It's like a whore house down there.
Why'd you shoot Mike-Mike in his hind parts?
It's all a damn experiment?
"Just fuck off, John!"
Forget the damn tape.
You better get your ass to that wedding.
Many devils here these days.
"Don't you say a goddamn word to him about this either, or you're finished."
You are all so weird
Let's get the fuck out of here.
I hope they go berserk.
"What, are you some kind of fucking spy?"
They're right on our ass.
I've got a feeling we can avoid all the rules all the cliches. Fuck Hitler and Ljotic.
Be assured the undeserved black mark on your name will someday be removed.
I'm pretty sure I look like hell.
Explosive dismemberment.
"And every time, I swear every damned time, he'd turn towards us, to the ship, towards everybody and scream..."
Come on up here. Get your butt up here.
"Royalties from Ice Ice Baby, you must be fucking loaded!"
"Okay, all right... While I was busting my ass running the club, saving money wherever I could, Gino was just having one big party."
Togawa-gumi is crazy!
A marine mammal that knows a lot more about sonar than you do. Kill SAPS.
Guys getting their arms chopped off in Africa.
"Stephanie, Helen Burton has 80 criminals waiting to be injected."
"You wanted them to die like your brother, dressed in fairy-tale costumes,"
You know she's a Jesus freak?
But the Suck was moving in the same direction.
Shut up the dog!
"I'm supposed to go to this party tonight, but my dad's making me housesit for his stupid bird while he's away this weekend."
You fucked my mom.
Are you crazy? Probably a hundred people saw us chasing him.
Chris sells that shit to some creep on the Internet.
"Young fool, in charge of her ship."
What are you doing? Building an ass bomb?
What the hell is she doing?
"I like it when you get on top of me,... ...and squeeze me real hard between your legs,... ...andwhen you rub against me."
"If it were up to me, I'd send you back to Siberia. Not home."
By whoring around with other guys and taunting me!
Che. We have to give you a tetanus shot.
"Fucking embarrassing is what you are, mate."
"Lady, where I come from, snakes crawling out of the freaking wall are considered immediate danger."
"'Bite your tongue, Shallag,' Senga replied."
"School's out, loser."
"If Charlie was still around, none of this would be happening. He's distracted with that damn"
Get the hell off me.
My barber's moving to a damn salon.
"Man, they kidnap you and drug you. Before you know, you're in a bath and your kidneys are on eBay."
"Yeah, of course he's on his way, he's their fucking sergeant."
"When you tug your Thomas on the toilet, shoot right into the bowl."
"The Unitarians! The foreign-born, who don't have any understanding of democracy, who play right into the hands of the socialists, the communists, the anarchists, the anti-Christ and the Jews!'"
And we suck at swimming?
Balance the Goddamn budget!
"Freaky shit, right?"
Her mouth opened enough for me to see my knife blade impaling her.
"So, what'd the pigs want?"
"Every goddamned one of them simply vanished, and Ogilve straightened with slow, almost painful caution."
Go and injure yourself somewhere else.
After a while he became aware that all he was doing was simply staring stupidly at the ceiling.
Why don't you andEffie Klinker just fuck off and leave me alone?
"I could beat the ass off Vera when we played chess, unless she cheated."
"If you don't want him to be here, I'll happily get rid of him."
"Damn, J-dawg, that's destruction of state property."
Open the goddamn door!
In that case eat drink shit and fart all of that is related to kung fu?
"Oh, you said tits-- -Shut up, Adam."
And could command a crap bowl. And sailed to America.
A fucking lot of Quaaludes.
"His hair was long and combed in a duck's ass — no more crewcut, later for you, Jack."
'Cause you're fucking fired.
"""He says KGB's going to kill somebody who doesn't deserve it."
"Hey, guys. hell."
And we crushed him.
"You have a bullet lodged in your shoulder, Mr. Salazar, a gift from a very angry group of force recon devil dogs, whom I can only assume live up to their name."
"Suddenly, to the delight and outrage of the congregation, a raucous saxophone broke the solemnity, and a jazz rendering of ""Fools Rush In"" was blaring over the loudspeakers."
enrique iglesias xxx basshunter amnesia ibiza pamela anderson sex video hanah montana linkin park sex scenes akon 2girls1cup sexy girls jonas brothers kama sutra nude orgasm bb8 big brother hentai wwe power rangers mistic forse
We won a few awards and we kicked ass at the Cannes Film Festival.
Twisted and deranged.
"Well, I happen to know it takes a couple of hours, for the cops to get a fucking search warrant approved by a judge."
"Yeah, you got the boom and the pow, and your lips are cash money, but what really turned me on about you was how much of an ass-kicker you were."
Now put your damn hands behind your back!
Die hands of a gladiator.
Is this old fart crazy?
He set his knife-point against one of the hexagons and touched his forehead to the butt-cap.
"No, don't be silly."
"Kassim, I want the troglodyte to look at this."
Sick he must be of them!
The little prick told me he was going to a seminar on surveillance technology.
Go with the hunch of a man whose brain is fuelled by lemons?!
"Brings to thought a wild fuck I schooled, when we yet called Batiatus' father Dominus."
"Anything a newspaper cares about at christmas, they give a fuck about by new year's."
Somebody grab that monkey.
"You forget, I got to operate on your face tomorrow."
"Scumbag, what are you doing?"
"Forgive my candor, I just felt my spleen slip out of what was my anus."
Damn. I was hoping you weren't gonna ask me that.
May their corpses be dismembered by wild animals.
"It was clear to most of those in town who cared about such things that he believed Sally farted perfume and shit petunias, and you didn't argue about such things with a man who was put together like Lester."
"You think you're hot shit, don't you?"
"Goddamn you, take me!"
"'He always was a weird bastard,' said another voice."
He just wanted to kill someone.
"And in 1976, she was murdered by a white man."
"We're his goddamn kids, too."
"In fact, he was a horrible little toe rag."
Thanks for fucking telling me.
He's a stickler and a nit-picker.
"Not two of them jumping in tandem, not even four, but six of them, while the two great grinning idiots spun the rope as fast as their slab-like arms would allow."
"Fuck, leave me alone!"
He shit everywhere!
She kissed my bush while I helped Paul fuck her from behind
"Say, ""Yes, Seth, I fucking understand!"""
By putting him inside that psychopath?
"I sucked rhythmically, scoring him with my teeth, marking him."
"You know, my face breaks out about two days after you leave town. Every time, like some goddamn teenaged girl."
"What you're about to witness is the most badass, fucked-up thing you'll ever see."
"He feels the lips of her vulva tight around his upper chest and back, constricting and enveloping him."
"Ooh, you aught to have seen it! His teeth was everywhere! He look like shit!"
You still stubbornly insist on being Ellis Hightower's slobbery lapdog?
"Motherfucker, what makes you think I care?"
"Well, he might think the sun... whatever, but why does that mean he suddenly thinks that you're scum?"
"Man, you're a lucky fuck."
Stop this stupid fight!
You don't need the money or the pain in the ass. And they will catch you.
You want to make them-- hit you.
"Don't touch my daughter, squashface."
She just did all this boring shit.
"The operation gave him a feeling of power that nothing could rival, not even fucking."
What the hell is all this?
Otherwise the disease wouldn't be considered so damned dangerous.
It's not going to work she's not afraid to die.
"I can't see a damn thing, Quinn."
Same kind of shit you used to do for us.
"Yeah, shooting tigers."
"Look, I didn't want to write your damn ""Mongongo Fruit"" sketch."
"We're gonna find this wicked witch, steal her wand, I'll get that big pile of gold and you can have a nice pile of bananas, all right?"
"You shooting them strings didn't help none, neither."
Sick.
They'll... ...fuck me up and make me a housewife with... ...some bastard who treats me like shit for a 100 years.
"This motherfucker, he comes in here and he sticks a Taser in my face, and he said he was gonna kill me unless I gave him the rest of the food and water."
"You were a little shy, and I was a real jerk... and I'm sorry."
I'll fax you over the dimensions so you can see how ridiculous it is.
You live in a fake castle leeching off your accidental millionaire loser friend playing black metal in your bedroom.
It must smell of semen.
Your cheesy mexican kitchen. archer:
"""Shit!"" I remarked."
Are you nuts?
"Yeah. 'cause-a that shit, I'm 'a need you for some serious business tomorrow, man."
Benedict could be as tough and mean and nasty as any of us when he wanted to be.
"'Cause let's face it, we don't want to raise another kid, 'cause both our kids suck."
Damn...
"""You Americans are such prudes."""
And we've been fighting this idiotic war ever since.
"I'm not sitting around here all fucking day, man."
A dirty-ass basement?
"Maybe I can help. Oh, crap."
Killing him a second time?
And he's going someplace in a big damn hurry.
"He has the balls to say such things to me!"""
What the fuck's wrong with you?
Then why don't you pull my trigger and see what shoots out?
I say we hit them back hard.
A drug dealer called me a loser.
... and your drink. - Don't forget my pathetic love of country.
May have trouble up north. Have to shoot it out with the cops.
"Far better than you, my lovesick doctor."
Youdon't want another murder on your head.
I hope it rains every day of your fucking visit.
And on most nights you're so bored and filled with ennui... ...you can't even summon the enthusiasm necessary to masturbate.
You can slug me back if you want to.
"I don't like sucking them, you know what I mean?"
"cried the Jew, stamping furiously on the ground."
"“No, but I know who tried to kill him after he screwed up.”"
"And he gets up, gets on stage, puts on a guitar, and we do a whole fucking set of his songs."
"""See, you shout at a churchman when he seeks to correct your foolish ways."""
Expensive shithole.
I can't imagine a fate worse than being dumb.
"I've been a jock, student leader, professional ballplayer, an educator. is this really the material from which male prostitutes are made?"
"I need to go on holiday with my wife, because we're trying to have a baby and I'm never going to be able to give her one all the time I'm coming in here every single day, standing at that hot stove, burning my balls to oblivion."
"If you think that turning yourself into a disposable incubator for a few weeks... is gonna protect your baby from all the crap in this world, go ahead."
"'Dull,' said Anghammarad blankly, and turned to look at Miss Dearheart."
"'Damn, it's weird to be cut off from everybody and everything like this."
"A good bit of luck, your major escaping when we were this close to hanging you."
"""The fucking cop is Italian."""
"And that, Citizen Commissioner, is a damned sight better than anything we've managed yet!"""
We're completely screwed.
I could spend my spare time doing stupid hand exercises.
"Those douchebags in the vines took themselves out, holding hands... kumbaya style."
"The only features on its misshapen head were an ugly suckerlike mouth full of teeth and those haunting eyes of which Jack Dawson had spoken, those eyes of silver-white fire."
And you don't see your sick view of our parents?
I'm not opening anything. - Open the door. We can't get anything sorted until you open the damn door!
She starts screwing around and has no idea whose kid she's having.
"It's not worth your life, you idiot!"
You're talking crazy.
Aaliyah is about to be brutally murdered in front of her children.
"You're nuts, we're not going to do this."
Eat your damn porridge.
It's like Yelp for asswipes.
It's a vulva!
You ain't shitting me?
"What you think they did, which I still can't hardly believe my fucking ears we're even talking about."
Wild hordes at the border. Only death awaits you there.
"Well, now you see, if I had extra sea slugs, I'd let those little suckers go right on back into the ocean."
"""I am afraid I must be going,"" exclaimed Lady Henry, breaking an awkward silence with her silly sudden laugh."
Lucifer Will die.
Coitus is sexual intercourse.
"What's ""motherfucker"" mean?"
It was going to lick me off the wall.
"'I am happy to be led by a white officer, offendi.'"
Her hedged man boyfriend came in here and threatened taking us to Court until we're so broke that we end up burying our clients in scum sacs.
Bullshit. We know it was Danny Samson. Just admit it.
"You break one of my bones and you'll regret it for the next billion years."""
Oh fuck!
"Yes, I'll kiss you."
But Alicia's parents start fighting and accusing each other of getting the wrong caterer because there are also pigs in a blanket.
Terrence Cook's mention of his visit with the sheriff reminded me -- maybe it's time to check in on Neptune's finest dirty politician himself.
You never let me pack the girls' shit! Never!
"Well, Mr Sinclair, you've probably got no fucking idea what I'm talking about."
"Sweet, a shank."
"Okay? I will haul ass through those woods, and I will find help."
"Well, he wants me to call him ""big boy""... ...and he's my ""bucking bronco""... ...and I'm supposed to ""ride him hard""... ...and ""put him back in the barn wet."""
'cause I fly lower than snake shit.
I borrowed this from your stodgy Captain's mind.
"Oh, shit, he's in the house."
"I wouldn't touch it, man. She's twitchy as a bunch of nuns. - She's the Holy Grail."
"He was one of those dangerous people who are soft, squidgy and cowlike provided they have what they want."
"You try to take out my associate while he's driving the van, I blow a hole in Raylan's head."
You should have heard thet pathetic tape.
What just happened here was a fucking miracle.
Either you're a genius manipulator concealing your complicity in the case... ...or you're a dimly-lit clown.
Your belly'il explode!
"See, you think Amanda's gonna do shit like this for you?"
What the hell does that mean?
Could you smell her flesh burning ?
Foolish hope!
That butler. That little dog.
Killed him!
Not even when he gets drunk and slaps my face.
That ain't the first time you been sucker-punched by a big woman.
"Hey, guess what, Val. Before you go to the DEA's office and make an ass of yourself... ...let me tell you something. Peter and I were married."
Somebody as beautiful and powerful as you. . . . . .doesn't fall for a faggy art dealer.
I...I meant the good kind of suck.
I told you I would give you a heart attack. ?
Clean up that fucking mess!
Then call your damn boss!
"It was damn cold, even on a sunny day."
I'm trying to fucking help you!
"If you want to reach the sky, fuck a duck and try to fly."
Shut the fuck up.
"Yeah, hurt like a bastard."
You fuckheads would be ready if you weren't partying all night.
I screwed uP with the only man who will ever care about me.
Don't you fucking move!
"Look, I didn't crack some secret hippie code to tell you what they're really saying, and I don't want to be the bait to get you in the room just so you can start bashing skulls."
And then fucking break it online.
"Isn't that silly?"""
Or are you done fucking with me?
"Trash? You don't know what I'm talking about, but you know it's good."
Ready to jump out tomorrow morning and scare us all shitless.
"Pop, open the damn door!"
"I shall give you one last chance. Renounce your religion, become a Muslim and I'll spare you."
Two more in his neck and one in his groin.
And hearing someone who loved the Captain being forced to explain why the Government had no choice but to support the admission to the highest legislative body in the Kingdom of a piece of garbage who hated her did bad things to his digestion.
I will never lick youagain!
Burn that freedom bus!
"Tell me what happened right now, goddamn it!"
"The world, this world, stank."
Pigs make bacon.
"Go on, Mr Gray, eat up. Bon—fuckin-appétit."
"Fine, till you start doing that shit."
We got a prison full of killers out here.
"Pathetic, I know."
I'm sorry. Your wife is brain-dead.
You should be ashamed of your damned self.
I told you this was a silly idea.
The Ginzo gang makes life hell! Damn you!
I said get that fucking door open!
Where do you get your balls big enough to ask me that?
You know... you're definitely gonna be a knockout in a couple of years.
Clearly I... I fucked that up.
This fiendish ape again started shrugging his shoulders nastily and shaking his head energetically when Zira spoke to him.
They can get shot.
Damn it. Coming!
"He's a starfish, and he lives on the same street Sponge Bob, and he's unbelievably dumb."
"You'll get your shot, man."
"This some crazy shit, Sasch."
Probably just got my ass fired.
"Alfredo, my sister's boyfriend, that jerk."
The pussy song.
You look like you just crawled out of a sewer.
We'il hang your clothes here then.
"Fundamentally, people are suckers for the truth."
I want my daughter back And fausto dead.
In the corner a group of Negroes chanted and chattered in the cone of light over a crap table.
I'll blow smoke in their eyes until they cry if I feel like it.
"So, how am I supposed to know what kind of zipper head, dog-munching dink you are if you don't?"
Okay. Hypothetically.
Finish imitating these dogs.
Always funny seeing a white witch with a wand.
"Go smack him up and you'll get your shit, man!"
"You know, when his old man gets back into town, we're all gonna be out on our ass."
She's seen me fuck guys before.
"God, you look like a finger in a 1 0-hour bath."
Today's the day I finally beat your mom.
You wanna kick the shit outta me?
What the fuck have I done?
"""Your organic mental core is still flawed."
You wanna fucking try me?
Why do you all look like hell?
"Yeah, well, I was attracted to you, so I was all nervous and acting stupid."
But all I have is you... and your unreliable people.
'How do you kill them?'
They were monstrous.
And then... ...you were sick.
"I like David, but I'm worried he's just gonna be another hot guy I'll have great sex with, and then he'il be unable to commit because he had a distant mother."
I decided I'd rather kill myself than meet Rex Manning.
"Cut my eye on the soap dish, blood gushing out and shit."
"""You don't start on the next pull, I will attack and unnecessarily mutilate every bolt in your crankcase."""
"Mrs. Newman, if you're listening, bugger off. None of your business."
Better the conversation should die than him; his life could depend on not distracting the driver.
Everybody shut up.
What are we looking at? - Shut up!
She was mad and bitter.
I killed Bela.
"Five years ago, you got screwed."
"Goddamn it, I'm just disappointed, that's all."
"Josh come here, baby kicks."
I'm sorry I bit your head off.
Before feeding the baby don't forget to.. ..sterilize the nipples. Okay?
"Oh, don't be silly, Mr Maloney."
Get off of him!
Killed a guy.
My wife's on one of the planes they're fucking with!
But I can't because they're both idiots.
"We come to college, we get blown off by chicks for midgets, and you're hanging out with a sorority girl?"
"You scream, I gut you like a carp, then hop the ""A"" train five paces to your left."
I don't fucking know.
What the fuck is that?
"No nitrous, no bullshit no tricks."
"And the fifth time he said it, I took the damn thing and smashed it."
"They just asked about Ellen, what we did last week, a bunch of stupid shit."
I didn't take this job to fuck up or let anyone else fuck up.
"If is because of that thing, I better calm down, you beast!"
"'Are you often on gate duty, Boffo?' said Carrot pleasantly, as they strolled through the Fools' Guild."
Did you see those hideous fucking creatures downstairs?
You can start now... ...by cleaning the pigeon shit off the front porch.
Your bitch... Can't protect them in here.
"That, my friends, was the bitchin' sound ofThe Promise Ring."
I wondered how I ever loved such a human fool.
"Oh, no. Are you one of those... ...""I'm too cool to believe in the wonders of Christmas"" type of bitches?"
There's no such th sg as accidental sex.
Auntie Em raised a real bitch.
Busy smoking my fag.
And you be taken to the nearest uninhabited shore with neither food nor water and left to die.
Your daddy is a liar.
But you two fuckers insist on touching her!
"Goddamn, you alright?"
Then he kills him.
"He eats little boys, puppy dog tails, and big, fat snails."
Look at how your friends are nice and plump... ...and you're a stick.
Then I whacked him with this.
If the girl should die...
You're a weird lady.
"I used to dream that someone from Hollywood would come one day and they'd rescue me and all that shit, but no one ever came."
Did you have sex with Ivana that night?
She's in a room with a crazy lady and a bomb.
"They gunned my mother down, man. You think I give a damn about justice?"
You can not be so crazy.
To kill me? Why don't you just do it?
We are now as secure as the goddamn Alamo.
Alms for a miserable woman
Later we hanged him.
You're blind drunk!
Unbelievable. Fucking...
Just as mean as your mother.
"And I am gonna find out what's wrong with you, and then I'm gonna do my damnedest to fix it,and if I can't fix it, I'm gonna assemble a team of doctors that are better than me,and they're gonna do their damnedest,too."
Everything was so arranged that he swallowed every drop of my piss.
"The fuck I did. - Check out miss Texas,dude.."
"All you have to do is find him, put him in a bag, hit him with a rubber hose, bring him home."
"No, you're bloody not."
Shit! I hate it when I get my Schwartz twisted.
"Well, if we can knock the damn Manties back on their heels at a place of our own choosing, even if it's only briefly, we should make a running start on that particular chore."
To throw her in the fire.
"All right. ...but will somebody tell me, somebody please tell me, where else are you gonna have this much fucking fun?"
I didn't want the bandits to kill you.
I'm not in the fucking mood!
Shut your mouths for ten seconds and listen.
Jamm is gonna be so pissed when he finds out that you're leaving and your I.O.U.s are worthless.
We're in shit moods and we're not gonna get anything done here today.
You are still completely irrational.
"You looking to get your licks in, too?"
"They see us as their equals, and if we do not see the value in responding to that sort of overture, we are very blind and very foolish, and deserve to be swallowed whole by them or these Yuuzhan Vong or anyone else."""
Your dick like an anteater.
"Oh, it's one of those recreations of a dirty bomb."
"Ahhh! Someone gets hurt, cops come after us. That's the big fucking deal!"
"Jesus Christ, this is some embarrassing shit."
I can hear that crazy Mexican singer.
"""Oh, the bastards fought,"" McCaskey said."
I'd be jealous about you staying at Ali's except I always thought he was a closet queer.
"Your country, you talk about tolerance, you talk about freedom, but you treat every Middle Easterner like terrorist!"
"Oh, the spark thing is bullshit."
"Nancy, you are going to get some sleep tonight... if it kills me."
Find a doctor to rip out the crap they put in our heads and never look back.
"""I don't care if you are Russian, you can't grab another man's cock at dinner and say, 'Sorry, I thought that was my breadstick.'"""
"And one day, whether you choose to or not, you will help me destroy her."
"Red ones tuppence, black ones a penny."
"Come in here not minding no one, and all he did was eat his sailor sandwich and then someone kills him!"
Shit your pants?
"Uh, I mean dumb-ass."
"Send in the Spirit of Freedom. Destroy the robot, then collect the Core."
"I started to say something, almost asked permission, and thought, screw it."
"Smoke, fire, oppressive heat... ...as Colombian and Jamaican drug fiendsagain transform LA into a slaughterhouse."
He's the Indian wearing chaps.
We can't very well have these shitbirds... graduating and going off into the world.
I could injure my throat.
"Shit, we can't use this."
"Why do you want to go back to the damn penitentiary, man?"
It's a bunch of crap! You can't blame society for the fact that you chose to become a killer.
"You refuse my granddaughter, a samurai lady, the honor and peace of death."
"Next time, I'll get my own damn room!"
"Just go, fucker!"
"The glory I have earned this ludus, This is my fucking reward!"
That's bat-shit crazy.
He killed her without wanting.
Copperfield called me a runt.
"I'm goin' crazy with this shit... what he knows, what he doesn't know."
Why are you going to hell?
"When you tell somebody somethin', it depends on what part of the United States you're standin' in... as to just how dumb you are."
"What gives you the damn right... ...to keep our cigarettes piled up on your desk... ...and to squeeze out a pack only when you feel like it, huh?"
"You ever spend a goddamn minute thinking why I chose you, Taggart?"
When you lose your body will be cast into a pauper's pit and you will be forgotten within days.
So you had sex with him ?
This project was a real shit!
"And I'm gonna sleep with it in case your fuckin' dinner guest wants to come back for, you know, dessert or something."
"Your father is afraid of a fight? Hell, no."
'Hooves and pig snot and rats what fell in the —ing mincer.'
"""I'll be damned!"" he said."
You fuck people out of money and get away with it.
"You're a disgrace as a farmer, a husband and a father."
Will you forget about your silly instruments for one second?
Show me your fucking hands!
"You're the one who needs to keep his mouth shut, cabbage patch."
"Peaty, you told me you killed him."
So Jones is threatening to kill hundreds of people unless I take a test. - Unless you pass a test.
And take your trunk monkey with you.
"Oh! Damn, one of my toes in the bottle."
You're gonna realize how much fuckin' money you lost
"Hell, son, that could be a photo of my mama, for all I know."
"Hell, if you died, I'd play the field."
"Now, all we have to do is send this tape to the po-po, and that little bitchlet is headed to juvie."
I ' m sorry I shouldn ' t have asked Damnit You okay?
"He suggested that he eliminate you, Karug, take over your planets."
I told you they'd handle this shit.
I can run his ass off the road.
And hang the girl.
"You're one of those antisocial, long-suffering loner types."
Your colleague has already shot me upstairs!
Where the hell did he come from?
"I can herdcows, shovel shit, and build fences."
He clapped his brother warmly on the shoulder and the smaller man was almost pathetic in his fawning pleasure.
I knew who'd kill Samuels.
"Oh, and Mary Reynolds said he's a total nut job."
What the hell's goin' on?
He knows we're ready to shoot.
'm jealous of my best friend and it sucks.
Yeah to murder.
I'm not getting into that Fag Jag again.
"This is where we make a real fucking name for ourselves, boys."
You see his face! Scared Israeli son of bitch.
So we're following the theory that whoever she had sex with is also her killer.
Damn good.
"I'll see you in court, sweet tits."
"Second reason, and this is the big one, I'm foreign... and that's pissing the fuck out of you right now, and your brain is on a loop and you can't fucking turn it off, and it's just going around in a circle, and you're just going,"
"If you'd like, I could finish her off."
For the better part of a minute there was no one on that pathetic craft who didn't believe they were about to die.
The airport's over there. Goddamn it!
We kill ourselves for you.
"Mr. Soze will be most up-- Listen, you cocksucker, there is no Keyser Soze."
Now we'll have to eliminate these two ourselves.
"Well, you ain't no faggot or nothing?"
"Marshall, last week you were trash that no one wanted to look at."
"Shit, man. We late."
There are no whites here.
Did you or your sister... ...kill James Angelov?
Shoot. I did 622 just before you came in.
"Uh, go back to spooning or whatever the hell you were doing."
"""I don't care what sex the little beast is."
"You bloodied up my knife, you dog."
"I fucked up, huh?"
"Shoot well, alright?"
you can eat fire just for kicks.
Koothrappali might have intercourse with Penny tonight?
Get the fuck outta here.
They're disgusting.
So then don't be a bitch with me in the process!
Don't be sucha damned fundamentalist.
"Next gay Osgal stood, and he promised he would Loose an arrow up into the sky."
634 blowjobs in five days.
"Want to fuck, boy? Hmm?"
I'm trying to get some drinks. Get her a cider. Shut the old bitch up.
You're saying you lied to me because you were black landing?
"""I hate you for giving me this."
"Be a bit fucking boring, like, just seeing the ships and the sea day after day."
This talk of ours will have to wait until well after we're dead.
"Help me with this idiot horse of mine!"""
"No, he gives shit."
You've got to be shitting me.
"There is much honor and more sense in having succeeded with what was left, making something with the damned forty acres and a muddy mule, but you have to be able to see that."
"Yeah, and before that, I was a witch. And before that, I don't remember what the hell I was."
He says he sucks.
"Which do remind me... we get up outta here, you need to drop that shit down a storm drain."
You fuckin' kiddin' me?
This sucks!
"You will burn for this, Inspector!"
Damn it. I was falling in love with my own husband.
Why don't you just go ahead and kill the speakers in the cemetery?
Your wife is very weak.
And I'm an asshole.
Perhaps we will be fucking later.
Thoughts of suicide and worsening of your depression If you are depressed you may sometimes have thoughts of harming or killing yourself.
Do you think anything you have to say is gonna make one bit of difference to me?! - Get the hell outta here!
"""Damned if I know why I built this hotel --something to do with my life, I guess."
Have a drink and shut up. Just because he set this up... ...he bugged Jimmy for an advance on the money we were going to steal.
"I thought Mrs. Fairbanks was a young brunette with, like, big soapy titties."
...when he pulled this gun and fired at agent Hudd... ...killing him instantly.
They have already killed one of us.
"You tried to capitalize, but I caught you. You fuck!"
I told you not to touch my goddamn car!
"You are conservative, but you're really very wild, a rebel, crazy, kind of like how you are..."
Damn it. Valentin just went out the window with the kid.
I just want to get the fuck out of here.
And to hell with the French army.
What the heck are you wearing?
I don't mess around with witches.
"To hell with the dog, you're one of us! You saved my life."
"Sir, you're very sick. You need to put aside your work for the moment."
To have cocks stuck up you ten or fifteen times a day... ...and all for a bowl of stew?
"I was such a coward, I couldn't bring myself to face her."
Not a damn cent!
"Ain't nobody fucking committing you, but if you don't chill out quick, somebody might change their mind."
"Let's not end up like this, Charlie. A couple of old farts doing birthdays and bar mitzvahs."
"I would kill my foe in battle, so that he did not rise up against me at another time."
"""Your aim is to place that dog in the lap of the governor - ""that's the evil part of you - with a smile, as you leave."""
There's another one! Hit it!
This shit happens every day.
"There is no biological or legal connection... between the two of you, and there's no law against... having sex with multiple partners or you would be on death row."
For the days of blood are here and if we do not join together we will be slaughtered separately.
Did you or did you not tell me you saw Corwin Earle with the medallion of St. Christopher around his fucking wrist?
Those fuzzy headed trolls just wanted a better life.
You're the prettiest girl on the damn beach. - Aww.
Don't act like this is the first time the government's ever fucked you over.
"What's so fucking fantastic about you, huh?"
Whatever. I'm fucking taking you out whether you want to or not!
Peas... more like peas of crap.
"You hassled my ass for an hour and a half here, man."
"Look, I know this sucks, all right."
No. I should have thrown him up against the wall.
"""They are black,"" explained Tarzan."
"Jesus, this must've been done with a serrated knife."
I'm the motherfucker?
You're worried about us fucking up?
"I came to see how you can live with yourself! shit! stop it, man!"
I almost got you killed twice already.
I've seen a lot of shit.
"You're not a fool, you're merely young."
The only way is to hack your own brain.
I'm not having him go to Texas to hang for shooting some Senator.
Can't we bury those poor devils?
"Make them beg us to take that money back... they're so scared, so long as we leave them the fuck alone."
Piperand Phoebe were crazy to trust me.
This guy was really getting on my balls.
"Believe me, I hate these dentists."
Cut him off at the end of the port. - Roger that.
No. You thought that I might get naked with you again.
And it's like all this shit just gets so loud I feel like I can't even hear myself think.
I was listening to your friends while you were in the washroom and they just want to screw you.
"""Oh, shit."
Now I'm gonna be deported for murder.
Mericet wasn't trying to kill him; he was merely trying to make him kill himself.
I'm tired. I want to die.
"Now, I told both of you, I'm not gonna stand for any more foolishness during this trial."
"Obviously, this is a really fucked-up thing to do, but it's not entirely his fault."
The fucking only way to bounce back from shit like this is to go out there and make the individuals that did this to us fucking pay.
"Between the gash on your mug and A.J.'s shiner, you two clowns are real intimidating."
Bloody hell!
What happened to the poor fucks you strung up in the trailer?
"Man, how do you know this shit's safe?"
"""Damn,"" he said to York, ""I wish you came to dinner more often, so we'd eat like this most every day."""
"Of course, I think that was a pity in a way, but there's no doubt that his father is a very unpleasant man."
"They haveour asses, is what they have, man."
Divorce lawyers though... are the fungus growing beneath the scum.
"""Best damn barbecue in Texas..."""
How dare you come here and bark at me like a junkyard dog!
I still got to kick the shit out of the low man.
"Believe me it's great, with impunity to kill."
"Now, you shut up."
All I could think about was picking up the champagne bottle and caving in your skull.
What the hell does that mean?
I don't know how to use any of this crap.
"I will get you for this, you son of a--"
"Perhaps the whole affair was some complicated and ob-scure jest of Khedron's, though he could not imagine why he had been chosen to be its butt."
"Spring, and I'm feelin' damned."
"It's like that old saying, ""Have sex, eat some cake."""
"My dad called this ""freezing the balls off a brass monkey."""
But I feel like a fool walkin' home like this.
Never be friends with a woman.
I'm not a total moron.
What? You think this is your fucking money?
"Oh, God, I totally just bit her head off."
On the dead-eyed Russian hand-whore scale?
How long have you been screwing Karen?
I need to shoot something!
"Damn, I'm jealous."
But unfortunately there was no motility in your sperm.
"I'm just a pedantic foreigner with a silly ""ecksunt."""
He uses more brawn than his brain.
"Hi, Matt, this is to certify that this is the big fat cock I ordered."
"No, but I have had sex with other overly confident struggling musicians."
And forget that partner crap.
"Work now, ass-play later. I got it."
"Hey, Turk, you got a big mouth in your white shirt."
"His eyes were open, but he wasn't thinking or moving anymore, just that dead, stupid look on his lace, that terrible look, the way Stilson looked when I finished with him."
I saw his coward lips tremble as I spoke.
"She won't stop until she burns you, me, and then the entire Triad to the ground."
"You better getyour own fuckin' army, pal!"
"Every time I open my mouth, she goes crazy."
I bought a goddamn house!
""" ""Damn right."""
"So you think if we kill this vampire, they'd take off the spell whammy... ...and we can go back to being ourselves?"
Just wait a frigging minute!
"Our boys are there fighting for all that's sovereign, and here, we've got these dirty scroungers."
Don't choke and fall and split your head and die.
And we will get free or die.
"We were bound hand and foot, fagged and filthy; our beards two inches long, our faces scratched and bloody."
I zipped you into a body bag.
Old Teach... he's about to shoot a helmsman for some minor misdemeanor.
Better than those miserable drug dealers getting it.
Blow it.
"No, not the f---ing first one!"
"You were after her ass in there, and she knew it."
Why do I have to be the Invisible Cunt?
Burn when you sink into my bed of ice
"When you bring in what she brings in, without getting emotional or fucking up, you can make demands, but, until then, keep your head down and learn."
Mnh-mnh. I ain't stupid.
Maybe she's the one that wants to die.
In this place mothers are for drunk driving.
"Goddamn it, it wasn't fair ... it wasn't right . . ."
Red's fighting a bigger fight. Shit's changing around here.
"You clench your fist, you punch me in the nose?"
"Oh. I mean this, um, redheaded lady who lives in my bed was a real pain in the ass this morning."
"Hiding under the ignorance... in which he kept his own wife... to whom we extend... all our moral support, and we remind her... that life is better under the light of truth... than under... ignorance."
"Shit, we lost!"
"That's ridiculous, a total lie."
"""And might get you killed in the process,"" Lando retorted."
Let's shut this place down.
I cunt hear you. I've got an ear in-fuck-tion.
"""They know I'm getting set to screw them."
It must have been an everyday struggle to portray this scum.
"I'm sitting there in her Bentley in the dark, right... ...in front of her goddamn office, trying not to let anybody see me... ...and ask me what I'm doing."
"I got a British sucker who dropped a quarter of a million, and he wants to play no-limit."
"Damn, so lightweight, you'll forget you're wearing it."
"Sara, can you please stop screwing around with this guy."
"Same-sex marriages, Sexton thought in disgust."
You can't just get up! Shit.
You're a glorified sperm donor.
"Crap! Okay, look, we gotta do this fast."
"""I'm not going to let the bastards run me, Ender."
I thought this motherfucker was dead.
"If I die, so does your Pilot."
Where's that damn technician?
"And I filmed it all, recording it for every journalism major to download from here to fucking eternity."
That I'm crap at kendo.
Pheragas had been right not to mention such a silly thing.
This shit is serious.
What the hell...?
"I'm trying to put them out of their misery, Freeing them from an eternal hell."
Holy crap!
A bum with a bodyguard.
She's miserable!
akon sexy girls power rangers mistic forse bb8 big brother sex scenes pamela anderson sex video amnesia ibiza kama sutra nude 2girls1cup enrique iglesias xxx hanah montana hentai linkin park basshunter wwe orgasm jonas brothers
George was supposed to take care of Arthur... ...but he lost his silly head and shot Broome.
"No, you have not changed a damn bit."
"See, I've got egg all over my fucking face and I'm all right."
You don't have to prove how big your balls are!
Get your damn hands off my bottle.
"I hate the fact that you wore a football jersey to dinner because I hate football, but you can fuck me if you turn the lights off, OK?"
That beast was a gas-guzzling monstrosity.
Gary Bennett. Fucker.
Not that you need cartilage to shoot Nazis.
"This guy will get his 15 minutes of fame and then bam, he ain't shit no more."
Are you fucking deaf?
No shit!
"I knew you weren't 16, but I was fool enough to believe you was straight!"
But it's not from yesterday. It's black.
"Shoot when you have a target,"" Cadmann ordered."
"Either the cannoneer was a fool or one of the Islanders got in a clear shot, but the hylighters exploded over the Preserve in a double blast that took Twisp's breath away and stung his eyes with light."
Stop that with the booze and all that shit.
Is that a gay joke?
What the fuckkind of plans would I have?
"That another boy, perhaps the incestuous child of Son and Sara Tidwell, had been drowned by his mother in the lake, she maybe laughing that smoke-broken, lunatic laugh as she held him down?"
"Twice what, loser?"
"You mean, as in the guy is gay?"
To straighten out this damn mess.
"What's the point of busting your ass every day, paying a mortgage, when it feels like the world's coming to an end?"
Is that your dick?
"Damn, you sound grown."
"The only answer was to cut out the higher centers of this sick but brilliant brain, and to leave the purely automatic regulating systems in operation."
All you were gonna do is break her ribs.
"He said,assuming I exercise reasonable caution I can have sex again."
Not for fucking or for anything else.
"""Very succulent cunt,"" leered Regan, her furred and lolling tongue licking spittle across cracked lips."
"I have to fucking piss so badly,"
"Oh, God! It wasn’t you losers who killed Goldie."
"Ten minutes later they wheeled everyone in, he was there with a big fucking hole in his head."
We have a Russian mobster in the building...
"I'm not going to fuck your mouth, and my time is extremely valuable."
"In the end, it's proving easier with the French than the Duce or that blasted Franco."
You. Is wolf.
"Some plumbing, painting and shit."
Is that why you're up on those goddamn cans?
"Ooh, I gotta wake my ass up... at six A.M.. every day this week... drag up to Las Golindas."
"I suppose one might claim that there would-- Mommy, make that monkey stop talking."
You're scaring the shit out of me!
"I had him erect, and his semen would follow, but alas, I was hot, so hot that I swallowed."
"I mean, think about it - we bust into their house, we eat all their porridge we sleep in their fucking beds. no wonder they're pissed off."
Bastard! You killed my duck!
We found a fricking alien.
Frickin' cake dudes.
"I don't give a shit what that guy said, you can't do that."
"Come on. Sing, damn you!"
"'Me and the Reverend was still in Muncie when they brought your queer troublemaker friend into the hospital,' he said."
"Tommy, get your ass in there now!"
"What? It's okay, it was just cancer sex."
"Darn, he'll find out sooner or later"
"Shut up, or I'll change my mind."
Maybe in an amateur contest with a braying jackass... you might stand a chance.
Where the hell have you two been?
What the hell you come here for?
"What the fucking hell happened here, sarge?."
"""He just got a kink in his neck."
There was another leather thong about his throat.
"I need a father who's a role model, not some horny geek boy who's going to spray his shorts... whenever I bring a girlfriend home from school."
What the fuck?
What you fink?
We trust that the genitals live on. We bury just the rest of the body.
I would let you make love to her.
You fuck better.
"'I bet you suck, you know that, four-eyes?"
"""We got navigators and copilots and engineers to take care of that garbage, Colonel."
Get her the hell outta there.
I'll nay help you commit murder.
"Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore."
If you're beating the shit out of me... so I tell you something I'd appreciate it if you asked me the question.
"And then when we get it, who's gonna take it off of scum like us?"
I'll slug you!
Your Dad has made his decision and... - Fuck you!
"All right. It's about you, and me, and goddamn Rita Sue. And what all happened that night with Libby."
I can throw you in jail!
I got to get ready for the game. - Damn.
"Shit. A job's a job, right?"
You wanna go down in flames?
"If you find him, see if he took a shot at Healy."
Don't go and be fooled by this crazy cat
"I believe that in Glitz you have to fill their mouth with salt, hammer a carrot into both ears, and then cut off their head.'"
enrique iglesias hanah montana wwe linkin park akon kama sutra nude 2girls1cup pamela anderson sex video power rangers mistic forse basshunter orgasm amnesia ibiza sex scenes sexy girls bb8 big brother jonas brothers xxx hentai
"Dick Sand asked himself if he was not a fool, if he was still in his right mind, if, for so many days, unknown to him, he was not sailing in a false direction."
"So you couldn't possibly understand, but when gays marry, it ruins marriage for the rest of us."
What the fuck are you talking about?
"We're all fucking stressed, okay?"
"How was I supposed to know there was gonna be a fuckin' war, huh?"
You kill me right now.
You will end up with AIDS.
"Let's see if we can get another one, schmuck."
That was fucking just wonderful.
Don't damn well shrug at me!
Every soda jerk in this country has got an idea he's somebody.
"And if you're dead, I have to carry your ass back here so we can mail you home to your mama in a big wooden box!"
A grown woman screeching like a cat on a bonfire.
They're... they're surf rats.
- Shut up!
I didn't say a fucking thing.
(Shut my mouth.)
Her breast came against his;
"She's the best thing that happened to me, and I fucked it up again."
"Librians, there is a disease in the heart of man."
My black brother will utter my thoughts
They're gonna blow up.
"You know, like she could... Hurt you or kill you or... Do anything she wanted."
Let's have sex. - No.
"Maybe not my name-- I'm John Beckwith, by the way. --or my job... ...but the feelings we felt... ...the jokes, the stupid laughs, that was all me."
Get off him.
"Damn, that Kool take you out to dinner first?"
Cutting the head off or burning and distributing the ashes.
Pigs. Did you know this?
"He'll feel better when he looks in the back seat. Oh, shit."
Gassam has gone crazy.
Sneaky Taiwanese tranny who stole my watch.
"Yo, yo, yo, Duke Dick in the father-suckin' house."
I really wasn't getting the gay vibe from you.
"Come on! We're gonna bust them, Allah Akbar!"
When was the last time we had sex?
"He has 20 months, malignant like a monkey."
I came to thank you and apologize for that stupid decision.
You bastard I told you to watch the store not to send my customers away
What the hell was that?
Dont you care if you died!
"Of all the stupid, senseless acts of pure savagery."
Monitors.
Did you know he fucked Jackie?
"Holy crap, it's her."
What the hell are you doing?
You're killing me.
You all right? - Shit.
Chandi: The fucking window is smashed.
You look like shit.
"Girls, their nude breasts beaded with rain, blow kisses while the band plays a Guy Lombardo arrangement of ""Running Between the Raindrops."""
Get your butts out of here.
Why is it always the losers that get caught up in the pyramid schemes?
"Wrong people go hungry, die."
"If need be, Vetch, I was prepared to die with that creature."
Don't never pull that shit again.
I want you to cum in me. -Okay.
"My Second Sons on the other hand... they drink, they whore, fight in streets, they blend in."
If only that fool king had known what a loyal and devoted son he had!
"Bless your stiff neck, Sturm Brightblade!"
You piss white?
I just repo'd all this shit out of Don Johnson's house anyway.
You are but insects to the power of Mumm -Ra...
Never mind that those wars had been fought to shore up a collapsing economy and preserve the Dolists' own parasitic lifestyle.
"And you're not a fucking pool cleaner, either."
Chinese--I don't like Chinese very much.
"Well, then shut your pie hole."
This damned war with the Centauri.
"To be seen through, cut down, perhaps even annihilated."
You rant over normal things and act like a madman.
Just someone that sick.
I can't believe that I almost got you killed.
Dumb name will know my wrath --the wrath of doug.
I hate that they turned me into a freak.
My life is now a ticking bomb - Shut up!
"Listen, I know who you are. Shut up!"
Put a cork in her.
"Silver rings, your butt!"
What? You're shitting me.
"Ah,it's just a silly alternative lifestyle, like ""star trek"" or yoga."
"Oh, shit! You want to be with him?"
"You are a very small, little minute part of a very big-ass machine!"
"Mom, if I see him or any of his friends anywhere, I'm telling you, I'm going to kill him."
"Uh, is it ""My friend Kyle is a no-good, dirty-"""
You're the faggot.
"If you fail, the Germans won't have to kill you."
I'll put you all in a prison!
Sometimes when we're having sex... - Yeah? ...I fantasize about other women.
Think they'll believe we got dragged here by one lunatic?
You're being watched.' Fuck!
Some lowlife piece of trash put you in a bad position.
"The bastards must have flown between the rocks,"" the major snarled."
"You made your mother sicker, ok, but what are you gonna do now?"
It hardly slowed me. Rubbish!
He's such an old fogy.
I bet that's what you tell all your ugly friends.
power rangers mistic forse akon enrique iglesias sexy girls amnesia ibiza basshunter hentai 2girls1cup jonas brothers kama sutra nude orgasm bb8 big brother xxx pamela anderson sex video hanah montana wwe linkin park sex scenes
They make porn movies of my movies.
I don't want to talk no more about that stinking business.
"I'm beating the shit out of a Brazilian dude in front of 15,000 Japanese people."
Yeah. I'm sorry about that. My boss is kind of a freak.
I lived in a fuckin' war zone with you.
"Briggs, don't bullshit me."
You can't just execute me!
"I'll fuck her Albanian mother, too."
You have been bitching all day.
So you don't have sex with her?
"You dumb-ass hogs, the only people she's a threat to is... us on this boat."
I put rapists and murderers behind bars.
"""Under the sea!"" ejaculated Helen."
So don't try to act like I'm some nag.
What the hell happened to you?
"What do you want, douchebag?"
This led to other questions -- one was why she hadn't just had UPS deliver the damned things to Derry -- and finally I decided I couldn't live without actually seeing a bona fide plastic owl for myself.
"Shut up! - When I'm with you, I feel like I'm a better person and I feel happier - less alone."
Who the fuck is that?
Don't stab me in the back!
"Do not try my patience, worm... ...lest I turn my attentions to thee."
This one turns out to be a murderous counterfeiter.
Fucking Christ!
He is Death.
"And of course, sex is a given."
I've wanted to hit you for so long.
Looks like some really bad shit went down.
"Alone they were just bullies, but together... they were lethal."
Kohlrabi's a really fuckin' stupid food.
If I had to rub elbows with those whiny little troublemakers...
They'll starve to death.
"Master Shan, hit him now"
I think he might be one of those skull fuckers.
Marriage is an archaic useless folk tradition.
"Nikolai Sergeyev Durochka ""Idiot Girl"" :"
We're getting the fuck off this ghost ship.
"Since the drying up of the seas ages ago, survival has become more and more difficult; and in all those ages they have become so accustomed to battling for existence that now it has become second nature to kill all aliens."""
"A big, strong, awkward, ignorant, innocent, angry woman, yes."
"Might as well fess up, Haji, 'cause I'm gonna break you down till I get the truth out of your ass."
"Thy mercy we are about to receive. Forgive us all, even white trash like Starling here and bring her into my service."
People keep spanking my son.
"""He places a drill to her skull"
"Majesty, what does this fool mean?"""
I don't blame the white man.
"""Demon."""
"Well, shithead, had enough?"
"Your Mr. Clown, your joker"
"She was a foot shorter than him and her shape was doubtful since most of her was covered in a ridiculously frilly dress, although the dress wasn’t as ludicrous as the big blond wig full of ringlets."
Get the trolley and move that woman and that drowned lawyer.
"“When I say to the wicked, ‘You will surely DIE,’ and you do not warn him or speak out to warn the wicked from his wicked ways that he may live, that wicked man shall DIE in his iniquity, but his BLOOD I will require at your hand."
Selling pig stickers outta the library.
"And if the water goes above halfway up my penis, it's too deep for my lorry."
Look at that shit.
You're just damn jealous.
I'm gonna drive out of this bag and run you down.
"C'mon, Greggs, tell us where the fuck you are."
"There will the devil meet me like an old cuckold, with horns on his head, and say, ""Get you to heaven, Beatrice."
I can't bring this crap home to you.
"Damn, they're goin' fast."
We can't beat him without using our wolf slaves.
It'll be a public holiday when that guy dies.
Couple of arns at the most.
"Mrs. Wormer, I'm so glad you came. -Cut the crap."
He wante to execute me for a crime I in't commit.
She's lost her mind.
"Both looked totally ripshit, and Miss Harrington hadn't given him a hard time at all."
I suppose that Mari was born to attract men... ...hypnotize you like idiots.
Ass to ass.
It'll be a slaughter!
"They're scavengers, little more than beasts."
"Yeah, dude. I'd fucking call Johnny Nutsack and Vinny DaCheese. I'm not..."
But I did have sex with Tracy last night.
"""Just fuck off, will you?"""
My plan is to give a damn!
The bloke's fucking dead!
You sound like a goddamn 12-year-old. You know that?
"Alright, listen, this woman robs you blind, okay?"
Young is virile.
"No one says no to Real Madrid, you nutter."
"You stuck this damn thing in my head, remember?"
Jakon could not imagine why a man would want a whore for an entire night.
Whata hell are you doing here?
Holy shit.
Filthy coat.
"Well, I know they got all these famous dance teachers and shit, but ifyou need some new moves, you know, some real flavor, you know who to call."
Are you nuts carrying that in this neighbourhood?
I've killed more than 500 of them.
Who the fuck are you?
I'm not here right now. - Shit!
"Wiggy, what on earth do you want?"
"People call you up, you know, they ask you to make something beautiful. Yeah, so some sorry schlep can forget that they've been treated like crap every other day of the year."
"I've never lied to you, and I tell you now they will come down here with their guns and bombs and wipe us out."
"Pick your own stupid history, a snip at ten pence, highly collectable."
"His name is legion and he's an apostate of hell and you men kiss his ass."""
No wonder it's such messy business vomiting you from our midst.
You're blind !
"Oi, pussy hole! Come here! - Aargh!"
"In weather like this, Christine always felt a little trapped, even when she wasn't being hounded by well-armed lunatics."
"Come on, Struther, you've washed your pink body enough."
"""I don't know what the fuck we'll do when we get to Curtea de Arges, but, hey . . . the name of the game is improvise, right?"""
Are you crazy?
"""The hell you say!"
"Yeah, he's a goner."
"And put that down, you're killing yourself!"
What's the address of this shithole?
He's a morpher.
What did I tell you about playing with other people's shit?
I shot him. I shot Chuck.
"You got the pictures, she can't bullshit you, and that's the end of it."
"If I were you, I'll consider him dead"
She's - - I had sex with Alice.
"Range? I don't wanna blow the arse out of this country, but I don't want anyone blowing a raspberry either."
I don't give a shit! And I don't care what you think of him.
"""Committee be hanged!"""
I am so damn cold.
We did some crazy shit.
I'll get Micah my damn self.
They call all Tutsi cockroaches.
You're all liars...
"Vince, you ever go three months without pussy?"
"That's foreign, chum."
A woman... hacked to death with an ax.
A page from Judges to help kill a judge.
He's going crazy to be a congressman.
"Oh, piss off, Harry."
I don't know if I can fuck this woman.
"No, he has every right to hate me, you should hate me."
"You messing with my goddamn good nature, boy."
With a fag.
"This is a wicked murderer, Inspector Neele, and the wicked should not go unpunished."""
"His army controlling the city, all the niggers..."
Fuck off !
"If he killed her, Aziz would prove his loyalty to Ibrahim."
"I see a sad, pathetic, sterile couple with a purchased baby and purchased feelings. It has nothing to do with love..."
Shit! Call Bob Morton.
Is that true- She had her boobs done four times?
You're gonna wave the baggy in front of his face and then flush it down the toilet.
This is fucking insane.
"Well, let's hope you didn't kill her in the process."
"Don't fuck with me, Patrick."
"If prayer's so exalted, why do you kneel in the same room where you sit to shit?"
Or would he just sit there thinking about how his daughter was suffering and beg you to hit him even harder? Fuck it.
You're a failure as a father.
"Um, you'd better be breaking the damn sound barrier, because we need you here right now."
"I am sick of him,"
"But it was that or very poor rats, and you know I only buy from Wee Mad Arthur."
Stop that rat!
Then she wasn't thrown to the ground and killed?
"And tonight, right around the time you were calling me a manipulative jerk, I decided I truly want you."
"Come on, aim at his neck."
Fine! I'll shut up.
I don't know why I even bothered competing in the stupid contest.
"Left you miserable, alone, unhappy."
I hate killin'... and my administration will kill to stop it.
A lesbian with a hard-on.
You look like a half-empty toothpaste.
You haven't got the sense or the balls.
What the hell are you?
"And your centre of gravity, in your ass!"
"Damn, my iPod!"
"Damn, I'm not a museum."
Today's woman is a total mess.
Would you shut up.
Let's all go up to the bar and make fools of ourselves.
"Come on, you stole my goddamn money."
We will take them before last night's beer turns to piss and wakes the devils up.
Maybe we should line up an interview with the sheep pig?
Veil your mind!
"It may be too late for Kyle's mom, but I'm getting some goddamn security."
"Heterosexual, homosexual, it doesn't make any difference."
There's this biker chick... ...that Andy wants to fuck and a guy named Chess... ...an 18-foot cross in my house...
I've never seen anything like this. - Holy shit.
Yeah... only not so fucking secret..cos when you crawl through there you see the back of the boxes and they've all been ripped open and there's hundreds of pairs of jeans just hanging out...
"You got another fucking beer, man? Shh."
"Your old man, Luke... ...he wasn't much good for sticking around... ...but, dammit, he made me laugh."
"We, the Black Ram Heavy Cavalry... ...must lend our courage to the entire empire! Kill them all!"
He's totally awkward and smart in the least attractive way.
"Yes ... yes ... reclining on his couch, surrounded by naked maenads.'"
Why the hell would you do that?
Amanda would have had my ass.
"Ivan is an embarrassment, Lieutenant."
"That bitch housekeeper of yours who wouldn't let me in, because who knows what your mother told her."
And your sister is a mean person.
Damn the Atreides!
Shit. - Where d'you think you're goin'?
"And it's a damn shame, 'cause that bathroom I was building was gonna be something special."
Go get Wendy and Danny and get the fuck out of here.
Someone really should just put him out of his misery.
Sara is like a tornado in heels and you're...
"Like I said, all damn night, baby! Now drink up!"
"Oh, shit!"
"Blade shows up, saves my arse."
"Shit, putting me in an awkward position..."
"To the inmates, you're Jensen Ames, the new grease monkey."
"Hey, get these guys the fuck out of here."
I'm not fuckin' scared of you!
"They're awful, Declan..."
"Shit, 80% of the state is underwater."
Every damn morning.
You'd have been spread all over the damn field... like strawberry jam.
It has to be his liver.
A killing machine designed for one thing.
No. That nigga hit me with a shovel.
Who gives a shit?
We fucked right here!
"Hey, shut up. Listen, they can hear really well."
That's it. Tell him I want you both the fuck outta here by Sunday or I'll call the police.
What piss you?
He says don't paint her. Don't fucking paint her.
Turns out female Shelly is a real sloppy ho.
"After you die, you'll see nought!"
They are. Except they're poison.
How about I do the trash and you make the call on the next stop?
You guys don't have sex on Tuesdays?
Women that age have a lot of baggage.
"""Damned if you didn't make it."" he said, touching the tip of my blade with his own."
"""Listen to me, meathead, okay."
Or blow him up with the most powerful explosive you can use.
ROGER: Keep your hands off my thighs!
I'm gonna spend the rest of my life being Geoffrey Thorne's murderer.
Now kiss me. I wanna make somebody mad.
"""and I hope he'il reside with us... ""and improve our general fucking atmosphere..."
Fuck.
They said they'd come backand we could all live here... ...if you agreed not to tease themor make them do stupid tricks.
"Go home, weirdo."
"Shit smart, too clever to be a spy."
I'd like to paint you.
But there's not one American painter in the whole goddamn show.
What on earth are you doing? how to kill you?
He might after all last no longer than the time it would take one of Sinter's police assassins to shoot him.
Rats.
"Holy crap, it's a setup."
I saw how my sister fucked.
"Oh, I need a man like I need a hole in the goddamn head, but..."
I'd rather go to jail for life than hear you say one more fucking word.
"Fuck off, Rocky!"
"Now, goddamn it, the Admiral got up at dawn for this!"
"Hey, you jerks from Velrans!"
You give my officials urine?
Then he's a damn sight better officer than Miller.
I don't think you heard a damn word that I said.
They were fuckin' great.
"I felt a sudden and amazingly strong urge to rip the magazine out of her hands, tear it in two, and throw the pieces in her face."
Your position is absurd.
How do you fucking live with yourself? - (dial tone)
"Each one a junkie, and each junkie a snitch."
You guys have no sense of humor.
But I wore that wristband everywhere and the guy is a complete phony!
"Don't play the sick man with me, Mr Morton."
You You lose you suck me off.
Gonna shoot sparks out of my head and lightning from my fingertips!
"This is just un-fucking-believable, man."
I spent my entire adolescence whacking off to porn and now-
This is completely ridiculous.
"If you like blood, you can be a Slicer.”"
Do you know how crazy you sound?
"""Jonathan, you look like the kind of guy who gets what he wants, and damn the consequences."
The principalwas shot and killed.
"Maybe you're in the middle of a storm, a big fuckin' storm."
What the hell is going on down there?
You should fuck off now while you still got the legs to carry you.
Another hoodlum dashed around the corner of the store on Eddie's side and saw Eddie waiting for him with a grin on his bloody face.
"You had sex with her, what, ten times, 20 times?"
She's never gonna whisper in my freaking ear ever again!
"“Just get me back to that venal, corrupt surface, and I promise you can crawl into the deepest shithole you can find and I’ll never come looking for you, ever.”"
I love you. and you know what a dipshit I can be sometimes... What's the big deal?
The newest meme is pulling the shirt out to look like boobs.
To push my face into his back.
"She was nuts on public-houses, was England’s Virgin Queen."
I can't fucking take it anymore.
How the hell did slippery Dick Miller miss that?
"I think the wound must have scrambled your Preacher's brains, son."
You've got more hormones than a teenage boy.
"That girl that you're with, you'll knock her up."
"Amy, I need a shit."
What a fuckin' mess.
"If they had, I'd have told them to bugger off."
"Shit, no."
You're a serpent.
"The American woman reporter would take me away from sex, not go to bed with me."
This shit got out of hand.
"""Well, he's nasty."
Tell the fucking truth.
"Let's go catch this killer, shall we?"
"God, it sucks you had to see it."
I can't pull the damn lever.
"I lived on the road... Took, uh, crap jobs that nobody else wanted."
That's why I'm here.Bullshit!
..Melancholy that's followed me like a black dog all my life...
"Sentries, firing on goats."
So a Russian agent is going to kill the Russian president? Is that it?
Open that damn gate.
Utterly useless?
What a strange beast you've become.
And his strange and ugly raffishness and omšelost.
"""And break your reckless little necks,"" said Kitiara under her breath."
She tried to give herself a lobotomy with a knitting needle... ...and bled to death on the floor of her cell.
"Yes, getting hooked on mega-desk Was my own damn fault."
"All right, relax, put the fucking gun down, Tommy."
"If you were to fall, Hephaistion, even if Macedonia were to lose a king... ...I will avenge you... ...and follow you down to the house of death."
That's bullshit Rudi!
What you think a nigger's gonna get a job?
"And when you turn all the rest of this shit in, you gonna have to owe about $1000."
I'm gonna enjoy fucking with you all summer.
"""I wish Ms. Minchin ""knew what an evil bitch Kathryn really is."
She's hounding me to tell her that you had sex with some girl.
"Flee. The bastard stole my wallet, too."
"'Cause if I found out somebody taking pictures of Grace like this, I'd go to their house and I'd kill them."
So Frankie can kill him.
"Hey, what the fuck?"
It was as if her doctor had metamorphosed into a demon.
I hope you get hit in the face.
"MEMNON: You are fearful, weak."
"""Don't be silly!"""
You gotta fucking help me
"As long as horny old men can bed sweet young girls half their age,"
"You don't come outta here now, I'm gonna blow this door down !"
Surphanaka is the one with the really ugly nose. Surphanaka.
"Some disgusting wildebeest with three days of razor-stubble, in a sleeveless muumuu, crammed in next to you in a carload full of groceries from the fucking Price Club!"
"Your mother's been out all day, half the fucking night!"
How do you know all that shit about me?
For three slaps.
I'm gonna get shit-faced and forget the shame you caused me.
And the trash-talking?
And this attitude is your whole damn problem.
Gods of this place will destroy you on a whim.
"I swear to God,if you had something to do with this, you better hope that somebody other than me comes to arrest your ass."
"You're creepy as hell, but you are good."
"What I am is a fan of Godl ...a serpent-headed demon, shaking you by the...."
It was a goddamn fender bender.
Just because some rapper's got a white buddy... ...doesn't mean thathe's Sidney fucking Poitier.
"You know, barricades and shit."
Why... why can't this crazy bitch get it through her head?
"Man, how 'bout you shut the hell up and let me work out!"
"Well, I knew it wasn't you, because when Fiona cut your throat, you died."
I'll be damned if he takes the easy way and dies before I can get at him.
"How was a person eat like you eat (rubbish), and look like your look?"
"That fucked him up so much, now he's after me."
It must have been much like this when that foolish boy Henry VIII. was courting his little Anne.
Suddenly everybody wants to shoot everybody!
"So, as you can clearly see, it wasn't... excrement, it was chocolate."
"Goddamn, how does this time travel work?"
"I mean, there's a bunch of dumb hmucks out there trying to open a restaurant, so... you know, tom, I've tasted your pizza, and I have to be perfectly honest with you."
They got by on 97 percent adrenaline and three percent bullshit.
"'Yes, but I grow at a reasonable pace,' said the Dormouse: 'not in that ridiculous fashion.'"
Because it's fucked up.
Come down here and I'll smash your glasses.
"He's quite a wretch, but a very dear friend We were in the same college. Can you give me his address?"
Why'd you buy this giant clown wine?
They want to kill my baby!
You wasted eight fucking aprons on this guy.
I didn't freak out like this when you told me how many girls you fucked !
What the hell happened to you?
"You know, I mean, everybody's parents fuck them up."
Set fire to a village in Rwanda.
Throw it on the ground.
The key is to put it all in your groin and your back.
Somebody shot him in the chest.
Just close enough to throw the net on the stupid bear!
Well that was one goddamn hell of a show.
She can control fucking zombies!
Let's find something else to shoot.
You're shitting me.
"My hair was shit. Yes, I was."
"If you contradict us, we'll tell the press you were crazy with grief."
They're not giving my breasts proper support... proper support... proper support... proper support...
Three more will die and there is nothing you can do to save them.
"Get these buckets out of my way, you filthy scum!"
Then we got shit-housed on mamajuana.
I really don't like that dude.
You think every girl's a dope.
SHUT UP!!!
Gun down.
It's ridiculous.
She still with that Danish prick?
Tom is a damn fine cop.
Chef Ramsay is a mess.
"Not yet, Lump."
Then he returned to his place upon his brainless servitor.
I bet you can't even play chess like a real disabled man.
Don't be a fool.
Shut up! You never loved me!
"Gary, you didn't kill your brother. Those gorillas did."
We think Costello's got a rat in the state police.
"Enemy's sleeping, don't slit that throat."""
"Yeah, just move your stupid scooter before I pick it up and throw it in the Dumpster."
Listen to me. –Shit!
Why the hell did I do business with you?
And then Richard might get a bullet in the army.
"This black guy, got a fucking pigeon on his shoulder."
They all get killed.
I can masturbate to whomever I like.
You seriously telling me we're going to waste this shit-hot hotel room?
"For God's sakes, Sheldon, you're driving me crazy!"
How much is a pig here?
Maybe I'm embarrassed because you talk on the phone with your crotch.
"-What kind of nonsense is that- --You shut up! You must know about how, three days ago, the woodland area near Metro South turned into a desert in an instant, right?"
So what the hell were you doing there?
"She may have been a great singer, but she was a lousy human being."
"Well, I ate some crap and I spent all my money."
"""Not very damn much,"" the pilot said."
#Just kick your #
"I don't want either one of you, and you really missed out, because I spent a semester in France, and I do stuff American girls think is gross."
"So what, you keep this in your glove compartment and just splash it on a salami sandwich and then splash some on your behind?"
The 3rdnipple was a sign of sexual virility.
"They consign all Atreides to the left hand of the damned, to the Woman-Sun which is full of burning."""
"Peter, that's a prostate exam."
"The moment he sent that message, he became worthless to you."
It's friggin' gosford park!
"No, he doesn't have a damn bomb."
I'm sorry he got you involved in this nonsense.
"No, Claire, don't be stupid, There are over a hundred notebooks,"
There are two kinds of folks who sit around thinking about how to kill people: psychopaths and mystery writers.
I've heard about a half dozen lies come out of your mouth already.
"But hypocrisy gave privileged people, including priests, a certain leeway."
"Damn, what if we really unite soon?"
"There's nothing wrong with these, This is real good shit,"
Stay with us as long as you damn please
You sounded insane on the phone.
I was thinking about saving my ass.
Before they died... ...they killed that gator fromthe inside by punching out his heart.
"""Dammit,"" said Tung, glared at Miles, and pointed to the comm."
You're gonna feel strong pressure from inside your rectum.
"These symbols-- the mitre, the pentacle star-- even someone as ignorant... and degenerate as you... can sense that they course with energy and meaning."
Hit him till he finds his feet.
Don't let this mother-killer get away unscathed.
"Viagra. We're looking For a white woman In her mid-30s,"
Because our girl... Our girl was A fucking amputee.
The Air Force doesn't answer a damn question.
You managed to kill it with one conversation.
"Let's kill her first, then ask questions later."
I want him out of here.
They tried to drag my ass to Vietnam.
"Indeed, one-third of Democrats have at various times told pollsters that they will not vote for a black candidate."
"No, I'm gonna go back to Pasadena, and rob that bank."
"Hermes, hang up on him in the rudest possible manner."
"They gave her the wrong anaesthetic, they killed her and her kid, and you caught 'em."
Keeping Hanna from walking away with Max the moppet from hell.
Burn her at the stake?
Not being able to leave my house without wondering if some coward is gonna sneak up behind me and...
"You'd do anything to feel that way again, even if it meant killing someone."
If Owney was in Washington we wouldn't have this shit in Europe.
"Had my tissue of lies touched some residual spot of emotion buried deep within the alcohol-sodden, sadistic flesh of his repulsive body?"
What the hell are you doing?
"Oh, don't be daft! Is that like a sequel?"
"Oswald's gonna fire my ass when he finds that tanker empty, man."
"That motherfucker Kick-Ass burnt down my warehouse and killed my men, Gigante."
"""Who the hell is this?"" Captain Aleksandrov wondered aloud."
Make me make love to you.
You can't fucking prove anything!
Night Bitch! Behind you!
You had sex with Natalie.
Get the fuck inside!
"T ell me, these gypsies, did they curse her as well?"
"Stu was calm, capable, and most of all he was not what her father would have called ""twenty pounds of bullshit in a ten-pound bag."""
Who the hell do you think you are?
"Lauren has been giving me shit about seeing girls and, like, dating them or of anything more than just hooking up with them since I got here."
Get the fuck outta the way!
"Stop, girl, or I'll go crazy."
"Mmm, these'll kill anything."
Then you are useless to me.
This isn't fucking Yale.
"Oh, go light the goddamn candle."
A prostitute who disappeared in Ånge and showed up at a construction site.
"Its fat. flabby body leaked out between pieces of flashy, pretentious armor."
You turned me against her and got me to have sex with you.
"Hell, even the President gets on TV and tells corporations and the rich to suck eggs."
How does he get fucked every time?
And falling for your mother's girlfriend lsn't that pathological?
Get the hell out of here!
I'd hang up on you.
Very sick.
Your dad's a bum!
"It's what you are, Jason ? a killer."
The blacks were in bed.
My client was screwed at trial.
"Steven, how could you not know your friend was a hobo?"
It sounds more like one of Phil's disgusting jokes to me.
Nobody ever gave me their damn time.
"Stop it. Stop it, you old ruin."
So you're gonna leave Crystal the fuck alone.
I've been busting my ass trying to make this magazine into something for our future.
Dammit. Um...
"You ready to go back to the station, get our asses whupped?"
"Shit. Okay, I'm gonna go get dressed."
Get that shit in the bag.
Why the hell didn't I think of taking her to that damn show?
Got some great birds. - No shit.
Open the fuckin' door!
"Restraining order don't mean crap, and you know it."
"If she proclaimed her innocence, he would beat her."
"I can't even remember the last time I went to a show. - Fuck, man."
"""You remain a woman, a foreigner, and—if you will forgive the term—an 'infidel.'"
I got this yonki Quentin Norris to kill Slocum.
"Make it stop, it hurts so fucking bad."
I'd like to crash with you.
He's an animal.
"'Damn well ensuring that the battle will be fraught with sorcery,' Dujek muttered."
"We'll kill him first, then have tea and biscuits."
Since when do you give a fuck about a communion?
That shit just does not happen to me.
"Now I've done it, I've cut the dickens out of my finger."
"He's a white supremacist, runs a gang that's been robbing banks up and down the coast."
"To hear Haven tell it, I'm the most bloodthirsty maniac since Vlad the Impaler."
"Hogg, if you they with a hand then I stop touch An apple in you snap and my boot in your crack."
"Really, clinically nuts."
"If it were Erika down there, you wouldn't be such a suck-ass right now!"
"What'd you say your name was? You're dead, fucker."
The only way out is that valley that leads east... but I wouldn't wish that on a broke-dick dog.
He who has crossed to evil is as good as dead!
Want to deflower me?
"Tell the lads we want maximum aggression and a lot of arrests, and if the shooting starts we're going to shoot back, plenty of rounds."
Stop eating that shit!
We don't have time for your personality disorder.
"Hi. I'm, uh-- You're patrick!"
"Donna was the sacrifice the Devil had been waiting for, and all the powers of Hell would flow through Abaddon the moment he devoured her."
"She touched claw tips to his jeans, over his groin."
You've been talking to senile old coots.
"Which is better, because now all evidence that a boy called me is in the trash."
Don't fucking shoot any...
That meal was a freaking disaster.
"Does she call up her son and her bitch of a daughter-in-law, tell them she's changed her mind about Riverview Estates and wants to go there after all?"
We're pathetic. How will we ever lose our virginity by graduation?
Not in the fucking face.
But the guy's father he's not going to stop until he's killed me.
I'm gonna go get in Gavin's head.
"A quartet of indifferently talented musicians sawed at their instruments in one corner, and gaily-dressed thieves and whores circled the floor in the mincing steps of the latest dance."
Farmers don't fight. Piss off!
Which Ann is screaming like a maniac?
"Damn it, I did lose my bag."
"I'll bet he bores the shit out of neighbours and relatives: ""'Sam's got a big case."
But I do not need someone who knows how to kill.
"""So damn sexy, funny,"""
"Well, sir, you're in luck, because we are those ass kissers."
"But we'il have the last laugh tonight, artwhore!"
"Lfyou'd given me the chance, I'd have taken him like a shot."
Did you wash your ass today?.
"Wait a minute, nigga."
"""Poor bastards,"" Vinck said."
I will turn you all into beasts of burden!
That why you do all that yoga crap?
What kind of man would fuck a crazy maniac like you?
Are you fucking someone else?
"What the hell are we, a goddamned focus group?"""
Help me get this fuckin' door open.
I just want to say I had been unruly before and I said you are an useless cop.
"One cock may satisfy ten hens, but ten men cannot satisfy one woman!"
if I had to do it over... ...I'd still hit that shot.
Just come home and fuck everything up.
I could be replaced by a cannonball.
What in the heck?
I'm gonna strangle myself.
"They surround themselves with sycophants and yes-men and people to whisper nice shit into their ears—and a lot of them start believing it, because they want to believe it."
"His touch moved down, over her stomach, past her groin, to hoist up her skirt and retrace its steps."
It's going to do some fucking damage.
I had a lot of time to kill.
It was the shot he needed.
"On the main stage, our lost little pussycat."
"You need someone to hold your hand while you die, and you chose me."""
Fuck it. You seriously not wearing any underwear?
Stupido! And I've a bachelor's taste for freedom.
Where the hell is the German?
"Yes, yes, if there's a device, you must go, but otherwise, you're in charge of keeping this prize-winning chump out of harm's way."
"I swear, we are the only ones who cannot keep up with this crap."
"Great ass... Dale, what a pleasant surprise."
"Look, I don't give a shit whether you made your peace with it or not."
"Now you must burn this palace, with me inside it."
She's a fuckin' junkie.
"Darn, I forgot your orange juice."
It takes more than one rough landing to kill me.
"What the fuck do you mean, an alliance?"
"Okay. One mistake, and you could end up as sick as he is."
"So back off, or do what you always do for me, pull out some damn positives."
We aremerely cockroaches with good tailors.
"Take a dozen of your best men, track him down, kill him....and bring her back to me !"
So why do you look so miserable lately?
"No, it's Bigfoot, the mythical creature that's responsible for countless hours of shitty programming on the Discovery Channel."
One little mistake and I'm a bloody bellhop.
Wes hangs himself.
He's a real ragamuffin.
"He looked him up and down: a small, thin, withered-looking stick of a man in his middle to late twenties, with the face and eyes of a weasel."
"Quagmire, could I stay on your gross couch?"
37 ! My girlfriend sucked 37 dicks! - in a row ?
"Come on, hit him!"
"We have some fucked-up barometer for success, don't we?"
"Damn it, Ted, I've worked out this whole thing where the golden rule is ""Love thy neighbor,"" so just..."
"Probably has a lot of crap in there that we need to know, too, like positions, techniques, angle of insertion."
Are you crazy? Who wouldn't want the drugs?
Wutra is a phagor.
It'd be cheaper to fill the tank with Nobel Prize winners' sperm.
I don't give a shit if she hears it or not.
"This isn't about police, arresting, all that nice shit. This is about me knowing what I have to and that you gotta tell me."
What kind of sick fucking head game are you playing?
Who is your car? - Negro.
"It'll be a ""suck it, Angelo"" spa party."
Just like your loser dad.
"You are not built like a student, more like a student's wet nurse!"
How gay ?
"Your payout's meant to support you in your retirement, not invest in the fucking surf business."
"Not to insult your intelligence, sir, but if the shit hits the fan, please don't fire out the Humvee. The round will just bounce around, and someone might get shot."
He wasn't likely to encounter anyone who could call him a bald-faced liar.
Why did you tell Brian that I was your fuck buddy?
They're killing me.
"""You've got nasty, suspicious minds, haven't you?"""
"Threaten a police officer so I can hit you with a warrant and find out you're juicing on steroids, because, as we all know, that can make a sane man go into a homicidal rage, and you are anything but sane."
I even come and visit you. - Fuck you!
Pomalidomide is present in human semen.
What the hell do you want my autograph for?
"We found a bunch of fat doe fuckers... ...and we're getting them emptied."" - Fat does emptied?"
"His body, his mind, his instincts are all designed to do one thing - to kill."
"Jesus, you can be such a fucking prude."
Female names always lead to porno sites.
He's a serial killer.
Everything in this house will die.
I'll throw you all mother fuckers $25 a week...
"This foolishness with the girl, Malachi."
So let me join the family that killed our Boss.
Did he put that gun to your head?.
"Oh, a weird lady tried to give Penny a ride... but she wouldn't have anything to do with trashy people like them."
That woman bled all over me.
Who the fuck's gonna know I got $2 million in my car?
There are times I could cheerfully strangle him.
"I got the shit kicked out of me, Albert. That's what happened."
A street thug.
I know good people... ...who say there is something wrong with us... ...inside our black skin. That we were better off when the white man ruled.
We ain't had nothing but maggoty bread for three stinking days.
Would you believe that this whole damn country is bein’ held for ransom and we’ve got till noon tomorrow to pay up?
What the fuck are you?
"I'm in charge of the infrastructure, you arrogant prick!"
"Because, you know, some women can look a little fake and plasticky."
"Okay, well, we're going to a small town called Fairlake. It was founded in 1814 or some shit like that."
I should have died with the old world.
"""A Pervert!"" gasped Higgens."
"Dad felt so bad about what happened with grandpa Arnold that he not only posed for the family picture, he decided to throw a party so the rest of Natesville could welcome Arnold home. ♪ For he's a jolly gay fellow ♪ for he's a jolly gay fellow... ♪"
So me and mine gotta lay down and die so you can live in your better world?
"But Albn is thirty-three years dead, cut down in a stupid battle which had nothing to do with him."
Everyone says it stinks.
Then you can all get back to your suck fest.
"Shut, shut up."
The nonsense you told me about membranes...
Like fuckin' King Midas in reverse here.
Get the hell out of here
What the hell is the matter?
Hey. Open your mouth!
"He says he doesn't know his father, but he's workin' in the same exact goddamn field his father did."
Be a beast!
"This ain't funny, dog ."
They could destroy her.
"It wouldn't be proper for me to sit at your table, they with their bellies stuck to their backbones."
Strike him out quick.
You sit in your little fuckin' house with your little wife and your baseball games and you think nothing's gonna touch you.
Why kill them?
Take me to where they can make me unconscious and naked.
Life just bores the shit out of you people.
I will enjoy turning him into a monkey's breakfast.
"They were South American musicians wearing dark sunglasses, who everybody knows are drug addled criminals."
Get your ass down !
This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers.
"That's nice. You gay, her father. It's nice."
"Until I hear back, it'd be damn stupid to fix on any plan. There's only one plan."
I don't give a damn about this Bunny.
"Because he's a sniper, and that means a comfortable kill zone for him includes distance."
She did nail him behind your back.
Did you fuck him?
"Come on, jer. What are you talking about?"
But these weren't the Lycans we know disgusting as your brethren may be ... ... they at least are evolved No these were raging monsters
"Settle down, call anywhere home, and you would starve to death."
An elf-witch... ...of terrible power.
"Not exactly a pussy wagon. - No, but it's great for families. - Hi, Laerke."
Came into his house while it was surrounded by guards and cut his throat.'
It's fucking eerie.
I have been carting around your damn luggage since Denver!
Now he's back with all you Cath'lics and Jews!
I'm not gonna fucking run.
"You find her a dumpster, she'll make you a feast."
It's probably Charlie Gereson again with his damn ear mites.
"If you lose the last game of the season, nobody gives a shit."
Forget that crap.
"At the same time, he was working on a grandiose plan for gathering damaging information on the university, but this seemed stupid; seen from this lecture hall, American Megaversity looked pretty much the way it had in the recruiting literature."
What the fuck did I do?
I've been using a very creative accountant recently released from jail - to manage what I call the suck fund!
There nobody can sell or rent to a Jew.
"Well, what the hell is it?"
And don't go playing that fucking radio.
"I could sling fifty cents of nickels outside this car and hit ten fighters, ain't one that can fuck with Hammerman."
You think I want to sit up here with these losers?
"Look, I don't know what the hell your problem is... ...but you do not want to tick me off right now."
That is fucked up.
You are one of the only people I know who is less weird as a ghost than you are as a person.
"Terrence always said you were the worst one. Because with all the shit going on around you, you choose not to see."
"If he killed her, Aziz would prove his loyalty to Ibrahim. No."
"Liz, you fool."
We're going to destroy Suzuran!
"I’m sure you said a lot of nice shit to her before then, man."
Then just get the fuck out of here.
"Not that sissy kind. We're going '70s style. We're playing wooden rackets, knee socks."
We are on the verge of a race riot. And you're asking me about the governor's sex life?!
She wanted to tattoo my name on her tit. - Yes.
My boobs.
And now the nipples are all I see.
What kind of sick joke is this?
There's enough to hang him already.
"Dad, seriously? Gross."
What the fuck happened?
Couldn't want a better death.
Should we watch some porn?
Before fucking carvel closes.
"First, give him a nasty look Then, grab his wrist and lock his shoulder."
Ugly way to go... choking to death in a hotel toilet halfway around the world from home.
The famous Aidan McRory in prison. What a ludicrous day...
How the hell do you let a three-year old girl climb into a raptor?
You seem... how do I know you're not just some crazy person?
"Listen, laddie, just because we're street dogs doesn't mean we're daft."
Kill the lights!
He's the sick one!
"That's why I need more bitches like you, nancy."
How do you even work this stupid thing?
"If you don't tell me, I'll go crazy."
"Yeah. If we have wild sex tonight, it would only complicate things."
"I gotta get it back, or Mike Fagle's gonna pound the crap out of me."
"A more scrawny, pitiful specimen of humanity one could hardly conceive."
"""Damn right I do."
Don't fucking embarrass me in front of everyone.
They sound like a queer mob.
"Shall I prick him, sir?"
"They'd have done it twice the same day, I expect, were they not afraid of killing me."
I just thought you might want an old pair of shitty shoes from the '80s.
MAN: Let's get the fuck out of here.
"And don't be talking shit about your mother, - she wasn't perfect, but she was... - She was a good lay?"
Your grandmother sucking face was blocking my view.
"He is old, weak."
"I'm president of the TV, and you can't do nothing about it, Pussy."
All her religious crap...?
"No, now I feel bad for setting your bikini on fire."
"You wear this, And you'll have to beat the men off with a stick."
"""That thing ain't gonna work fo' shit an we bofe know it,"" Detta said."
"Let's cut the bullshit, Arthur."
Now we kill our young men with robots.
"No, this is called shit talking, and you will catch on very quickly."
You used to make fun of chicks like me.
I did fuck you.
"He's trying to fight it, but if we don't find him fast... Typical selfish wanker."
He could kill Ceska - of that there was no doubt.
Isn't that the opposite of having sex? Are you?
Donnie got beat up by a lab monkey.
MONGOL WHO WANTED TO DESTRO Y TANGUT KINGDOM
L... I should kick this mofo but I gotta be honest with you.
That creature needs to be eliminated in a way that feels believable to them.
You villain!
A reliable source from inside Palmer's campaign... ...confirmed just moments ago the Senator was unharmed by the blast. Damn it!
Unless you want to break your neck.
Its hard for you to understand... ... to be with somebody and then fucking leave.
Haven't you ever seen boobs before?
You stab straight through the armpit directly into the heart.
"If you don't, they'll cut me."
I can hit on her and you can't.
Poor bastard.
He's so too sucky.
"Well, Mr. Belvedere, it's gonna be one fucked-upwedding."
Better lay off Armenian women.
You gonna fart in this airtight booth all night?
"Well, that sucks for you."
"We get out ofthis shit, you do as you please, all right?"
"Fucking victory tacos, dude."
"Says here that he is ""socially and sexually incompetent."""
What the hell... agreed.
"Honey, the Sophomore Sluts have been around since the beginning of time."
"You take away the makeup, the clothes... ...the way she wears her hair, the smell of her perfume... ...that cute face she makes when she's tonguing my balls..."
Carbo wishes to avenge his family's honour and kill this Quintus.
You better fucking take care of this.
Never heard of fucking X erxes.
"You're either the most romantic guy I've ever met, or you're completely full of shit."
"Come down here, and I'll smash your glasses."
"This is the moment where 50 CSA commandos storm in take you, your pretentious accent your jackass sideburns to the Federal pen where, guess what?"
Everybody shoots everybody.
She looks like she got punched in the face.
And stayed with a German girl with braids and big boobs!
"Its easy to kill thomeone, and almost impossible to bring them back again."
"Once on the bridge, he paced its length, back and forth, and cursed himself for a coward."
Bruno told me you're in big fucking trouble with Frank.
She and her pack of Were trash burned down my sister's salon.
But why do they look so miserable?
Live free or die.
I'll leave everybody the hell alone.
What the fuck?
"All right, no noise or we're gonna have 2000 soldiers crawling up our ass."
"A lump of a man, with a face that looked to have been bruised so many times it'd never lose the stain."
Luisa’s mother is real sick.
"It's good you have a future somewhere, because at CU, you're dead."
Put that idiot on a horse.
You don't need business plans or charts or pictures or any of that bullshit.
She's definitely a criminal of some kind.
So trust me when I tell you your father is dead.
"The people of Jersey City need highways just as... Jersey City, my balls!"
"Let me take all the blame, all the scandal, all the ugliness away from you."""
Get off my fucking horse!
So where the fuck is it?
Bullshit. You were asleep there in a coma on the Couch.
Damn! Rob and Kristina heading out for Ometepe.
Can't you see that man is a nig?
"No, it come, a girl, but it's sickly."
"Fruits of your labor, eh, Rat?"
Gods in hell...
Lousy American.
"Yeah, well, I also killed six guys with a cop's gun."
"Yes, attack them and spear them."
Silly of me.
I'm fucking sick of you yelling all the time!
"See, I knew some shit was goin' on."
God. I hope they didn't notice what a jerk I am.
Or we'il smash your teeth in.
Fucked her for the first time today.
All these fat little cherubs and angels with furry animals.
Son of a bitch.
I want you to punch this piece of paper.
Some idiot nurse had left the door locked to take a coffee break.
"What in the hell, Phil?"
Now...I want this whole ridiculous story Told by one person.
"Tom, what the hell are you feeding those things?"
"""How stupid do you think I am?"" said Ender."
Tell me or we'll wait until you're pissing rocks!
"Hell, the sexes are equal... with their erogenous zones blown sky-high!"
You're saying we should move crap with the power of Zen.
You'll drown the lot of us!
"Don't spout some Elmore Leonard bullshit you just heard... ...because I saw that movie, too."
"Cupid have mercy, not a word?"
"What, you can't speak? what the fuck?"
"No. Well, pretend you're Don Rickles or some-fucking-body and tell a joke, all right?"
The fun part... was hanging themlike cattle.
You should have fucking let him.
Or we're going to dunk you in some holy oil And deep-fry ourselves an archangel.
Maybe the fish enjoy that crap!
I had a solid two weeks out of this joint... and I wasted half that time looking for your sorry ass.
"""I found out later that if I had broken my promise to remain silent, that bastard of a governor in New South Wales would have sent a ship to get them."
"Yes, it's mom's favourite restaurant too So your mother's the Lesbian, yes."
"I'm in the shit here, Your Honor."
"Lewton Cole, a criminal."
"My dad never did shit with his life, so he took it out on me."
They should have beaten you there.
"If I were my father, I'd have you tortured."
Your hair is normally black.
Have you had sex with a man? No.
Tell me why this person You're going to kill tonight must die.
I didn't fucking see him.
And it's called fellatio.
Why the fuck was everything so complicated?
"Destroyed in your love may my life depart."""
She's a Judas Priest.
"The bigger the road, the more walkers, more assholes like this one."
"They're right there! - Oh, shit."
"A cranky, more miserable version of lin."
"Goddamn cats crawling up trees, 5 times 5 is 25...."
"Yeah, well, whatever I lose in financial aid, I'll gain in testicles!"
"Kip: Yeah, things just aren't the same since my loser daughter showed up... ...marital problem. I don't even know why people get married."
"How insane is he to be called, 'Crazy Tiger'?"
It's got your fucking prints.
"Garsh darn, that Wal-Mart sure does have a nice photo shop."
"God, I can't stand those guys."
"It would be a great shame if, one day, your fellows were to be burned at the stake, because you forgot our code."
Damn those TV programmes.
You little brat! You want us to come up there?
"What the hell's the matter with you, Edwin?"
Group B must be leaving garbage and personnel clear across the sky.”
I got some good shit.
You like his cock?
Fourteen years oldand still acts like a knucklehead.
The voters hate aliens.
What the hell are you talking about?
Those boys of mine have been sucking the sexy right out of our marriage.
"I'm not as dumb as you fucking think I am, am I?"
"Huh, boy? You have the guts, boy? - Shut up!"
I knew that boney scoundrel would keep coming after me.
Are you afraid they'il punch me?
Who the hell's this?
"Damn, what are you doing here?"
Its okay. It'ss dead.
'A monster of a man..'
Your arrogance is going to cost you dear.
I won't harm a single hair on your head.
Rich folks been acting all crazy lately.
"You're sick! - I am not immoral, Mrs Jurgens!"
"I felt like everyone else was screwing like rabbits, and that I was the only..."
What kind of guy takes a shit in a high-pressure situation like this?
How in the hell can he be AWOL if he's getting out today?
"So you gonna put that shit on me, right?"
"If Kalvin got HIV through unprotected sex, dad has every right to be pissed!"
Son of a bitch...
"And it was a pussy too, just like you."
"You killed my wife, Michelle Dessler, this morning. He's gonna kill him."
"So if your son has mental issues, You think he should just push through them. You're damn right."
"I think that old Fool of the First Order gave the Sword of Truth to the wrong farm boy, that's what I think."
"And I'm like, ""I'm not being a bitch."
Too butch?
Fuck it. Let's have a drink and forget the whole thing.
"No, three penis wine builds the theater, but it doesn't fill the seats."
Why couldn't you have told me when you had your shit together?
"That's why he's been acting so weird 'cause he's a terrible liar, and he thought he was gonna blow it."
So I need you to turn your ass around and get back in the truck.
That was some religiousnutcase screwing with your mother's head!
Idiot! She was forced to deal with them to save you!
She was in a fucking trance.
"The vic's a white male, multiple gunshot wounds to the chest."
The quickest way to get Derrick out of my life would be to sleep with him.
This ... dirt that your father wrote me.
Nothing more foolish than a man chasin' his hat.
Is that a stupid thing to say?
Shit! What?
"Get her, and throw her down here."
"If you don't do what she wants, I'm going to stop having sex with you and start making love. Love you..."
It does not show up and slap me in the goddamn face.
"Make no mistake, the zombie is a savage soul... with no conscience."
"""What a queer planet,"" I thought."
I don't dirty people because I don't give a shit about a possession charge.
Pig's foot Nothing heavier on the stomach!
Is this another way for the F.B.I. to cover their ass?
Why don't we just include a ticket for the Murder Tour along with the goddamn flyer?
"I would have been a bean-pie eating, mosque-going... walking five steps behind his behind, wearing a burka."
I've barely ever had sex.
Get in the goddamn car.
You know exactly what the fuck you are doing.
Slam your hand in there.
They could be beaten.
The only reason I ever laughed at your jokes was to get pussy.
"They shoot up, the vampires feed."
But you better tell Walsh not to fucking antagonize me or it's gonna get ugly.
I know what Marx meant. You shut up!
I hate your ass too.
Get off my face.
"""The weather outside is shitty."""
"""I, Nikita the Plumber, will do you the favor of your miserable lifetime."""
Just hit her really lightly.
You're too pathetic for words.
"Hey, I guess I really did screw you, huh?"
"Son, menopause is when the stork that brings babies gets shot by drunken hunters."
"Normally Roddy hid the hideous scars, but the crowd's gasps and mumbles sounded immensely satisfying to the wretched bounty hunter."
"Ariane Emory had created him, Ari and Jordan had done his psychsets, and damned if somebody he had never heard of could crack them."
"Yeah, he's a professor of being a dog."
"Bubba, you can't die, you fucker!"
Return with me to Eternia as my slave... and save their despicable lives... or perish with them on this primitive and tasteless planet.
Because they gotta die or win.
Lot of damn nobodies talking about nothing.
They dumb down the game.
They'll skin you alive if you mess with them.
"You, my friend, have become her fluffer."
"Holy fuck, I'm your Butler."
"Dressed to kill, thought Miles joylessly."
The only blood spilled from this point on will be Mutt blood.
"If she ends up dead, none of this is gonna really matter anymore."
She wants to make a flamethrower out of bug spray and set me on fire.
"What do you want, pig?"
You got a name or a serial number or some shit I can call you?
Paige would die.
Forget your mother!
"A lot of hotties,very few ""notties."""
I can still taste that fucking garlic.
This is bullshit.
"If I was 25 and liked cock, we could be something."
'Cause I didn't want to accept that you couldn't live in this world without getting blood on your hands.
You have a fucking pharmacy on your nightstand.
"Well, you did call him a glorified high school science teacher whose last successful experiment was lighting his own farts."
They will try to disguise the difference... ...to make Muslims who speak about religion... ...appear to be fanatics or backward people.
He's a hydrocephalic.
I hated you.
"Instead of 100 million, how about I send you a hobo's dick cheese?"
"Boyd: Well, I suppose I know better than to ask if you are shitting me."
"I borrow money from you because you're the only jerk off around... ...that I could borrow money from without payin' back, right?"
"They suck us in, they blow up, they spit out alternate versions of us... some-thing."""
"And I'd be a hypocrite if I said ""no."" And if you wanna go out with some guy who wears a suit and sells ads for a living, who am I to stop you?"
"Yes, but I scooped it up and snapped it back on because I was not born to have sex with a married man."
"Plus a good start-you won't believe this, Jock, but Boss has the dirtiest mind."
Tell her. I'll be your mother until the day you die.
"Aw, shit. This is all I got, Diane."
I wanna die.
"You knew where the body should be, because you killed him."
"I was on top, then he fucked me from behind."
Made you read a lot of filthy French books.
"At breakfast, I'll be on full alert for room painting and sex weapons."
"You know, I stay here, I might as well retire and die."
"The sparkle had returned to Julia's black eyes, it is true, but she was constantly cudgelling her brains."
"This is like a magical 8-Ball, bowling ball that blows shit up."
"""You get some damn food into you, Mister Framm,"" Marsh said."
Am I gonna be a brainiac or a jock or lazy college senior?
I'm a corporate puppet.
"Now come on, it'll take us all night to search this damn train."
Just get in the fucking car.
That shit would've never happened if Tommy was over there taking care of him.
They make you crazy.
"Blame me all you want, but if we stay here, we'il be captured or killed."
Call an ambulance ! Fuck !
"My father, when I run into him, won't even fucking look at me."
"It's so obvious and it's so one-sided, 'cause I'm not competing with him for your affection, that's ridiculous."
"I would think about him when I was working, when I was drinking, when I was having a shit."
Well that's useless.
One man's trash is another man's treasure.
How about I put it out in your mouth?
I'm supposed to sign custody papers today for this knucklehead.
I want everyone to know Ronnie Barnhardt caught the pervert... not the fucking police.
Age 20 ...and they wouldn't have beenover here killing the Indians
"Do you feel this place makes you more, um, productive? Shut up."
I'm gonna try to flip the baby.
Don't say a fucking word.
"Oh, shit. I'm sorry, Sergeant."
I think it's a fucking disgrace.
It was an order and I must execute it.
I want you out of this place.
yours nude and lifeless.
"Sure, sure, strangling."
"Now, they may be foolish... petty thieves, even drug abusers... but they are not the ruthless bombers who have terrorized Britain for months."
It'll hit the left eyeball.
"You fail that medical next week, I'll bury your ass back in the real world."
"Um, I feel this is amateur hour bullshit."
"Oh, shit. Hey, Vic, Vic, Reyes and his guy are moving."
"Aw, you big, nasty detective."
"""Mr. Starr,"" responded Ford, ""I do not need your ears, but your legs."
"Now, damn it, you force my hand and then you question the way I handle it."
The only thing you have to learn to do is to keep your mouth shut.
"You told me I'd be safe, I don't feel fucking safe anymore"
He and that brute he calls his squire followed our messenger and assaulted him.
We want to get rid of you and the court.
Hey! what the hell do you think you're doing?
"She's veal, and I'm jerky."
"Probably a foolish thing, but couldn't resist."
My wife was the first woman I had sex with.
"Oh, you can call me Pussy now."
"Open it, shitheel!"
We'll all have toasted cat crap.
"""Alex is fucking around and I can prove it."""
"The fact is I regret na having the pleasure of killing him, but the fact is that his blood’s na on my hands."
"You call it off-color, I call it nuts."
I can't believe youwould whack an old woman over the head.
"You know, I give you shit, but you know I'm proud of you, right?"
You want me to take a shot?
Get your ass up against that wall.
"Last of all came the fat kid: he had fresh red bruises on his face, and his lips were moving all the time, as if he were reciting some words to himself, but he was making no sound."
"She was a strutting, posturing annoyance, a foolish, ludicrously inept practitioner of an art that had been mastered by the Mwellrets and their kind centuries ago, before the Druids had even thought to take up the Elven magic as their sword and shield."
"""Why is he making so much foolish racket?"
"You have stiff competition, but I believe you to be the most dishonest man I have ever worked with."
"Who the hell are you, anyway?"
Pigurines are a ceramic lie.
Hate for you to get your mask all nasty.
It's silly to be depressed by it.
You're startin' to sound like my fuckin' father.
They're gonna work together soon. That's big shit.
You'd be foolish to pretend otherwise.
Damn it. Was I wrong?
I had a sex dream about Dave last night.
You're the one who fights like crazy?
"I am a teenager, and this is America, and isn't it way better that I do it here, alone in my room with a glass of wine, rather than at some party, doing Jager shots with some frat-boy date rapist?"
You got a shithouse in Russia?
"Who fucks better, between us?"
"Some fella from Saugus or Milton or Weston up a tree, yelling about a herd of moose, every damn one of em as big as a motorhome."
His life's spark is covered in shite.
They're not gonna tell us shit.
You want a hunk?
"Hal Leuco fed you a line of bullshit, and now they're using you, Walter."
"Watch where you're walking, asshole!"
Can you stop Papa from marrying a horrible stepmother?
"Three months without pussy, E."
Fuck.
They were going to burn me.
"In the corridors of E13S, Terrorists wandered like decapitated chickens."
"Yeah. Fuck me, baby."
"I came here in 1998 on a damn bus from Chickasaw County, Mississippi."
Yeah. I should be dead already.
All you've got to do is tell us when he's gonna play his chump.
Ketchup. Ketchup. Stupid Americano!
"She's giving my palm the finger, the dirty broad."
"OK, you can kick it."
That thug!
Then take a blood sample from your wife.
"Get out of the car, you little repeat offender."
"You're wasted, Arthur."
"You call me fat, look at yourself."
They want a fucking war?
"Yeah it was, so fucking what?"
"Christ, a live damn sex act."
Wouldn't it be better to send out a night party... ...grab this Hellish Dragon and... ...and spike him?
Destroy the walls immediately!
"I have told my associates, who have done me the favor of letting me make this phone call, that I am practically certain you will tell us to go to hell; and since nothing gives you more pleasure than to prove me wrong, here’s a chance for some good clean fun."
But also vain and selfish.
Now I gotta relive this shit?
Like give you an erection?!
That baby is lethal.
All I'm worried about Is how to spend the rest of my days after I've driven Every last bastard demon back to where it belongs.
"Yeah, you bet your ass they had fun."
One minor subspace disruption and you're dead.
"...or jerking off,mostly to my English teacher."
"Gettin' my beach on, singing the beach song, hoping that a crab doesn't nibble my balls."
"General, the guy walked into your camp, blew the place to shit and walked out with the girl."
"I told him this was a stupid idea, and now we're stuck out here in the middle of nowhere."
Get on the motherfucking ground.
Get off of me!
"And after... ... you see fucking fireworks, supernovas."
"Well, I fucking need $5 million."
"You wanted the freak to show your doctor chums, make a name for yourself."
I am not illich or Carlos or the Jackal or whoever the fuck else!
They shoot first and worry about the political fallout later.”
"He's so black, I feel like I'm in a sensory deprivation tank when he's on top of me."
Get a shot on the other side!
He's captured Tweedle-dum and Tweedle-dumber.
So why haven't you stabbed her? - I took a knife.
It's all our profits from the whorehouse plus a couple extra hundred from individual whores.
"You're not gonna do anything stupid, are you?"
"I mean, he's... he's completely incompetent."
I'll knock you out!
"When I walked in, he wasn't wearing shit."
You nearly got us bloody killed.
"Antoine, what the hell has gotten into you?"
"Shit, Doc, I'll give you the lift."
I began to smile at the stupid simplicity of the request.
It's a special friend who you fuck.
World went to hell while you were gone.
"With a dirty, wide, evil law-enforcing smile."
But your biggest flaw is... You suck at throwing away your secret lists.
"""Damned"" isn't just a word."
"Hey, sorry about givin' you so much shit this year."
"Sardines was one of the older rats, but most of the time you wouldn't know it."
Today is the day I am totally gonna beat your mom.
"Bull-shit. If you're truly my friend, you leave that alone."
"Always smelling his stink and always seeing the world the way things like him must see it, in shades of gray and red."
"Just stop giving me any fucking hope, okay?"
No swinging-dick private in this platoon's gonna graduate... ...until they get this obstacle down to less than ten fucking seconds!
"Well, congratulations numb nuts... -"
"You're on the hook for murder, bud."
"Let go, you fool, I'm your father!"
Are you ready to have your mind blown?
"Oh, yeah, and kiss you... And have sex with you."
I thought she was a retard.
"Chrono would not socialize well with other children, and his reputation for dealing with life courageously and directly was so bad that only a few very foolish and very pretty little girls were attracted to him."
Paid him to tie a tail to his ass and run around half-naked making monkey sounds.
He's got blood in his lungs and they're filling up and there's fuck all in here that I can use to stop it.
"Sarah thought it was idiotic, and Casimir couldn't understand it at all."
"We think they're trying to set us up as patsies, Ma."
"George Kellogg, you've been a pain to me all my life!"
These men are convicted killers and fugitives.
It's guys who lie about getting their shit together.
"Yep, the filthy-rich dude, that's me."
I guess I must have just been brainwashed by the media... and all those years of medical training. - Damn right.
A criminal terrorist... ... is hiding a radioin the ghetto... ... in defiance of regulations.
"Maybe you want me to pray to asklepius, who healed wounds with the blood of gorgons, or aphrodite or artemis or any other of this rubbish!"
Let's try getting ahead and cutting her off.
"And while I don't believe anyone... let alone the bastard son of Shen can bring me harm, legend claims that the one thing that can stop me is the weapon on your back in the chosen one's hands."
"""You laugh at thothe people who have vhat you call invinthible ignoranthe, Tham."
"""I don't know if I'm the only one, ""but you could cut the air in here with a fuckin' knife."
You fucking don't believe nobody.
"I suppose it must look awfully black against Jackie, ... but I just know she wouldn't commit cold-blooded murder."
"Once upon a time, near a shitty little town, there was a farmer who fell in love with a white witch."
Who is this motherfucker?
What the fuck will you do?
"Oh, fuck! Ow, ow, ow!"
"""I'm fine, except for the damned itching."""
Hit me back.
Then don't fight him like a hoodlum down here in the jungle... because that's just what he wants!
"Struck down by a weak, pathetic, inferior being."
"If they have a good personality and they are not great looking, then who fucking cares ?"
We'll just get screwed even worse if we listen to Ukki'sadvice.
You've been doing the same shit since I hired you.
It's about you flying a goddamn computer console when you want to be out there hopping galaxies.
Why do we have to beat the shit out of an old man?
"Help her become... ...gay, Lord, no more!"
"He deserved a bloody Nobel prize, but he hated sucking up to politicians."
All the estates on Bellerophon use this automated garbage drone system.
"That's still a problem but they don't have shit on us, so..."
You don't know a fucking thing!
He was one of the Jews we'd instructed to burn the bodies of... ...Admiral Canaris and the others... ...we'd shot for their attemptedassassination of the Führer.
"If hostile, destroy."
We've just found another victim of this monstrous murderer:
"""He's going to eviscerate me out my ass when he finds out I tipped Vormoncrief onto the widow."
"Damn, we are going too fast."
I think you're crazy!
"Your nose is too big, that's why!"
"Sorry, boys. - God damn it."
"I hope you guys like cock sandwiches, because we'il be eating them for breakfast, lunch and dinner!"
She's got to get surgery on her face.
What the fuck did you think he was gonna say?
"""They're devils!"" the old man insisted and stamped his sandaled foot."
You're a freak.
What the hell is taking Forget so long?
"As much as I want that murderous dog, our mission is successful if we keep him from his goal."""
Nobody here gave you a damn thing.
"You're ""stupid,"" I presume?"
That's a sick joke.
Damn straight I'm right.
"Shut up, Billy!"
"Damn you, I can't go!"
Fuck me. Dead end.
Took me 25 years to notice my husband was gay.
How do you see that shit?
"Michelle, on the list of things I expect to kill me... mercury poisoning ranks well below liver failure... struck by lightning and heart attack during sex."
"When I looked at it before. ... . ...I thought it was a little high,but now I thhk it was just... . . ...an optical illusion and shit."
There's a goddamn raccoon in the middle of the road.
"Good job, fatass!"
1 50 ain't getting my damn boat.
Killed every islander they could find.
"When someone finds out, they should be eliminated."
They'll kill him.
"The so-called workmen gaped at him stupidly for a moment, then turned to stare in consternation at the city."
Damn it. Make sure the press doesn't get wind of this.
"Some sucker loses his shirt, so he bitches to the general."
"I bet, 100 to 1, you're fucking lying, mate. That's my money."
"Sometimes, killng one person can sort everything out."
"Don't listen to Payback's bullshit, Rafterman."
Letting your partner vomit All over the crime scene is not a good start.
"All right, well, give me your fuckin' 16 cents that you got on you now."
"With all due respect, Director, you want me to make a choice between a traitor and one of my own, I'll take the shot every time."
Happy birthday Screw your freaking birthday!
You bit her like an animal.
"You seem pretty pissed off for a guy who doesn't give a damn, though."
We'll come back to destroy this site.
He's a cop killer.
He had to die somehow.
"You might get by in the Bronx with that kind of shit but down here, 800 a month is chicken feed."
"But if you take that crap and puta star in it, then you've got something."
But I didn't wrack them on their knuckles ...with my silly little broom.
Holy crap! ..washing your hands after each visit to the restroom.
"Oh, my God, you guys look like Katy Perry got knocked up by a slutty My Little Pony."
What the hell happened to you?
"I was looking for some money in my mother's room, and I found some naked pictures under her mattress. She was just sitting there in her house coat, holding one of her boobs like this."
"Once I'm married, when my husband wants to have sex with me, he throws his yarmulke on the bed."
Holy shit!
"There was something of a pause before Harmon finally answered: 'Actually, I feel a bit of a fool."
'cause he's such a suck-up to his fake parents.
And if you know Beaumont... you know there ain't no goddamn way he can do ten years.
"Ladies,that was pathetic."
"""Sadik,"" he said, ""I want the American leader tortured where the others can hear."""
"Vimes was taken aback at this parsimony, but Sybil could accept a bunch of dead rats graciously."
"If you and I are gonna be friends, you need to learn some manners. Bitch."
"She could picture where she was exactly, and where she'd stupidly left the goggles."
And there ain't gonna be no next week unless we work this shit out now. Right now.
"Well, no, I still play the crazy granny."
Isn't he a fag?
"Squeeze through, and get our ass down the shaft."
"Holy crap, yes!"
&Kill Hero
"You come into my house with your bullshit accusations, you toy with my marriage?"
"Get your stupid face out of my house, before my patience gives out."
"Making him susceptible to someone's influence. Say, the leader of an extremist group that could use his sniper skills to kill innocent Muslims."
"They do all the time, so they can hang themselves when they're bored."
You gonna let him fucking manhandle you?
"Now, why can't I buy a packet of fags?"
He watched them kill her.
That covers anything from farting in bed to killing a homeless guy.
Can you shut the fuck up for one second?
What I find so disgusting and disgusting... from an alien - is your attempt to reduce my verbal abilities to a yes-and-no-play.
"Shut up and listen. ""Expert in martial arts. . . . . .explosives, weapons, tactics."
Now you're on your fuckin' own!
"""You are not a fool, Jarlaxle."
"He probably didn't mention that screwing you would be the biggest challenge of his life, did he?"
You're fucked now.
You just got people that would do shit for you.
"No, no, I'll confess I shot him with my fucking phone."
"But the short-run policy tradeoffs that many of these countries face – damned if they tighten monetary and fiscal policy fast enough, and damned if they do not – remain ugly."
I hesitate to offend but You old hag.
"Ain't nobody innocent in this shit, Ferris. Okay?"
I only found that out after I killed him.
"Crap, I was not supposed to say that out loud!"
Sharing a crap motel room every night?
They tried to kill her.
"Men look like ants, everywhere, here!"
Do you mind if I shoot your fitting?
"Girls like screwing foreigners, don’t they?"
"That was some fucking shot, eh?"
"Which way, my dear angel? - - Oh, bitch!"
"I sound like Cagney and Lacey, but without the slutty clothes."
Black is best when you're in court
Who the hell are you?
Now we've just gotta figure out why and how he's gonna kill somebody.
That's Andrew Unger's fucking office.
Shouldn't you be out waving a campaign sign or some shit?
"Jennings, please, would you remove that vile animal?"
"Peggy’s bar, written on the fucking wall."
Yes. Civilians would be shot as revenge.
I don't know what you're talking - Talk or I'll choke you out!
Half the goddamn cityjust called 911!
"If you weren't sexist, you wouldn't care I made you breakfast."
"Audrey, Sweet, fly up underneath that thing... and cut her loose."
I feel like I'm praying to my goddamn accountant!
I could sell your organs.
"Well... The overall good mood people have there. Like, even if it can be bullshit sometimes."
Your stakeout bag is 98% nuts.
"Okay, stop thief."
"No one stole shit from you, dude."
Bullshit! Your job is to steal my girlfriend?!
He was sticking to me like a leech.
It happens all the time... so damn dry.
If satutte to take law into their own hands and the killer would die ... - You are all you ended up in the gas chamber imppaamaan cyanide.
I wouldn't touch that stuff in his mouth if I were you.
"die a year from diarrhea,"
Mother is ruiningthe company with his damn suspicions.
You should have taken that shit down.
The guards shouldn't have left him for the rats.
Iwas on my way to advise the DC police as part of the President's Operation Scum Round-up.
"You ain't got nothin' better to do, than to come into Bill Sharp's town and show your ass?"
"That's why he dreams of making out of you what every man dreams of making out of every woman- a slave, a thing, an object for pleasure."
You almost had sex with who?
"Shit, the projector must have gone out."
That is the goddamnedest thing I've ever seen!
"You have my deepest respect, Baron. Let us go and find it to confirm your kill."
"You know, barricades and shit."
"And you've got your friend Marlboro, the Duke of Bullshit, or whatever he is."
"Yes Sir, but... But you don't give a damn!"
Those fat cows think they own the remnant box.
He wanted to know where the fuck we are and what's taking us so long.
It's his damned house.
Pigs have uniforms.
"Listen, your husband cost me two damn good years over there"
"Farming it is a thankless, miserable business."
"He walked to the wall phone in the kitchen and tried calling Cathy, only to learn that she was giving her damned lecture on her laser toy."
"Damn it, man. You're talking about my mother!"
Get the fuck outta the way!
You fucking with me?
"Don't mean a shit, big deal."
Your insides were slop. And you've been buried four months. If you could slip out of hell and back in your meat...
Zaps its victims with nymphoid hormones.
Maybe the kid worships Satan in hell.
"This is a damn shame ! We're like a family here, and that's just, that won't fly."
"Move and hit him, Johnson. He's open."
I've been praying to that skull for years to save my poor sister from the street. Useless!
Alyssa. There isn't another soul on this fucking planet... who has ever made me half the person I am when I'm with you.
"Right now it's just four engines, no people aboard and if I let you jerk off with your system this wild animal's gonna kill somebody!"
"All right, thief, suppose you tell me what my business is."
It was just some creep getting off comparing me to dog shit stuck to the bottom of a shoe.
"No. You're gonna wear something slutty, like Denise."
I turned her into a vampire.
"If he kills again, it will be my responsibility... ...and I will answer for it."
"Listen, that man is the one I'm in for killing!"
A boy who lies through his teeth... buys demonic records... and smokes the dope.
Her throat's been cut.
"And then she'll punch you, and you'll say,"
Damn it. I can't believe it.
Dead men are losers by definition.
"I wanna know, if you get down between her legs, spread them..."
"Although it looks like we climbed a fence and crawled through dog shit, what we've done is challenged your social apartheid."
'We don't care about the dumb Order!' shouted Fred.
Have a chat. Like fucking men!
"I only give a sh-- about you, louis."""
"Let me shoot it, Coach."
Shit. It's late.
"Grampa smells like an old man, which is like a hospital hallway."
"Come on, my aunt's a Jesus freak."
"Naturally, yours truly was Satan."
"Entertain us and then, maybe, we'll let you cum."
"The largest units Thurston's sensors could see were battlecruisers, but the Allied force's acceleration was 458 g, which was stupid."
"if I see anybody drag ass... ...l swear to God,you will swim the canal."
It's a fuckin' setup.
"Cos you bring me here to meet some guy ""Nigel"" that ain't even fuckin' here, yeah."
Kiss your mum with that mouth?
This isn't some ugly kid who went missing.
"""So you're just a shill for a crooked lawyer,"" she said nastily, and grabbed for another of my cigarettes."
'cause we're in the middle of fucking nowhere.
"Come on, Max! Get your ass out here!"
And he drank this tea that smelled like cigarettes and I just found him completely disgusting.
"I'll wash my hands of you, sir."
"Settle down, white man."
"Yeah, the hell with Jack."
He is a liar.
"How come you got no video surveillance, big-ass place like this?"
"Shit, indeed."
I packed your crap.
"And if all else fails, flirt like hell."
"You don't want people saying you're a prick-tease, love."
"Now, did youor did you not... ...ever dress up like a schoolgirland get your ass spanked?"
He kills your whole family.
I ain't never heard nobody say no shit like that.
"Oh, just tell me you love me, you pussy."
"You don’t respect people who are incompetent, you don’t respect people who waste your time, and you really don’t respect people who are intimidated by you.”"
"Assumption, my dear Mitzi, is the mother of all fuck ups."
"Put your hands down, morons!"
It's the shit.
What are you doing? Fuck off!
Put some M & M's and shit.
"Behind his eyes, he had no choice but to fantasize about earlier conquests, the pain, the power . . . anything to take his mind from the revolting and messy act of male-female intercourse."
Go back to fucking Kim!
I hate his guts.
"Once an American loses his or her citizenship, they are deported to this island of the damned and may never come back."
I want to know what in hell is going on aboard this ship.
You guys come out with your hands up high... and we promise that we ain't gonna kill you.
"If you ain't got money, you go in the garbage. Yeah, all right!"
"Thank you, broken condom."
"Hey. Look, I'm sorry for everything I said... and I'm sorry for being such a bitch... but I have to tell you, you're not alone."
Do you know where I can find her? Hell if I know.
Next time we make love to her.
"Nigger, you hear me calling? - That's you."
I can't believe you stuck it to that fuck Riario.
Asshole!
"I mean, Edward, you like to punch people."
"You want people to say your name gay, why don't you go to France?"
Stupid thing won't start!
"This is gonna, like, end up in somebody's trash can."
"When you finally describe him, he's this fat old fart with a hole in his teeth."
I need to sleep with him in the name of character research.
There's enough c4 here to blow up a bloody aircraft carrier.
The public is an ass hair away from learning their government is trolling through every inch of their private lives.
"In Steve’s experience, some guys simply couldn’t keep their hands off their horns or their dicks."
You look sick.
That was the problem with black operations.
It's like garbage. It's... It's horrible.
Blow on them.
wwe 2girls1cup amnesia ibiza kama sutra nude jonas brothers pamela anderson sex video basshunter power rangers mistic forse sex scenes orgasm enrique iglesias akon hanah montana hentai xxx sexy girls bb8 big brother linkin park
"more than strange; it was impressive, interesting, pathetic."
"I tell you, you're a fucking good actress."
but I like to think of it as toxic white stuff.
"Nobody loves a smart-ass, Tanya."
"Yes, and if you don't obey me, I will dunk you in the Freznar."
"Stabbing, burning, biting, strangling, eye gouging, scalping and taking a poop in the urinal."
- Hit him!
Yes and could I possibly have a signed photograph of your cock and balls?
You told people that I gyrated naked on men's laps for money.
And maybe she threatened to expose the big community hero as a scumbag.
"Roger, can you carry the bomb yourself?"
"Come in, fatpants."
You scratch my back and I'll scratch yours...
"You afraid of big old Tigerland, Private Fuckup?"
"In the future, I tell you to do a thing, you fucking do it."
What if I roll over and crush him?
Wait a minute... Give one to that fattie and tell him to stick it on my forehead.
"And in this case, I would cheerfully have hanged him if the rest of you had gone along, holes in the evidence or not."
And take his body.
Could a simpleNew York City gal like me... ... really beat the shitout of a pregnant teenager?
Order my army to attack and destroy that papyrus.
"First, I killed the pyromancer."
I just keep shooting until I can see what's really inside them.
Did you fart? - Fart.
"This sounds stupid, but when I met him, I sort of saw something in his soul, like a light."
"Damn it, Tom, you scared me half to death."
But you never expect to get screwed by your girlfriend.
"There is so much pussy, and because of the war, there are no guys."
She's going on about how Lemke's a pervert and she wanted to take her business elsewhere.
"""I can think of nothing more poisonous than to rot in the stink of your own reflections."""
Well that's no good you won't kill many orcs with a blunt blade.
"At last, we are rid of you."
Will you answer your fucking phone?
You seem a little mopey.
"On my mark, hit me with everything you got."
"Oh, mad cow..."
you know what the best part of a blowjob is?
"Where the fuck arel you, Manuel?"
"Now you come back here and get this diaper on, Mr. Silly Pants !"
"I don't want to see that woman, Frank."
Shit ! two dozen amyls.
I hope I have a little the passion of my father. - He was passionate ... crazy mom.
"""Damned if I know what's going on in there,"" she said."
It's anvils and stirrups and shit.
"Well, um... have you ever had sex with him?"
What the fuck did you think he was gonna say?
I havea kick-ass mom.
"Then I spent the afternoon at the movies and walking in the park, watching people making out and dogs catching Frisbees, thinking how eventual it would be if the cleaners actually brought me my own fucking Rembrandt."
Aunt Adelaide... - Shut up!
Goat sucker.
"This smug asshole insulted you, and I want him to take it back."
Right. And I made you argue that... true love is bollocks.
"What the hell is wrong with you, Butters?"
Cut and slice and chop them up!
"Leave the killing to the grown ups,valeri."
Terrible guy.
"What I'd like you to do is go in there, take a look at all of them, and tell me if you can spot the liar."
"So Ryan-- I didn't think he'd do this-- he starts throwing the ball overarm, making palsy faces and shit."
She's just worthless.
"Oh, I know a guilt gift when I see one... and that one's got ""I'm sorry for being a fucked-up parent""... written all over it."
"Test the goddamn evidence today and fedex the result to Ed Blake's lab in California,"
Our military... strength...is... in this case... ...useless.
Where did I fuck up?
"When this hospital goes dark, we're all dead."
He asked me if I am a fag.
"Ganymede is too far away; that scares the sissies out."""
"If Dick didn't ensure me you're good people, I'd just tell you, ""None of your fucking business. "" - Okay, okay, okay."
Gabe is the one with corrupted DNA.
We have 20 hardcore motherfuckers who can drive this shit to Tucson.
How the hell could you just stand there and take that?
"Fine, but me and your dad are gonna ground the crap outta you."
"The Shellheads couldn't do anything much worse than they already had, and he was damned if they were going to nave it all their own way."
I don't even believe this shit.
"I told you I was fucking coming, bro."
What the hell are you doing up there?
"Listen, Maxwell... Am I wearing a fucking dress?"
Come on. - What the hell do you think you're doing?
I won't take orders from this gutter trash.
"Well, darn it. I guess we'll never get the tape, then."
"Even the ones that say ""Moms suck."""
This shit is real!
Shoot...
Do you have any idea who the fuck I am ?
Tell me and I'll cut you loose and turn my back.
The reason was that no one wanted to lose because the losers had to sit out.
"I don't want to do that shit, you know?"
You're required to kindly shut up when I say so.
"Three, two, one. Execute!"
"I can't even enjoy my shower now, Mr. Publicist piece of shit."
"Get off my back, Qualen."
I'm participating in a sacred Polish death ritual.
Remember the rule that kept the scum in check?
I'm really sorry that I blocked your cock.
"Oh, that's so sick- you have a boyfriend."
You think you can wipe us all out with your pet monster?
And we'll only be sure of that when you're dead.
"""Please stab this Disney princess in the face and shut her the fuck up."""
How the hell does it smell this bad already?
He says the governor has ordered the arrest of all these fanatics called Christians.
We'll burn our way through.
I'd just like to kiss a Ferrari.
"I hate the pig, but I like you."
"This is my nigga, Ant."
Damn it! I can't watch you kill yourself I can't allow...
Ohio deplores fellatio but tolerates cunnilingus.
"Tell them we are horrible... ...desperate, ghoulish creatures who will stop at nothing... ...to get our house back."
It's fucking freezing.
"Take it from me, you're gonna die eventually, so why speed up the process?"
"People aren't stupid, Ives."
"Hot damn! I'm happy for you, Thompson, but I don't feel much like celebrating."
"In fact, that wouldn't even make me a pussy."
"Those bullets that killed her, they were meant for you."
This shank needs to be punished.
Beat a guy into a coma with a baseball bat.
You're a mental case.
"Mama Luz used to be a welf-known prostitute, allegedly one of the best in the city, but now she was a madam and never indulged, except for friends."
And you are not using my lab to put that kind of a brain into my cyborg !
"If a guy fuckin' tripped over a banana peel, they'd bring me in for it."
"You heard me, bitch!"
"I haven't been on a date in ten years, and even then I was shit at it."
I was wondering who you'd find to help you... & you get a midget with a giant's sword...
"We do, but your blood is laced with vervain."
I've made a vow to the Virgin that until I cut off three heads...
Hang him Ravana! Chant the Akashagalva Mantra Ravana!
You're a drag.
You always see so black.
He learned that the suffering of parents who couldn't feed their children or the oppression of good souls opposed to tyranny or the pain inflicted on dumb animals was worse than one's own physical pain.
Do you think Miss Brodie ever had sexual intercourse... with Hugh of Flanders field... before he fell?
Big bum don't speak a word of English.
I'm not an asshole.
Damn right I was angry!
'So either Arlek is a fool or you are extremely clever.
"Once I heard about this girl who picked up the phone and said “Hi, it’s Helen, and I want you to fuck me raw” because she was sure it was her boyfriend, only it turned out to be her father."
Did you just fucking eat it?
"Lil,i appreciate you trying to help, But I am not fawning over an ass like allan levy just to make a sale."
Why don't you get blown into a thousand pieces and tell me how you feel?
It would be foolish to believe that this could not happen again.
"No, it's easy to pick apart bad acting, shortsighted directing and a moronic stringing together of words the studios term as prose."
"In such a situation you can't say,, bloody hell""!"
A hundred feet in the air with your balls in a sling behind a motorboat driven by two drunks named Pedro?
The Hu's... ...the worst doctors in America.
'Because I won't be able to stop without suffering a most severe case of blue balls.'
"I'm going to try on the dress, silly."
Get the hell out of here!
"Don't worry, I'm not gonna punch him in the nose."
So why couldn't the skipper let her keep the goddamned conn?
History's greatest chump.
Why the hell they call it the noon stage?
Prep and drape the patient.
He's a drug smuggler.
"You can't make out with someone, then pretend you had sex with them."
I could eat powdered bran every day while you suck down pudding and I still might die first.
I don't fucking know!
They're gonna blow up.
I will capture every single rebel!
I want to come back here and see full garbage bags.
Ok I can't even say that fucking word.
"Yes, I'd like to ask him about this hellhole."
"Fuck! Alen, he's alive!"
And if you do try and stay here... ...your young friends herewill rip your guts apart!
"All right, let me get the fuck out of here."
"I was just crazy Terror, the wimp... ...and he belonged too."
Cancer!
Poor loser.
"When he cheated on me with Tina, I thought he was just sick of being married and just wanted to screw around."
"Jesus, she's hot. -Dad, if you hang up... ...I'll call back and embarrass you."
Rape kit.
Disgusting.
I'll just get my pussy stuck up in a tree.
Is exactly what happened when I walked into that sex shop.
I'll eat your fucking souls!
You're awful young.
Despite all the shit we think we know.
You're a little ratty back here.
You're his slave.
"Well, loser buys beer?"
So why the hell was this happening at Cannes?
I was just rubbing the phone against my fanny.
"You don't know, but these women are the greediest of all mammals."
He could be prepping to kill her right now
"Always holding on to, always talking about your dicks."
"""I just thought you might want to register a kick."""
She's trying to kill me.
"For us, things just got worse, and before I knew it, the fat lady was belting out an aria."
His wife left him. He was passed over for a promotion... and he just got bitch-slapped in the company parking lot.
AUTO LUPUS CZ s.r.o.
"If you don't stop this, you'il be dead before you've spent your money!"
You're a stick in the mud.
"Physically, I can, but if you kick a bully's ass, then maybe you guys live till lunchtime."
"All die, Nixar."
"I'm not interested in what you had for breakfast, or what you think of your stepmom's boob job."
"Here, now. Give him a proper taste of death."
Let them sit in their Tower and starve.
He's also slightly brain damaged... and incapable of speech.
Fuck does that mean?
Did he crush your brain?
Reads like damn fine police work to me.
You're ashamed of being smart.
Get some fuckin' sleep and thank God for all you got.
You can tell the losers.
You're the definition of homophobic.
"'Wait here, hit them hard and pray for success.'"
Avenge me! And upon my death you will take the crown.
Damned clock.
"No, he's an adulterer, with a child by your former mistress."
"Thanks for the help, old hags!"
"""He was despicable."""
"Just saying I checked the usual spots 'cause I wanted to say goodbye before I left camp, so in case you go ahead and fucking die--"
You're not a very good liar.
"""Ignorance is the word I suspect you are looking for,"" Moulding reminded him, ""–and those largely ignorant people are a majority of the population, aren't they?"""
Just what the hell are you implying?
"Yeah, that would suck."
Am I such a... Am I so repugnant that no-one wants to be with me?
Do you take me for a fool?
Because I don't want to sit around like Prince Charles waiting for the queen to die!
Should I pretend everything's fine just like you? - Shut up!
Sad songs sung by rednecks in big-ass hats?
"""Damn."
"I am the father of two children... and you never, ever give a baby black root."
"Should be a fat, disgusting woman. Because mary lou retton sold a buttload of wheaties."
"I agreed to let you hone your skills, but this is becoming a fool's errand."
"Well, I'm sure you don't. But if he was around, he'd be with me and not with the two hookers."
I only got $25 for the whole goddamn thing.
They're like fucking Indians.
I can't even suck that anymore.
"My brothers are coming, and together we'll take a wrecking ball to your whole rotten operation."
Except you don't get to phone a friend if you get one wrong because you'll be too busy screaming in fucking agony!
"So, she can't bother to file a report against Gabe, but she can send you endless lists of genitalia-themed party favors?"
"No, these guys were world-class turds."
Just fucking leave him!
"I t's cold as shit, man."
"Oh, they've taken out a lot of trash."
"In my youth, I averaged eight cubic centimeters of semen per ejaculation."
Hey. This is my best fucking friend.
Brilliant shit.
I'll take your knife.
"And don't tell me He moves in mysterious ways, because that's so much horse shit and we both know it.”"
"’First we figure out how to survive, then we think about killing soldiers of the Kingdom."
"Count it, go broke eat it, go hungry seek it and go mad."
"You just shoot it down, and that's it."
"Well, if they want to play silly buggers, I'm their boy."
"Don't call my mom a bitch, Cartman!"
"You can lie, You can cheat... You can bankrupt the country... but you can't fuck the interns."
"You know, he wrote one crap song that turned out to be a massive hit and then spent the rest of his life trying to write a better one."
"Your last insane girlfriend dumped you, like, six months ago."
And check this shit out.
"I bit someone, and then... ...l made love to a mailbox."
"He fuckin', you know-- He was a genius, this guy."
Wales is kickass!
It's usually some six-fingered bustard that couldn't hit a cow in the tit with a tin cup that does you in.
"Now the bitch was pregnant again, which meant that Bud would have to bring even more gifts to her place when he came around."
Stomp you into the ground.
"""Zack, Iraq is no place for a guy like you."""
The woman who's had her finger in every pile of dirt that gets dumped on this town? It's a damned encyclopedia.
"How do you like to do it? Do you like to wash up first... you know, top and tails, whore's bath?"
Get me the fuck out of here!
"OK, fuck the rope bag."
'You don't bash a man's brains out when he's tied to a chair!'
"""And who the hell is he?"""
"Even if we're not hard we'll be like, ""I'll fuck you, give me a second, I'll find a way."""
I don't like that americano.
What are you watching this shit for?
Or a stomach shot.
"Everything else okay, good EKG and shit, huh? - Yeah, I guess."
I don't want to fuckin' be here. Honey.
You said killing her wasn't the answer.
"That's why you should be boss, you're so fucking smart."
Killed her. And left our daughter motherless.
"""Someone tried to rape me?"" ""You were pretty beat up, honey,"" said Gloria."
"He felt a terrible and thankfully transient urge to bend down and touch the dead woman's breasts, to see if they were hard or flaccid."
He was a fraud.
How much money can a nigger make?
I want to fuck them two girls.
"Oh, great, my new scary boss and her amazing chest, butt, feet...."
I'll change my whole fucking life for you.
"I don't know, breaking the rules, talking some shit, driving The Judge?"
The fucking sky is falling!
We've been through this shit already.
She lay back on the bed and closed her eyes against the sexually gross figures on the alcove ceiling.
Now we became attached a our customs or we yield to the fantasies of a dancing idiot?
"Oscar, get your ass back here!"
You disgust me! if you could seethe suffering the plague has caused!
Crazy shit.
"The rope tightened by steady degrees, pressing into his neck and crotch."
"Just ""reading is fundamental"" shit."
"I have this connection with this evil book, people are saying that I'm the pure evil one, everything is totally fucked!"
To die in your arms.
We now return to Middle-aged slobs yelling at each other about building a motorcycle.
Round them all up at daybreak and shoot the sunlight into them.
"""Goddamn it,"" breathed Kate."
I can hit you any time I like.
It has been foolish of us to expect that our present happiness should last forever.
Would you have to make love to her in water?
I just fucking got out this morning.
Fanny.
"Yo, I'll fight him."
Nobody gives a damnwhat your face looks like anyway.
"If we get out of here alive, I swear I'm gonna make you fucking pay."
"Well, I guess there's always a chance of that happening when you stick your head out of the sunroof at 70 Miles an hour and scream, ""I'm going to prom, bitches!"""
"Check this shit out, man."
The Trolls are afraid even to speak their names.
I'm fucking Jerry Delucci.
Not everybody wants to have sex with you.
Quit fuckin' around and give her the shot.
"""Now shut your filthy mouth or I will shut it for you,"" Gawaine snarled, gripping Gwydion's shoulder in his iron fingers."
Look at you Wolf Man... inspiring up all the kids n' shit.
"When this is over, you're gonna take this crap out of my head."
"Yeah, Waving The fucking gun around?"
"She's a notorious tight ass, except for one night of the year."
"How about, uh, having sex while boosting cars?"
Dodgy hair and shit taste in music.
"Edward drags, literally drags, the Lancastrian commanders from Tewkesbury Abbey and beheads them summarily."
'You bring it or I ain't taking you to the fuckin fights tomorrow night.'
Disgusting!
You're not from the IRS. You glued my pubes onto your face.
"""I'm gonna make Jack Sinclair bleed for what he did to me."""
If I don't greet them somebody gets incinerated.
"He was black, the sky was black, he was at one with the currents."
Look like one of them Crenshaw Mafia motherfuckers.
It's four o'clock in the bloody morning.
"Oh, my gosh, look at all this shisit."
"If Black briar goes south, we'il roll it up, hang it around her neck and start over."
Two hundred kids roasted to death.
"I've been trying to get your ass street side for a year, and you wanna chase this?"
What if it sucks?
"Yo, snoop, your sister in my class. What the fuck?"
"When there is no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth."
"I'm sorry, your guys need to get the fuck out of here."
"He hardly ever says the right thing, and he probably farts too."
It takes one away from all the confusions and stupidities and horrors...
"Hell, I ain't talking to you."
"Listen, Al, I only lied to you because I didn't have the heart to tell you that your jambalaya is the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted."
Got the captain on my ass about the absence of my partner.
Not much more to kill him.
"And believe me, if I thought I could make up some cool crap that might help you defend yourself, I would."
"You gate crasher, I'll send you to jail."
We're all in this shit together.
"Best goddamned bartender... ...from Timbuktu to Portland, Maine."
"""He was a fool all right."""
"All right, you licked me, Barbella."
"It's... That... That thing that I saw attacking you, that was a shitty ghost!"
Outer marker. Damn!
Maria and I had sex!
"I've been a fool, a cad, the way I've behaved."
"Now, hang on a sec, there. Your dad likes you to show good manners. Right, Tubby McFat-Fuck?"
You scare the shit out of people... and then they don't see how scared you are.
"God, I was so happy when she finally kicked your butt out."
We're never going to find a body in that shit.
"Let's go, bomb squad."
That's why your mum's mad.
I don't fucking believe it!
I didn't... kill them for the sake of justice.
You ain't gonna fucking believe this. He's only gone and fucking killed Chris.
"Lindsey, I cannot imagine a lovelier receptacle for my evil seed than you."
They must all be dead now.
"That sounds all romantic and shit, but..."
"They'd tied her up, maybe hung her from the ceiling like a side of beef."
"A cripple, a young boy."
"What the hell is this, for Christ's sakes?"
How about you kiss me with that mouth?
None of your Norman rubbish.
"What the hell happened to you, braveheart?"
"Quick, get rid of that weed."
"You know what? if you're so goddamn smart, what are you doing here?"
The time I'll feel like a queer is the first time some man kisses us.
She's the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy.
You don't have sex with me!
"I love cock, you love pussy, let's have another cup of tea."
All sorority girls are sluts.
"Is that the day I gave myself one year to find happiness, or I'd kill us all?"
Fuck off. Move! Move!
Hani don't want to kill you.
It kills almost everyone.
"Yeah, one with a dozen fuckin' pelts on his belt."
"""Damn!"" he whispered, and his old surgeon's hands were shaking like a wihi in a flare."
"Damn it, man."
I feed on death.
Hell!
"What he want, stupid?"
Stinks worse than Liverpool.
"Not only are these people impossible, but they are absolutely stupid!"
They'll fuck us the first chance they get.
"If it was up to him, you'd be rotting in some foster home."
Get the hell off my property.
Best night of your fucking life.
During the course of your intimate sexual relationship with Mrs. Forrester... ...where did you have sex with her?
I see nothing but pictures and pictures and crap.
Degenerate.. degenerate.. degenerate.. etc.
I mean wait till you read this fucking thing.
Get the fuck out of my crib and get me my money.
What's your fucking point?
Bloody hell.
That's the best sex I've ever Had in my life.
Fuck you! You're gonna shoot me!
We're dirt poor.
You've been assigned to the planet Blorch... home of the slaughtering rat people!
I heard she had sex with one of the guards.
"I'm not gonna let some handsome, hot-as-fuck, little child ruin it."
Guilty is that witch... who has seduced a monk... and practiced his diabolical rituals in this holy place.
Get all 500 guns and fire them in the same place to blow the daylights out of them.
"I told the cops you had no one to take the fuck care of you, so they set it up with Mrs. Santa's sister watching you till your dad gets back in one year and three months."
You should've caught the balls with the mitt.
What the hell are we doin` over here?
"Christ, Putin's gonna go ballistic."
Shit!
"No, I was thinking of asking Lady Allingham to tell Lord Chater which members of his family you're fucking."
And other stupidities.
"I looked in here, but this is all your shit up here for your sewing and everything."
"""If it involves putting his ass on the line, he'll be for it."""
Next time you plan on saving my ass tell me before I go to the store.
There's one of them fools who jacked my whip.
No pig-headed man tells me what to do.
We can have sex on the beach.
Jenson ! What the hell are we here?
What the hell are y'all staring at?
"But more importantly, I'm your boss, which means if this fails... ...it's my ass on the line as much, if not more, than yours."
Get some hay ready to dry this little bastard off because now you are gonna push!
Eat handfuls of jellied brain and sing of dark portents and bloody dreams.
You wanna surrender or you wanna watch another one die?
"Do you think it's easy killing a woman that you've held in your arms, a woman that you've made love to?"
"I think about your future, it hurts me much to see you got worse despise your massages."
Fuck. Jane mentioned you.
Someone else paid Becky to kill the president.
"""We can shoot at the cans."""
As he looked around the shabby theater he noticed a heavyset black woman glance at him.
Just open the damn door.
"For revenge, he'll kill a piece of legislation that's good for this country."
You're crazy!
"Very funny, ass..."
"Hey, you don't know what the fuck you're talking about, okay?"
"Coy is okay, but Teddy is a goddamn delinquent."
Did I miss keller? Damn.
Who the heck do you think you are? - A schoolboy?
Don’t let them leave this shithole without me.”
She had pretty crappy taste in guys.
"But now it was just jazz and the rising drumbeat in his head and his mother had only been stuffed straw in a fur coat, Jan nothing but a department store dummy."
Another beast? Do you think that any beast can gut sheep like that? Fuck!
Damn it! - I hear it.
"He barely noticed the interesting fact that there were eight Gurkhas at the salute as he boarded, other than that they looked inordinately dumb wearing white gloves."
"You're fuckin' with me, right?"
You just can't be a real woman in this country.
"A huge damn thing, bigger than Dolo Lake."
"Don't fuck this up, boys."
"Least of all, things supposed in certain contingencies best known to you... to look like Jihadist dirty bombs."
They would break the samurai into pieces.
His mother's sick.
"Yeah, well find me another damn mission so I can focus, okay?"
"Well, if it makes you feel any better, when he touches me, I wanna vomit."
"It's like, I loved that girl for so many years, and she fucked me so bad."
We were sure you were dead.
Can I shoot it?
"Oh, shit."
"Well for now, but after I take a nap- You'll wake up just in time to get shot for treason, because your mother wants to ransom a hydrogen bomb back to the United States government."
I'm flattered you think Todd would go to so much trouble to kill me.
Black magic of the worst kind.
"Get rid of that fucking lot, as well."
"Between good and garbage, it's Chipotle."
'Now you're talking daft.
I don't want your damn hair.
Now you get your ass back into that hippie car of yours and take me to the North Pole now!
I just want to know what the fuck is going on.
I've fucking had it!
"Okay, then choke me."
"Being married, you should fucking know how much women hate that question."
"They got some knucklehead cops... beating up inmates and taking their jewelry, man."
Because sarcasm is the refuge of losers.
You wouldn't mind lighting my fag?
I can't fucking...
"Like this guy right here, handsome, and he's probably a dummy.."
Mr. Denton made a right chump out of Mr. Jennings.
"Just fucking go home, mom's working, clean up the house, do the yard, whatever needs to be done."
One day my friend told me Brezhnev wants to kick out the Jewish musicians.
Just put her on the ground.
And I hunted him down like the vicious animal he was.
He smells like a dead cat.
"And my sister, a very successful lawyer will see to it that your pale imitation of my ass lands in jail."
He'll stir shit with this if he can.
The buggers shot me in the back.
Now can I get some fucking sleep?!
I might just give you big wet kiss.
"All respect for the dead , but your brother was a crook ."
"For a moment the droning idiot's song from the box rose another notch, and Callahan understood it was hope­less, that not even God Almighty could stand against Black Thirteen."
"I'd puke 'em up, too, if my gag reflex still worked."
"You know, cops tend to notice shit... like you're driving a car drenched in fucking blood."
I know it sounds ridiculous ...
"She never got screened, knowing that she could have a ticking time bomb in her brain just like her dad."
Patrick never kissed a girl. Girls are bis-crusting.
Don't break her neck.
"Hey, do you, uh, wanna have sex?"
The meat had been boiled white and there was scum on the top.
Trace you to the blood in the boot. to the body buried beside the fuckin' thing...
"Hal, my son, when you read this letter I shall be dead."
"""Here's where Poke stood over Achilles with a cinderblock in her hands,"" said Bean, ""ready to dash his brains out."""
"In less than an hour, they'll burn you to ashes."
This is a very fucking expensive rug.
"Dammit, why couldn't the old man have pensioned himself off to some tropical paradise, instead of hanging around making trouble for the younger generation on the grounds, no doubt, that it was good for 'em?"
Liz is a walking tear duct.
"Hmm. Carol, don't take this the wrong way, but do you realize that you've been kissing the ass of an immoral hybrid who ruined your son's life?"
"I've heard of popcorn in the face, but this is ridiculous."
"It strikes me, that there’s a considerable amount of bullshit... going on here, and there is just a few things, that I’d like to clear up."
I can't have sex before you. I don't conform to typical high-school norms.
"You know what'il kill me, don't you?"
"Use the Stone, you old fool, he told himself."
shut down
Shoot him! -
It's a fucking gatewaY!
"Probably the scariest ones were the Big Women, two of them."
You know some shit.
What the fuck do you think?
He fired into the face of a leady.
Your son was just found in a dumpster with a bullet in his brain.
I call antlers up the butt.
Its white people. - ..take out any money.
"""If an ass goes a-traveling, he'il not come back a horse"""
"Shit, how could I do that?"
Why else do you think he sent me here to kill you?
"Where's all your shit, man?"
"Yeah, some crazy guy hacked her up with an ice pick."
"Jam it in,"
She's drugged up to her fucking eyeballs.
What if harry had left you in that fucking shipping container?
"If Kalvin got HIV through unprotected sex, dad has every right to be pissed."
How do we know that damn thing is shut off? We don't!
The grandson of William the Conqueror takes precedence over a bastard.
"Sinkhole. Every single time I turn on the news, sinkhole in South America. Bunch of South Americans getting sucked into the ground."
"I'm tired of this war... ...tired of fighting. I'm tired of this ship... ...of being cold, of eating the same goddamn goop every day."
The chief is shitting and the Weasel's snooping.
"Samir, I'll scalp you like a Sitting Bull!"
Stupid hands.
"But don't be a hypocrite. I need to be crystal clear with my operatives-- if you lie to me, go behind the back of the Agency, there will be consequences."
Dropthe goddamn gun!
"Don't be an idiot! - Two minutes, we're out!"
That shit saved my life though.
I am not gonna let them suck the life out of you.
And you give your buddy a blowjob.
Get the hell out!
All I want in exchange for it is my old ring back plus that shitty hatchback you got for sale out front.
"Oh, my God, you think you're the fucking Sundance Kid!"
Why the fuck do you whisper?
So grab your head and make a fist.
All our crap still in boxes.
"You may be many other things, but you ain't no liar."
I never should have worn these fucking heels.
"Shut up! I pulled the trigger, but we're in this together!"
"Motherfucker, you lucky you a cop."
"Where's my goddamn shirt, huh?"
I'm not gonna shit you. They offered us a deal.
"Yes, but you haven't seen semen."
"""Poor bastard,"" he said softly."
"I swear to Christ, if you don't stop, I'll shoot."
Your father is dead
Only you're real smart... ...so you make it look like some fucking Charlie Manson did it.
"A herd of fat, piglike beasts with curling tusks, blundered through the line."
"Hey, man, yeah, I'll hit you back."
"Oh, shit."
"I'd rather send you home, you vulture."
"Keep your shit in line, son."
To post bail for a bum like you?!
Get off her!
"Yeah, well, Joe's a fucking disgrace, isn't he?"
You knowI'm gonna be miserable.
We were the loser team you hired so Rocky would think you were vulnerable.
Military crazy.
"Shoot. Hey, Monster, have you seen my morning list?"
How the hell did he put together a band so fast? Boss!
Point it at her head.
"What are you doing, you fucking maniac? Hi!"
"Don't ""honey-baby"" me, you smell like perfume."
You're gonna disappear.
Only the damn hole was empty!
"Tight aching across his asshole, head and stomach inflated with oat mash and summer beer, Slothrop sits on a pile of nets and tries, fat chance, to will himself alert."
They're all dead; settle down.
"The next time a British Muslim detonates himself in an Idaho shopping mall,"
"I saw Alison and Holbrook under the mistletoe, and he had his tongue down her throat."
"Oh, great, so, we're gonna snatch a murderer with some magnets and a roll of duct tape?"
"Well, I could shoot yours through the old gas-liquid chromatograph."
Rip off his pants!
This story sucks.
Shoot the court jester!
"One witha T-shirt saying ""Don't fuck with Mr Zero."""
"His shaking had increased to that of a whipped, starved dog."
"You're gonna die alone, screaming in agony, like I did."
I am sick of you using the front yard as your bathroom.
Kicking the dog.
Bullshit! I ain't signing that damn thing.
"saying, in effect, ""My life sucks."""
Too bad his brains are in his biceps.
"I'm not going to hit you here, but I will get you."
They will all he fairly bloody and desperate.
"He's just, sometimes, a little bit silly about pretty girls who come to tennis."
"If I see you again in Rome, it'll be on the point of my sword."
Jewish Supernumerary Police
I thought Oz had balls.
It is foolish to relinquish such a pleasure to women.
Let's get sick of each other.
Go screw!
"All right, killer. I hate to break the news to you, man, but I gotta take off."
"Ok, I'll leave you to speak ""pig"" I found one with my name to keep up with beer."
You're just giving me shit.
"No computers in this armor for to take over, you piece of junk!"
"30 years of bullshit war stories, only to leave his partner for dead."
"Bert called me three little words, ""You're a dope."""
"When I look at it, I don't even remember what drugs I was addicted to at the fucking time."
Just the idiot who's still waiting for the return on her lnternet investment.
And I lied to I.A. when you beat the shit out of Tammi.
Who put this nonsense into your brain?
You lucky son of a bitch!
"You can't figure out what's what with an empty stomach, goddammit!"
She ain't got nothing to do with this shit.
All I fucking cared about... ...was my reputationamongst the firms of England.
He's not stupid. a member of the fraternity is dead because of me.
"Those boysencranse straw candles stink, man."
I knew your ass looked familiar to me.
I liked her better when she was crazy.
"She busted her ass on this, and they took it from her."
Everything are all hypocritical
"I am the vessel of the lord, and you are a disrespectful heathen who will burn!"
"The air reeked of sweat, urine and rotting meat."
We use your dead as vessels.
You fucking serious?
"Actually, at some 600-to-42 odds, they could probably walk in with a rock in each hand, no shields or special weapons, and still beat the shit out of us."
Why do you always get me in deep shit?
You can't have sex with Tori.
you've succeeded in turning me into a frickin' Jack in the box!
"Killing horses may not be exactly much fun, but it relieves me."
ALL: King Philip's arse!
You and Van Pelt are having sex again.
Always was a lucky bastard.
"Now, shut up."
Look who's back in the fucking Abbey after all these years.
The North Korea is a nation on the verge of starving to death.
"If he starts to lose it, shoot this into his nervous system... ...from the back of his neck,if you can get it there."
"They paused in their drug-dealing to watch the crazy white fellow run past them, heading toward the center of Harlem."
"Not only were he and Keith Bender at a motel with some crack whore, you and Billy were there with some slut of your own."
Cutting people open is what we surgeons do.
That pig wasn't worth $25.
You're gonna tell me where the hell that cop has my witness.
My dad wouldn't give a shit if I went missing.
You can always depend onthe spy fucker.
And that slut in the window!
Other fucking assholes like me?
"The four of you have involved me in an illegal activity without my knowledge or consent, and I don't fucking appreciate it."
"""Where in hell is Pitt?"" the intruder shouted."
"There's gonna be a lot of trash tomorrow, sister."
"I thought you said if anybody got in here we didn't want, the fort would automatically cut their brains out."
"If you did, you'd know he's bad fucking news."
I fucking told you on my fucking family's...
Have you got the shits?
On what? $43 and a smile and bullshit?
"Oh, why don't I get a fucking do-over?"
"Crap, they got away."
"If you was to tell your uncle what went on here and your uncle squeezed me out, I guess I would come along and kill you."
"He walks in a room, his dick's already been there for two minutes."
Goto Dengo smells diesel and stale sewage.
"Wasn't the worst job, but... the damn ceilings?"
I'm not going to let her suck me in.
"Napoleon will be in a fearful rage about Torrecastro, which is all to the good, because next month I mean to cross into Spain, and give Marshal Victor a damn good thrashing."
I'd appreciate it if you didn't ask my mom to blow you in front of me.
"A whole nation, a whole fucking world of plastic houses."
I'm kicking them and stepping back.
Let the fire die rather!
"What, you couldn't have whomped his ass with your massive wolf paws?"
I do not like that man.
"""Don't be daft."
I've got two retarded kids: Karli and you.
We gotta give these goddamn broads guns?
This pig is very well.
"ln the name of the Soviet Union, not a step backwards, or we shoot!"
"But this guy's not just any tom, dick, or Moby."
MALORY: Hitting on your dead colleague's widow?!
Door to Hell
He just needs to beat the Indian kid.
leave me alone damn it
"Earlier, we were ready to go get crazy at a stupid break battle."
"It's just another story, a couple days of shit-storm, and it's wrapping paper?"
"This is the Frosty Scoop all over again, and you're Derek Spooner, the night manager you mullet wearing moonwalking bastard."
"Worst damned thing I ever saw, and I couldn't do a damned thing about it,"" he said darkly."
"Laters, girls."
"You get me to sleepwith you, then you treat me like dirt."
Killed him.
"I tried to do... I tried to do the right thing, but I'm weak. I'm too fucking weak!"
I've caused a small pandemic of erections in freshman boys.
What the hell do you know?
I don't know why you want to sit through... ...all those zombies eating people and no hot guys kissing anybody. It’s gross. Like...
And don't think I didn't feel ridiculous at times.
I... for you... ... killed the last wolf...
Brigance couldn't tie his own tie without that old drunk Wilbanks.
Holy shit.
It's already too fucking late.
Jenny might live for days and be helpless in her crib with you dead on the floor!
"Well, that doesn't explain... why you've come all the way out here, all the way out here to hell."
Shoot to kill.
Toss them in Jim's garbage bag. JULES:
Who cares if one or two guys like him die?
Keep your mouth off my old lady!
You're such a negative person.
"This case is going to be in the news, and you people are spotlight hogs."
You're gonna get your shot as long as he don't die.
The crud under some of his nails is black (dirt) and under some it's maroon (dried blood).
"My son has a death sentence, and I can't go in there and be with him because of you."
"Okay, so now you fucking follow Shelby."
Get Charlie off that shit.
Puerto Rican gang.
"(man) I accuse myself of sabotage, embezzlement of Party funds, sale of military secrets, of being in the pay of the government of Eurasia, of being a sexual pervert and a thought criminal."
You think they give a damn that we're out there dying and fighting in some jungle hellhole?
"Well, for starters, she's a total slob, But I did find something useful While you were engaged in your tête-à-jack."
"I’m sitting there in her Bentley in the dark, right... ...in front of her goddamn office, trying not to let anybody see me... ...and ask me what I’m doing."
"You know, I know the police think we're all a bunch of stoners."
It is in the nature of medicine that you are gonna screw up. You are gonna kill someone.
It's like you don't feel all that bullshit pressure to be successful.
"He had heard her from the narrow, safe bed in his old room, banging around out in the kitchen, sneezing and saying ""Shit!"" under her breath, getting ready for breakfast."
Voters are like amoebas.
"Hey, that must've been some fucking fight."
And now you waste that 780 verbal on telling jokes about having diarrhea in your pants.
He's a private eyesore.
"After all the shit we've been through, don't you get it?"
‘Burned to the end.
He has that damnable Atreides loyalty.
I need criminal shit.
"Too bad, piggy."
"“You look a little white around the gills, my friend."
Get the shit beat out of me Spending the night in a ditch can be pretty consuming
"Erin, find your goddamn boyfriend. It's time to go. Kemper!"
"Mike, quit yelling at that woman."
"You tell Estes no matter how many bullshit charges he trumps up, I'm onto him."
You have no idea what kind of bitches these girls can be.
"My prettiest eatery by far, but the acoustics are rubbish."
Don't worry your pretty little spic head off.
Course he bloody does!
Maybe the bastards just underestimated us.
"Okay, but Tadd is a superficial dickhead, everybody knows that."
I'm just going to make kissing me more exciting than having sex with Amy or Adrian.
What the hell is it to you?
I've seen more junkies hit by shit than sober people.
You want them to like me so they'll die and leave us their money?
You're very arrogant in your certainty.
"Also, leave the car's lights on—and hang your undershirt or sleeve or some damn thing like that out the window."""
"Damnit, you have no idea how serious I am about this school."
"As one person, what could you do? --that this fucking world grows by like 70 million people a year."
"He doesn't want it,fuck him."
Drank herself to death.
"Yeah, you can tell by all the fat people."
What The Hell Are You Doing?!
Two fuckin` days and nights.
"Is that enough dirt outta your hole, boss?"
We were told that whatever was gonna be in that coffin was gonna kill Klaus. When we found out that it was your mother... We didn't know what to think.
"For one time, for one time in your goddamned life, be honest with me, William."
I told you they were gay.
You see blackness.
If I start to scream... just slap me and tell me the war's over.
Where's the fucking lottos at?
"So, you know, I just... I fucked off... and I suppose she phoned you."
I look like fucking Stevie Nicks in hippie clothes.
I wanted to hit you.
"Why, 'cause she's doing porn?"
I remember killing that woman as clearly as I'm looking at you now.
I'll pack up my shit...
I wasn't transported to some celestial space given my newfound bullshit Christianity.
What kind of a fucking chance did she have with you as her mother?
Don't be a bitch. Tell him.
I want you inside me.
Here I am in this filthy hole.
"Someone shoots me,that's not someone I'm gonna forget."
"Like, if it was from a chick... but written by a dude and it's still from a chick... that would still be sick."
"Don't play dumb with me, you know exactly what it means."
"India certainly has corruption, like almost every other country."
I couldn't fucking go to sleep. I thought they were gonna eat me or something.
These are human biots.
''Butt-fucked the bunker''?
You called me a crackhead.
Blow something up!
He seem to be possessed by all the devils in hell.
Damn near got my foot.
You know that shit hole.
The twit will bust my bike.
You've destroyed it with your damn lies.
"We've got to cut you off at some point here, sweetie."
"Let them think you are a little crazy but respectful, too."
"And if they do kill, then they're gonna have to"
That's all I fucking know!
Now fuck off. Or I swear I'll call the police.
"Oh, my... You guys are just getting started and you're already kicking ass."
You are without a doubt the most pathetic class I've ever been assigned to!
Maybe we should look in her mouth.
"If I do it enough, someday it's gonna work on someone. And then it'll be the best damn card trick in the world."
Don't fucking touch that!
Damn it! - You'd better take her to her quarters.
# She will steal your cash and shove a shiv in your back #
"Who the hell do you think you are, huh?"
"Not a goddamn thing I can do for Lonnie now, Pop."
"Shit that's been going on with Danny, you wouldn't believe."
"Wonder Woman sits up, says, 'What the fuck was that? '"
"Will you stop yelling at me, Marvin? $1200 a night on a hotel suite-- are you out of your fucking mind?"
"Now, assuming he's not foolish enough to go see Duffy,"
"I can't be getting involved with this Twelve shit, man."
I saved you from being burned at the stake for being a witch.
He's a liar.
"Yeah, let the bullshit blow over so I can run the casino."
Shot twice in the head.
The real danger is him biting my face off while I'm sleeping.
"If you think that turning yourself into a disposable incubator for a few weeks... is gonna protect your baby from all the crap in this world, go ahead. Die happy."
I dumped the water out of that damned tub into his tent.
I ain't telling you shit.
I will enjoy turning him into a monkey's breakfast.
Then your parents can hire a lawyer to clean this shit up for you and you can flee to another country again. Start new life.
Cut your nails off !
"Sooner or later, the Brothers will suffer the fate of all bad devils."
She's blubbering her way through dirty dancing.
"Uh, you mind telling us who the hell you are?"
You took on that woman's pervert son.
Booth his inner ear is messed up.
"Yeah, poor, poor pussycat."
"We close at 5:00 and I'm not gonna turn my life upside down, topsy-turvy, for some schmuck from Soho."
She looks like a transvestite ninja.
"Listen, fucking journalist."
She's fucked everyone I've ever met.
"Good night, you naughty men."
"Anna mae! My sorry-ass husband might have been a cheater and lowlife, But he saw me, why I am this way."
You 're the reason those kids were killed!
"Well, damn."
"Stevie, please don't make me put a damn time limit on all this emotional discovery."
You're shredded.
You are gonna personally escort these clowns to the federal pen.
But she won't fucking let me.
"You're an exasperating girl, Miss Edmonston."
Are you fucking crazy?
Your T.A.C. team is dead.
You realise we're both completely insane?
Won't we get in trouble? Don't be stupid.
Your father got a DVD of black people fighting in the street.
I know why they want him dead.
This thing is ugly.
"But you see, the thing about this is, Lexi is clearly alive... ...and an opportunist and a big no-uterus-having crybaby... ...but I really don't think she's a killer."
Your client will stand for whatever the hell I give them!
"Now, where the hell are all the bloody stockmen?"
He's filthy rich and gorgeous.
And you were willing to let her die.
"Damn it, why didn't I listen to the precorded voice of former mayor Ed Koch reminding me to take my belongings?"
I can't beiieve I let you fuck me.
What the fuck does that mean?
"""and we commit her body to the ground."
"Well, that's goddamn awful."
I don't fucking believe this!
I must've gotten a cold from fooling around with a girl naked.
It's a lot of rare shit.
"Tomorrow morning, I have to go into the hospital... ...and they have to cut-- Oh, shit."
And most importantly the solution does not come from some old fat guy in a robe.
"The throes of that stupid couple seconds, treading the white water."
"Lorelai, I've watched you do a lot of stupid things in your life..."
"You people, I want all of you out of my garage."
Merry fucking Christmas.
I am a hopeless female. I've drained my bitter cup to the dregs.
You animal!
"If you don't help me, my head is coming off my fucking body."
The guy that saved your ass the other day.
"We lost those losers ages ago, and your hanging with the Jim-man just got us a good gig."
"Dura pulled the little levers as Toba had shown them, and their shit disappeared down gurgling tubes into the mysterious guts of the City."
He's gonna drop dead.
There's a reason those poor bastards don't sleep at night.
You got two dirty FBI agents mixed up in organized crime.
"Screaming, crying, covered in crap?"
Don't kill him!
"""sorry, I can't do this anal more."""
Who turned her into such a brat?
"I have sex with my secretary, my wife."
I don't think I could've taken Any more of this deferential nonsense.
"Let's take them away, they're Italians!"
"The second event was the breakdown of a Breathe-o-Smart system on a particularly hot and humid day with the resulting evacuation of many hundreds of office staff into the street where they met the third event, which was a rampaging mob of longdistance telephone operators who had got so twisted with having to say, all day and every day, `Thank you for using BS\&S' to every single idiot who picked up a phone that they had finally taken to the streets with trash cans, megaphones and rifles."
"Look, all the ways you want to punish Renee for being a shit friend will pale in comparison to the ways Renee will punish herself."
"There is no cure for herpes, and I bullshit you not."
I'm going to get my shit.
So just do as I say and keep the fucking cage locked !
You know I'm a country boy. That's crap.
He looked very sick.
You all right? Hell!
"If you need a cigarette, I got several thousand butts in this one."
I could have banged her before she moved on to the cast.
If there's anything we can do to ... - Dammit.
"Shit, he's caught on a bayonet, mate."
Even for a numpty like me.
Do you ever noticed the closer you get to the people who cook this shit the better it tastes!
"Where have you been, you little creep? - Creep."
"""I told him if he didn't get out I was going to hit him."""
"And in your spineless, pathetic way... that's as much as you can give me."
There's just one more scumbag I got to take care of.
He wants to kill you for sure.
"I killed two guys, Danny. l killed them."
"Yep, that's a damn shame."
"Because he's one of the most beloved politicians in California, and he's facing a foul-mouthed cabbie with a piss-poor sense of direction."
We're a horrible host family.
Where are my calculations? Monkey!
"With one savage blow he stabbed her in the stomach, spiked her to the frozen earth."
"Fine, the slut is yours."
"Give me the fucking address, and then you go!"
"Miss Sassy in her shag, trying to catch Richard with his lunch time shag."
Just don't shoot me again.
That sucks for poems.
You guys wanna smash...
Get the hell out of Kentucky and don't come back.
"And eventually, Katie, everyone here is gonna hate you."
"Hey, man, I ain't bullshitting let me in."
"Go over by the other side, and just crap that weapon."
You're a total brain. We gotta get the camera fixed and... - the film developed from last night.
He told her to shut up and never mention it again.
I didn't know they had been working on this shit like it's the cure for cancer.
"But there was no telling what those pantywaists in the Directorate of Intelligence would try, just to bypass what the DO people—the real spooks in CIA—had to do every goddamned day."
Unless you call having sexual intercourse 16 times a week adequate training.
I don't want to talk about time travel shit.
Georg had promised us killer boobs from Berlin
It's actually a testicular doughnut.
The universal choice for a fall guy was some pervert of a minister from Canton Falls named Ralph Swensen.
"I'm not gay, but I'd go down on him if he asked."
"Only I didn't get to drop out of school, buy a bar, and have sex with some other guy's girlfriend."
"Seriously, she is dead in three seconds if you don't..."
"If it was real, I swear to God, I would've knocked him out."
"Right, no, I'm just, I'm just trying to figure out Why a guy who grew up 300 miles away from me Cares so much about a scumbag drug-dealing murderer,"
"For fuck's sake, Irwin."
But he's a slippery fuck.
"Oh, you're gonna kill me yourself. Well, hell, yeah, if you're gonna step to the bell, you might as well ring it, huh?"
Go back in your hole.
"""Desecrated, befouled !"""
But Mr. Hallorann -- Dick -- had also said he didn't think those things could hurt you.
"I'd get more ice, Stu, on the 15th fucking floor!"
The executioner of Theokoles.
Someone has shat himself here.
"A hard shot to the head and neck, collapses the carotid artery and cuts the flow of blood to the brain."
"She should just get out of the marriage, and then she can fuck whoever she wants, you know."
"I could use her skull, but her hand."
You're bloody sitting on Cliffy.
"You fuck me, then Josie, then me again, just to double check."
What is it that makes the women in my life wanna destroy themselves?
"""You can go in and slice yourself off a little bit."""
The only reason I got involved in this shit... is so we'd get some money and I could go home and see my people.
But you drink enough and you drink a lot to get you fucked up.
"Something black and agile, and damn big compared to the cat, leaped from a stack of books to a high basement window and vanished outside before Phil could get a good look at it."
"But since she hasn't seen fit to tell me what's going on, I'm perfectly free to give you my best guess, and my best guess is that Theresa has decided that Achilles poses a danger to you-not to mention the whole human race-and so she's decided to kill him."
The blockage in your lung... ...was a condom.
It's the Janitor!
It's fucking hopeless.
Find some rope and tie him up.
I'm gonna have to point this gun in your direction.
Their hands are going to get more and more bloody.
"You get off the highway... ...from whatever big city, bringingall your sick problems with you."
What the hell?
Think not that I do not think this idiot.
"What the shit, Seamus?!"
"Sometimes she's a real jerk, you know?"
"I caught him one clean one for sure, on the forehead and then I fucking whaled on him."
Put the barrel against your temple and shoot.
"I mean, if you were-- If you were hot, you would be out breaking some poor schmuck's heart instead of spending all your time fantasizing about Mr. Wonderful."
"It's a damn good movie, Sven!"
Why else kill yourself?
"""Let's just get the fuck away from Y.T. before she goes into a self-defense mode,"" Y.T. says."
I wish only to kill... ...to pay back for my village!
You all-American idiot. She handed them your head on a silver platter... Stay out of this!
I want to come inside you.
Stop committing suicide like that.
Suck! The bus only cost $17 to New York.
Natural born killer.
No! - God damn it!
She threatened to slit her wrists.
"You got nerve, scraping toast and shit, making excess noise."
"No, he's not an ass. I saw an ass."
I'm not some idiot.
This is dirty boxing.
Gravity's a bitch.
We had sex on this floor.
"Be still,or she will end up dead like you."
"Look at my panties, Panty-man."
"God, just because you lost your hard-on doesn't mean you have to have a fucking meltdown."
"Somebody killed him, Susan."
Boisfeuras has gone crazy.
"Shit. OK, Vinnie."
"Now he was a cripple, bitter and lost."
You think you'd be dicking someone like Darien?
"Oh hell, if that damn place were an orphanage, they still wouldn't know what to do with all that room."
"Hearts can't break, silly."
Of course you would like to take it from behind... ...my Balkan swines!
"You are wasting our time and we do not have all that much time for such nonsense."""
"I'll take you down to Bagby store tomorrow, and get that ball taken out of your leg."
"Kill them! Come on, men!"
"Alice White has jury duty. Damn, I am good."
"Hey, look, Ray, personally I don't give a shit, you know."
I can't see anything! ♪ Shut up ♪
"""Everybody always thought Bonnie was just a big dumb pretty Dallas girl,"" said brother, Daryl Blanchard, Dallas lawyer and Bonnie's financial manager."
"Let me show you how I feel about that karate shit, OK?."
"I worked my ass off to do that surgery with you, and you stole it from me."
I had sex with her and then I left about 1:30 a.m.
He bet the fucking horse?
"Don't play stupid, Matt."
Because we're going to kill him first.
"Baby, I'm a ride-or-die bitch, you know that."
Damn. My elbow's bleeding.
I'm awful damn sorry you're sick.
"Pitarrio- He screwed us, man."
We will grind these oppressors to dust and I will be the liberator of all mankind
All that he wants to do is go back to San Francisco and marry Camille. It's sick!
Today Eugene's brother sits in a padded cell... doing nothing but eating his own feces- - and regretting the one time... that he had sex.
"So what, you wanna fuck one of them now?"
You're a cynical case of lack of will.
Because you do not have the balls to to do what needs to be done.
"WALLY: It's 100,000 acres. Be finding a needle in a fuckstack."
The bullet they took out of your husband's body was shot from a. 38.
What the hell are you talking about?
"You need to bring me back that bastard kid's head... ...put it in front of this house, and show them the war we're fighting."
"Don't forget to take that fat cap off, Tom!"
"You look like ass, by the way."
"What the hell are you doing here, Andy?"
He must be a bum or something.
I'm a smudge of excrement on a tissue... surging out to sea with a million tons of raw sewage.
"Oh, man. After all the hassles those morons on the ethics committee put me through, they'd hate to have me on that stage."
"Aw, crap. Sorry, everyone, looks like we had some bad intel."
I don't even fucking know what to say.
"You got a problem with that, that's your fucking problem."
Because they're poor... ...or because they're trash?
The stake! Fire will purge him!
Lack of sex!
MAN: You're paranoid!
Are these tapes of you having sex with these girls?
He smells like Band-Aids.
"""My God,"" I says , ""why'd you charter the damned ferry, Vera?"""
I'd like to get you high.
You go back to that fucking circus act... and tell him to get Mose Manuel to Joanie's... or a rupture won't be a tickle to the pain I'll throw at him later.
The defendant will remain seated and keep his mouth shut.
I remember him. He was a real asshole.
The pawn shop guy is a vampire killer.
Put a goddamnmember on the phone!
GARTH: You don't know a damn thing about airplanes.
"Quit screwing around, Sara!"
Isaac the fornicator will get them when they sleep!
You think I am a bum and my kid died and I don't understand anything.
Then everyone would be terrorists.
"Couple more gigs like this, and I can move out of my fucking sister's place. Here."
'She was the egg within the dung.
"That enough whore for you, Count?"
Fuck you. - - I have never worked with a group of people so unprofessional before.
"You have got some balls, mister."
He's your bloody problem now!
So my blow is gone and now these guys are gonna kill me.
Yeah. You even got rid of that nasty burr in my rotator.
"Guys, we need that kill switch."
"She was going to die, anyway."
All this simple life crap.
But some good shit's gonna come from this.
Fools! Do you want to get us all arrested?
You fucking turn?
"""I don't give a shit what the signs say, unit 17."
You either have to wait out the terms or hope she gets hit by a bus.
I just don't goddamn believe it.
Idiot! I told you I don't speak Spanish.
Same shit.
"No fucking way. - You watch your mouth, young lady."
"If he did die, sir."
Women have no power in this world.
"Heh heh! You chat her ass up and bring her candy every time you do a drop-off, man."
Are you always this obnoxious? - Ha-ha-ha.
Even a small dose'll kill you eventually.
"If he doesn't sew up her wound, she might bleed to death."
"I've got to take this tv to my place To check it out for, uh, north korean dirty bombs."
Sex o'clock.
"Yet ridiculous dreamers like you insist on a past filled with dinosaurs... and evolution. And on a future filled with motorized vehicles, radio waves, and flying machines!"
"That bloke who was in the rocket, He was the loneliest man ever... In the world."
"To get rid of you, I'll swat you with 1 30 grand."
"Look, I got shit to do, all right?"
Two thou every home game? - Damn.
And he's bigger and stronger than anything I've ever seen. And he's a killer.
This shit is serious.
Though a clown would have had more success charming the Chancellor.
She had all my spoons stuffed in her pockets. Dreadful woman.
You're shit on his shoe.
"Not only does burning the corpses save cargo space far as the transporting of their bones back to the homeland-- which, as I gather, they hold as their big fucking chance at the afterlife-- what a tremendous tactic, terrifying the unburned here."
This guy's like an evil version of typhoid Mary.
"You got the skills, You've got the balls and unlike most female fighters, You don't look like an ugly man hater."
You ain´t ugly like me.
I deserve someone who's not gonna be a fuckin' virgin for all of eternity!
These people are nuts.
"Last name Nicholas, first name Christopher, middle name John; Driving while shitfaced."
"He must raise this zombie, this zombie, or he is ours."
I think you're a natural-born cocksucker (UNZIPS PANTS) and I think it's time you did what you were born to do.
"Grandma, damn it, I'm married."
"On this bench, or throne, squatted a female black."
"I'm not fixing shit until you explain why this fucking rock was worth my cousin's life, sir."
"You got a pretty big dick, Jerry Lee."
We'll do any goddamn thing you want.
"If their son dies tomorrow, you think they'il give a damn what I said to them today?"
Girl who doesn't know she's gay.
"Now, when I turn off the light, make a woman out of her."
"Oh, God! Why do these guys wanna kill us so badly?"
You're not a jerk.
Slaves don't marry.
Not this bunch of...pussies!
Thank God your mental powers haven't deteriorated.
Call his alien butt.
"He can't see inside because the windows are polarized, but the thing on the roof looks like a chrome-plated radar dish, goddamned if it doesn't."
"If I warned him about the taxi, he'd fall in the shower and break his neck."
Faith ain't done shit for us.
"So the ex-boyfriend has no ideayou're secretly married to the ex-husband, who still loves you, but unless you give hima reason not to, is gonna marrythe neighborhood slut?"
Play dead!
A foolish idea.
"Oh, this is ridiculous."
Didn't we agree no bullshit?
"""This gang of liars? Treated with courtesy?"
What's up with the retard?
We have to drive them out or kill them right there.
"You always did have a small mind, James."
Girls and their crying... it's so lame.
I'm daft.
"The last time I saw your father, I told him that if he ever came back here, I'd turn him into a blindworm."""
"Get him to the top, plant that flag, and don't fucking fall off."
"They kill Nick, Mike."
"I'm tellin' you, those rats are as big as the baby gators down there."
"You keep picking and choosing and dropping and fucking up, pretty soon you end up on your own."
"If I stay here, I'm ready to shoot ducks when the sun comes up."
This is all your damn fault!
Awaiting people like me after high school are only crap jobs.
But I don't want to fuck.
"Someone should just tell this guy that if people stay married long enough, they kill each other."
"Just lie here and die, Elliot?"
"Bastard! I served Gu all night for free, he promised to let us stay."
"Damn, it looks like Christmas."
"About four hours ago, one of our satellites took the damnedest picture you ever did see."
I said drop your fucking weapon!
"Look, I know you got screwed here."
Fuck! I missed something once before.
"Oh, dude, or what about Your Grandma's Pussy?"
"So, fuck-knuckle, just give me an excuse to blow off some steam."
That's so gross.
I got really fucking pissed off.
"You need to get dressed, get cleaned up, and get your ass down to the office so you can hear what's been figured out for you!"
"Everyone thinks potassium is all about the bananas, but that is banana-lobby bullshit."
"And the reason why I act like you are a plain wife is that I am afraid if I admit to how stunning and intelligent and how wonderful you are... I just loose you. Shut up, Allen!"
He was even more surprised when I sliced him across the belly just above his hips.'
You lost all our fucking money?
It was the stupid wine.
"Sophomore year I blew out my knee, which sucked."
I'll lick your fucking pockets.
"And if we don't act now, we're all gonna choke to death."
He managed to eat and shit at the same time.
"Crooks get married, too."
"Life goes on, and you can't tell by just looking or even by talking to the people, but they're all sick at heart."
Arrest them.
You're terrible.
I don't think either one gives a shit about me.
I don't mess with Mexicans who got more that two tattoo's.
I hope that egg makes you puke.
"We killed you all! I swear on their graves, you didn't."
So it's a crap marriage.
"Yeah, I'm buying a playground for the children of porn actors."
"No. Is she pestering the shit out of you, Phil?"
"They stabbed the white women as they ran from the wagons in their rughtdresses, trying to carry the second gun to their men."
Did everything in your power to get him to change his fucking narrow mind and take me back?
But she mistook a little grab-ass in a condo for true love.
"Wait, I'm not fucking finished."
Fucking calm down.
He has a silly giggle.
"'All you beggars look alike to me,' said Angel."
"Humans are filthy. You got to mix in with beasts... fowl, rodents."
I have the smoothest ballsin Iceland.
That was before he got me pregnant... in Miami... and before he blew his brains out... through the hole in his arm.
"""Piggy."""
There's gotta be some shit around here that ties these guys to somebody else.
You'll get screwed by yourself.
"Oh, God damn. You are the best-looking girl I've had today."
"I don't know, dammit!"
"Yeah, when I was married to Judith, it was my choice to get a vasectomy... ...a new kitchen and a Labradoodle with diarrhea."
Training sucks right now.
"""Why do you think it is stupid to go to windows instead of to doors?"""
"Listen, they could kill him all day long in imara, but if it happens here, it's only gonna empower the anti-american nationalists."
What the fuck have I done to you ?
I could slap you back.
"You'll die out here, just wander around in these woods until you die, and the animals will come and eat your rotting body and some day some hunter will come along and find your bones."
It's thinking like that that keeps the world the way it is. Fuck the world.
Stop kicking yourself in the ass.
He's not going to be satisfied until he cuts them off.
"You didn't honestly think... that I would kill my story because we had sex, did you?"
I dare you to throw a rock and not hit a Cuban.
"I know this place sucks, but it's karaoke night... and there's one thing you can count on here."
"I have to admit, I sometimes felt you'd given me too many balls to keep in the air simultaneously."
Sit in this car and think about this ass-whooping you're gonna get.
"She must die, die, die!"
"You finish it, insect."
Did he fuck up?
"Because I get bored with them and angry, so angry, I want to shake them."
"So you may go to hell, all of you, for there's some mystery, some secret about it, and I don't intend to worry my brains over your secrets."
"""My lord, he is very fat!"""
You hired him to kill me?
"And these pancakes are comin' with me, ya darn desert flower."
"You got me on my fuckin' car, man."
I swear to fucking God.
"""Gallow's crazy!"" Brett blurted."
It was said that the carpet in this office was rust-red from the blood of officers who'd tried to bullshit their way past this man.
They've just moved from my boob to yours.
But we haven't any dough - Shit!
You hearing this shit?
How can you hear what he's saying when you've got your head shoved so far up your own ass?
You take a fucking shower Gator.
This is like if that Blue Oyster shit met that Afghan Kush I had... ...and they had a baby.
Immortals are the real plague.
"So, here's what I'm thinking. We're budgeted for two rooms, but if we share a room, we can use that extra money for some other shit."
"They won't go anywhere, they'll hang themselves for a match."
She can smell a Jew a mile off.
"Now, if you get jacked again, I don't want to hear shit about you writing nothing to no one."
It's religion I can't stand.
I were ready to settle down before you fucking dead-heads turn up.
"No, I'm talking about your basic, run-of-the-mill, stomach acid vomit."
We don't need a fucking warrant.
"You're an idiot! Back to your room, Peter:"
"I tell ya, I'm about as crazy as a dog in a hubcap factory."
"If you're serious about hanging them, they have the right to a trial."
"She'll get a number, and they'll treat her like an animal like she deserves."
In my dream we were right in the middle of the invasion and you had to stop to use the bathroom. We die because your tiny bladder.
It just seems like we have a lot more crap to do than we used to.
Men are like grass and all the grass will die.
Now... what were you sayin' about my nigger faggot son?
"Dressed in black, wearing a mask, demonic devil-faced thing."
"Damn! The car's not exactly new, you know?"
"I was kind of a screwup, wasn't I?"
Goddamn cab doesn't know how to drive.
I need you to shut up!
The fool should have lost more than his hearing.
And turn the bedroom floor into an amniotic Slip 'n Slide.
It's barren. It's barren. And it sucks.
"Okay, I know this is gonna sound bad... when I was blind, I never realized that... naked people are gross, especially the middle-aged slobs that belong to this country club."
"Right. Well, it's a smart thing to do as a witch, but an annoying thing to do as a sister."
"Repeat, nine players in one shithole location."
So let's evacuate the uninfected and blow this place to hell.
"Listen, Emmett, this is all hush-hush- double-pinky-swear kinda shit, okay?"
It smells like several people died on here.
"Not pleasant, but I had smelled far worse down by the lake near that damned birch tree."
"And why are you giving me this hypocritical lecture about treating people decently when you walk around screaming, ''Screw the world'' because that's easier than feeling something?"
"You ever words like ""we"" and ""married"" in the same fucking sentence again... whoa."
I need to draw some blood.
"I think the first step is to stop seeing These kids as nothing but criminal thugs, sir."
This j9 robot has been filled With my own highly motile semen to inseminate you.
Just because she dresses like a lawyer doesn't mean she didn't work her ass off in law school.
"Mike, can I see you by my stupid pool?"
Why sit around and watch it all go to hell?
"You mean, kill your husband?"
We think this is a mercy killing after the horrific abuse that he inflicts.
Take it and dump me anywhere on the side of the road.
Not name it after some daft old bugger who’s probably not even alive any more.
He's using this information to intimidate... - And kill witnesses.
"May he, like samson, Slay thousands of frenchmen With the jawbone of jefferson!"
I just wish Alex was here to see this costume kill.
"But if the expression ""optimistic paranoiac"" hadn't been a ridiculous oxymoron, it would have described Ruth fairly well."
"But goddamn it, this better go real smooth. Do you understand me?"
"we have to have our party. we take the bus all year long, we never eat out, we share deodorant. this is the one thing that we do right all year long and now we can't even have that, so what does that make us? - well, we still got each other. - fuck that shit."
You don't think the company knows they screwed you?
"Oh, shit."
"Holy shit. That house belongs to Celia, and she was my lover, and it was good."
"Go ahead, Blow."
No. The old fart would just grab it and take all the glory.
You probably thought he was finished! “Pavlov’s Cat Results – Day One – rang bell… cat fucked off.
"Seriously, the man hates dolphins."
I'm just a ragged-trousered stranger with a crazy hat.
"Oh, shit."
How the hell do you think I'm doing?!
"As they walked rather briskly across the grounds, all still very close together and in perfect step, with a guard trailing behind, Beech said, under his breath, ""So who got us the damned pardons?"""
What the hell was with those two idiots and all the monsters?
I have to beat you and the strokes will cause us more pain than you.
Date rape drug.
"Any fool knows that!"" the old man snorted."
"Oh, lord. Gross."
You're looking at a guy... ...who personally has had sexwith over 137 women.
This whole city is about to burn the fuck down.
'Next new message. ' - Dick.
"Laughing, singing, After dropping bombs on our villages, Desecrating our women, killing our babies."
Starfish may be big suck-ups... ...but they never lie.
"I know it's only his body and all that's in the cemetery, and his soul's in Heaven and all that crap, but I couldn't stand it anyway."
That president is coming home from California... in a fucking box.
"People are cowards. Nobody ever just comes out and says, ""Dude, your life totally freaks me out."""
You would claim entire fucking city for yourself?
"Oh, get your hands off your junk."
Then I guess I just took a dump in your bedroom.
"We missed our drop zone by about 20 miles, ended up way over by Bumville or some damn place."
Or an extended family with sex.
Your serial killer!
"No, actually, that's pompous nonsense."
Are you here to kill Red and his men?
No afternoon fucks?
"Move over, shithead."
Drank Venus a little. Venus.
Of all the gifts you've bestowed upon me... ...none are a greater testament to your glory... ...than Chelsea's heavenly breasts.
"Damn it, I told you I didn't want any."
Where the fuck were you going?
You're a liar.
If the black book can bring dead people to life....
"Payson, is there anything we can... I suck today."
"Though I do not know for certain, I am convinced that the guard I entrusted to lead Durotan to safety summoned assassins to kill them instead.”"
"But he was ashamed of his stupid silence, and irritated by the awkwardness of the situation."
"And you... you're gonna crawl back under whatever rock you came from, or else I'll bury you."
It's stupid.
I wouldn't touch your filthy laundry.
"Gabby, she's miserable."
Shoot!
And I don't believe in wasting my time on lonely hotel employees and their insulting ignorance.
I'll have some of that decorative parsley. - And we'll both suck on ice chips for dessert.
"In your trashy mind, you twisted that into--"
"Look, I'm not gonna let some small-time wannabe thug punk me, Nina."
You look bloody awful.
"Hey, what the hell is all this racket?"
I'm not fuckin' stickin' my hand in there.
I look gay. But I'm not. ♪ ...Make love... ♪ It's probably because I'm petit.
I had to kill two people to get away.
You believe in this heaven shit?
Damn ! - You knew her too ?
"Yeah, like they're trying to ward off evil, or some shit."
He was talking about burning you in a fire.
"Well then, at least you'll die with a clear conscience."
"Bill, look away. I'm hideous."
Burn it. - I will.
It was used to kill Lieutenant Seabrook.
"Man: A crazy farmer named harold clark is driving up to washington, d.C."
Not before you bone them.
"Your suckatude knows no bounds, Batroc."
Fucking horrendous.
Here's my fucking reality!
"Why should I calm down, you pig!"
"She would wait three minutes by her watch, and if he wasn’t out by then she’d put the truck in gear and drive away, damned if she wouldn’t."
"Well, say what you want about ripper Stefan, but at least he wasn't a man slut."
So they fucked themselves.
What the hell?
Now before I sober up and get all fucking weird again.
I roll up here in the middle of the goddamn night to deliver 20 cases of champagne.
"I'm tellin' ou, he can tear it up, Right, Lump?"
"Are you trying to be, like, all lesbian on me?"
What do you know about free fuck?
Is she taking those damn pills again?
"Oh, Tonker, why the hell did you wait til youd got your trousers off before asking me that?"
That I should report to work tomorrow and kill Milan Knizac with a lethal injection.
Do you have any idea how much my actual life sucked?
"""I'm going to make you eat those lies!"""
I'm so damned ashamed.
Your bloody house just broke my light.
We die ... ... and the world will be poorer for it.
"Killing these people is a hard thing to justify, isn't it?"
"""or we hurl him back to damnation."""
Looks like one of them fancy prostitutes from the Promenade Hotel got herself cold busted.
"Today, you people are no longer maggots."
I'm-a have my boys submit your theory to a little academic review while I go sit my balls on some ice.
"It is so black, and pulpy, and salty..."
"crouching in the dark,just waiting to take a shot at me."
She's probably mad because she found out we're having sex.
"I know I've been a fool and I probably always will be, but Dolly, forgive me and marry me."
Then she'il drown.
"I mean, my God... - Fuck."
"Okay, well, he thinks... you're goofy."
I want her out of here.
I'm not a pussy.
"And even a number of the garrison soldiers, with those baby-clean, revolting competent Hell Hounds of his."
"Oh, watch your language, Mr. Dirty Mouth."
"Because I have a beautiful, young, fully-elasticized vagina."
They're like bad-ass cows.
You made fun of us. Said it was stupid.
"You have to get your shit together, Milo."
"I don't want to tell nobody nothing, not till we figure out what the fuck."
"Look me in the eye, gods damn it!"
"You don't act like my freaking husband, you act like my boss."
Hell be your friend from now on.
Elves shooting them down with arrows.
"""Now, Hasimir, don't be a sore loser."""
"No shit, she's dead!"
"Go and get Dom P. - yes, Mistress."
"Since the colored... ...the black staff does just as much work as the white staff,"
"You can't spell 'em for crap, but you know them."
"I think I'm just upset about this stupid thing with my dad. Well, sweetie, I'd love to hear about it when you come back with my heating pad from the pharmacy, because I hurt my back, remember?"
"Just as the wheat is separated from the chaff,... ..the unclean souls among usmust be taken away."
"Shit, most geniuses aren’t able to understand themselves, and many of them lead miserable lives, realizing (at least on some level) that they are nothing but fortunate freaks, the intellectual version of runway models who just happen to be born with the right cheekbones and with breasts which fit the image of an age."
That's gotta be the worst fucking excuse
"So if I were to drop this on the island from my plane, it would really suck for you."
"Come and get it, you hungry buzzards!"
He could be a goddamn cop.
I'm not fool enough to listen to no henchman.
I'm not gonna bribe you. I'm gonna break you.
I'm sure I stink like Lazarus.
"I don't know who came out of that cellar, but it sure as shit wasn't Dave."
Nothing like a good old Georgia ass-whupping.
You should follow my example sometimes play a little stupid...
Know this... I will take your soul myself if you fail.
Then we gonna get this damn party started.
Speaking of pussy... somebody killed the Holderman's cat and it was not the mountain lion.
"I'd love to see you try to turn your weasely little mouth into a fake smile, Day after day after day... While waving toodly-fucking-do to your best friend,"
"Well, if you want to please the Virgin Mary, remember that nothing is more repugnant to God then the sin of impurity."
Who the hell are you-- the end of the world?
"Thousands upon thousands of young, crazy college girls getting drunk"
We need a nasty Tanner.
You are sweet and trusting and kind and I'm the shit.
"""This junk captain better have something interesting to say,"" Tristan warned."
"So let me get this right, Gunner tries to kill you, you shoot him, at death's door he gives you the whole layout?"
Some day you should tell me how the hell you can let a guy like that go.
Swab her!
Go see What the fuck is going on.
I'm not dodging anything except for maybe your pathetic attempt at journalism.
I fucking turn around.
"If they did not have the guts to back him up, he would leave at once and they could hire some masochistic wimp who enjoyed presiding over a madhouse."
"Who gives a shit about Texas, anyway?"
"Hey, lester, where's your gross wife? Kendra:"
I have to go to this wedding and look like Miss Pretty Princess... in this dipshit's bridesmaid's dress.
"What the shit, Archer?!"
"That's what I used to call it. ""destroying pussy."""
"Remember, ain't no such thing as a coward out here."
Penis Andre is attacking
You know I want to kill you.
You're a weirdo.
"You know, I'm actually surprised you have the balls to show your face around here."
So which one of you losers is going to make sure that he gets there?
Fucker of mothers.
Damned Spanish flu!
"Sicilian grave robbers, Egyptian smugglers and Serbian mobsters."
"If the hammer drives the Goa'uld from him and he dies, so be it."
"Lili, will your mum dance naked for me? Say what?"
And give up the damn stone?
"I shall be happy to cooperate in any attempt - to stop further, useless killing."
"If you could just get your nose out of your own butt for five seconds, I could explain it."
"Every time I fucking take you out, you're fucking drunk."
"Damn, Wallace, nothin'."
"I was china's deadliest, most abusive kung fu master!"
'cause I'll throw every one of you out.
We can't take Johnny to the funeral in that ridiculous getup. SYLVIA:
(GASPING) And let you and that traitor continue plotting against me?
"Jesus, you look awful!"
"You think I'm bullshitting, right?"
"""How the hell should I know?"""
"Allah, the eternal. - say that I wanted Said dead."
"Ugh, white people."
"This sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts... 1.21 gigawatts!"
Nope. Not your prostate.
They need some weapons so they can show the neighbourhood niggers they mean business...
Dude fucking cut himself falling out of his time machine.
"'My dick!' Everybody, we're here to celebrate my... ...best friend, Danny!"
Personally I don't trust half the fuckin' troopers out there anymore.
Put your privates back in your pants and turn around.
"Suffice it to say, he's not a good person."
You've made this killer your personal bogeyman.
"He was thinking about developing a drug addiction, but that would be stupid."
Then you just shut up?
"""So why the hell are you hanging with them?"""
Fuckin' blinded me!
"You said I'd be dead in 30 days, well, howdy fuckin' doody, because it's a year later, and look who's still here."
I'd like... the skin of that old donkey in your stables.
"If so, then, dear Mother Dark, he was right in seeking to confound our understanding, in seeking to keep us from ever realizing his singular, pathetic goal."
"Sometimes you have to go on when you don’t feel like it, and sometimes you’re doing good work when it feels like all you’re managing is to shovel shit from a sitting position."
This is ridiculous. Violet's only 14. She can't be legally married.
"""I will execute and better your instruction."""
I'm going to go use these powerful hands to write that damn paper.
get rid of this scumbag!
Where the **** are you going?
Just kiss me and make sure Clapton sees that shit.
I gave Number 11 the strictest orders to eliminate him.
Go for the jugular!
The country is sick. And you're gonna get it to the hospital.
Put this in your mouth and lie down.
Don't-Don't be silly.
"We don't need a shit-ass manager, neither."
"And if he knew that you were in your bedroom having sex with lan, he would totally freak out."
Guy made 500 bucks a day tapping a damn pencil noon to night.
The arrow sticking through his mouth is making damn sure of that.
You spend more time womanizing than giving a shit about national security.
Just a weak-ass mayor of a broke-ass city.
"One along here sold for 850,000 a few weeks ago, it's ridiculous."
He's gonna skin me alive.
You'd be okay if Mark had kissed me and been naked with me... ...and made love to me?
You're gonna have a lot of fun carrying buckets of water up and down that fucker.
"Startled, Paithan began to wonder if the dwarf was insane."
You haven't even had sex with him.
By the way if you talk to that sheriff of yours again or if you don't show up at 4:00 I will burn your life and every person in it like a cane field in a high wind.
"She's all like, ""Oh, there's all these guys having sex with me for money."""
I'm gonna run this over with my car.
"Everybody in my kingdom, please pick one person from your family to die."
You stink as a warrior!
Can lesbians make babies?
"Somebody's gonna die, and it's not gonna be Tito, Joe."
"But he was as pale as that milk of yours, Archie."
Shit. He wants us to follow him.
What the hell did you do?
"She always said, ""A fat husband can't get far."""
She is miserable here.
"Hey, maybe Ullman will die this winter."
"I told you, it's not the fucking piece."
No man here touched that crazy girl.
They played fiddly-fuck for half a century before getting this far.
"Your canadian voice is so dull, I can't understand a word you're saying."
What the hell?
"For fuck's sake, Sharon, can you trust me, please?"
It made him a better thief.
Five hours? Couldn't you have just gotten me the death penalty?
"Kill your parents too? No, our parents will never let us stay out there late."
Those whores who'd let him put anything in their mouth to get their teeth tinkered with?
"So I'm sweating the cop that sold you the gun, because not only can I prove that his shooting was dirty, I can prove that your shooting was dirty, just like I can prove you're dirty."
To sleep now would be foolish.
I had a car. But I fucking smashed it.
"Maybe one's a poet,and one's a liar."
It doesn't mean you can't fuck this up.
See them from the fucking wagon!
Go ahead. Fire me.
"Fuck, I gotta go."
I see a pathetic shell of a woman I once loved and admired... who now bows at the feet of her masters.
"Tortured, then shot."
"Damn it, she's not coming."
She would tell you that I fall more into the idiot-man-child category.
"Over there, hunt him down!"
"Goddamnit, yes of course!"
They kill her?
No Arab quack is going to tell me... how to doctor.
I want to make love to you in my studio.
"But fuffers are small creatures... - Fuff, fuff, fuff. ...that are used to fuff in porn films. - Yeah."
First he would teach the Jews a lesson.
"Just get your shit and let's get out of here, okay?"
So you just killed them?
"I vow to serve you, obey you, to die for you if need be... but let him go, Khaleesi."
He is a traitor to his own people.
"It seems I've been tasked with doing what your coward of a boyfriend could not, which, by the looks of things, is dissuading you from whatever madness it is you're about to attempt."
"Merry Christmas, you hunk of burnin' Who!"
"Look, he wants to quit football, he can quit, but this mopey shit around the house, the attitude..."
"My wife, instant boner-giver."
"And if you get killed, who'il make yours?"
He almost danced me right down that garbage chute.
What? You're the girl that was with those arseholes throwing popcorn at Thumper.
"And if you stay on top of the goddamn net, you can take away all his angles!"
Or how to hit Charlie with short bursts... ...so your goddamn barrels don't overheat.
"Now, to someone who does not understand this... homosexual is what I am because I have sex with men."
Cow.
Cut it off!
So it's finally come home to him that the worst sexual perversion is chastity.
I'm gonna go home and have sex with my husband right now.
"Oh, this damn war!"
How the hell are you involved in this?
"Oh, shit."
Erica eats friends for breakfast and shits them out at lunch.
"We'll take one magnetic butthole, please."
You fucking know?
Knocked up a couple from behind bars by sneaking his sperm out.
Before they could kill him.
"""If he killed Peggy, then we'll handle it."""
Make another bullshit movie?
"Oh, crap. - Katie, who's Bones?"
What the hell are you doing?
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
"Daily call from Jude. Best friend. Head of investment at Brightlings Bank... who spends most of her time... trapped in the lady's toilet, crying over fuck wit boyfriend."
"Get your tubes filed with pus, then let some butcher cut them out in some dirty back room with no ether."
Would it be cooler to be slapped by time or fight until you're crushed like a butt?
I'm fucked up.
I'll choke you. I told you to stay away from...
"""He is hopelessly psychotic and he would have sent us back to The Valley."
It was only dumb blind luck that Heather hadn't succeeded in killing them both.
"And if you can, get hit by a car."
"Even if she got away with it in court-- crime of passion, temporary insanity-- those headlines would kill her."
"Cool it, bitch."
I ain't an idiot.
Don't kill him off!
Yeah well I don't need a future chip to know that he's lying his ass off.
Psychologists are just people who weren't smart enough to be psychics.
"Wild boar, my ass!"
They became victims of your accursed doom dogs.
Maybe you made a fool out yourself.
"Colonel John Rico, for incompetence of command... ... assault on a superior officer, and willful negligence... ... resulting in the deaths of several soldiers under your command... ... you are sentenced to hang by the neck until you are dead."
Where's my fucking money?
God damn it.
Do you have any idea how I don't give a shit?
"Jasper, give everybody in this motherfucker a drink on me."
"Here's for bringing the girl back. - Oh, shit."
You're fucking walking around like John Barrymore.
"Come, lie on top of me."
Poses a very difficult Situation. I would love to beat my mother
Then get your ass in this trunk...
It'd almost be impressive if she wasn't such an evil creature.
"It's a goddamn cakewalk, Joe."
We'll tell him you have diarrhea.
"I'll take care of the squealing, wretched, pinhead puppets of Gotham."
Just fucking call them.
"Oh, you going to be happy once he's dead?"
"Goddamnit, I wanna talk to him."
They're killing them.
"We thought it was your sniper, but it turned out to be a suicide attempt."
I guess they named a lot of that Southern trash after old Stonewall.
ANSWER YOUR FUCKING PHONE!
"Kick ass tomorrow night, or else!"
I'm going to send a big ghost after you.
Usual shit. Some Japanese guy got his suit ruined at Cirque du Soleil.
What the hell do they need you for?
"The winesellers and sausage makers were doing a brisk trade, and whores walked brazenly among the stalls and pavilions."
Sell all the shit and give the money away.
"And if you don't boil your water, you want-- you want parasites inside of you?"
"""Damn!"" said Fred Fine."
"I know that it was a stupid thing to do, but Paul can be a very determined man and that can be hard to resist."
Maybe God was saving you to be screwed by thieves.
Get your fucking hands off of her!
This Il Duce's a fuckin' animal.
Nobody has ever called me pathetic.
"All this fuss, all this grief, because some fool spaceman more than a century ago didn't have sense enough not to tamper with native life until protocol had been worked out."
"We kill off the Soviet Union , Hendley thought, and we expected everything in the world to settle down."
Kill me first.
"If this kid's dad isn't here in one second, he's going in the garbage can."
"You're too small, you're too short."
Kill it. Sounds familiar.
"You look like shit, Jack."
You're a burden to me.
Idid not go over there to make love to you.
Do you have any idea who the fuck I am?
"By the way, Becca and I are done, so feel free to go take advantage and poke around that cumhole all you want 'cause I don't care anymore."
"A cop's the last person a civilian wants to see... until some shitbag shoves a gun in his face... and then we can't get there fast enough, right?"
"You know, also, that for a number of years I've been trying to get control of it. Or kill it."
"Any jackass can point a finger, but that ain't evidence."
Get garbage food out of the lunchroom now.
Senile delinquents.
Please get us out of here. -Shut up!
Who turned my client into a goddamn vegetable?
We're fuckin' almost Oscar Mike.
I've had sex with him.
You're telling me the fucking SNEU team was going after drug dealers?.
You weren't fucking kidding.
"And you two dimwits, don't leave the cage until that backlog of repairs are finished."
"I promise, I'll never think of Betans as cowards again."
"Do it. Shit, you got nothing to lose."
He's MEAT.
They'il be hung one at a time until they give up the rest of us.
When everybody's lives are fucked up?
"I mean, how many times do I need to get screwed before I learn my lesson, you know?"
Meaning you're cleaning this entire fucking mess up.
"For God's sake, Miller, will you take your balls out of your wife's purse... ...and finger the dirtbag?"
You know I'll clown it.
Although these days a freakin' Petri dish can be a father.
You slaughtered my people.
"Damn! Man, that boy listen to anyone?"
Then I fucked your daughter.
I should be dead already.
There's an infection in his brain.
"Listen, a kid lost his fucking leg here last year."
Kinda foolish to trust a stranger with a hunk of diamond like that.
"""Oh, rubbish."
If it turns out you set this whole thing up to fuck up my marriage...
"I got the mayor,the commissioner,every news agency,hell,I even got my own mother crawling up my ass."
Would you screw some guy's wife and leave your card on his pillow?
"I might fucking lose things, but I wouldn't lose a pal's ashes."
But you're Indian!
"What do you mean, kill you?"
"In short, like me, you are a freak of nature."
Shoot. I like to party with my girlfriend.
I see weird things... some dirty girls.
Let 'em starve.
You won't kill the witch with that attitude!
"In South Africa, we call the blacks ""kaffir"", like you call them ""niggers"""
"Fool! Drool will see you before you reach Warrenbridge!"""
She has killed six of our nobles.
"I don't care, but your girly whining is upsetting the level of manhood in here."
Damn man wanted to check out every aspect of this theatre.
"""I don't want to know,"" he said, answering her dumb appeal."
I saw that once on a cat... .. after my mate Stevie shoved a Hoover up its arse.
The woman can kick the shit out of both of us!
"It's a damned disgrace, the amount of good game going lost of late."
"You're welcome. the Beatle's second movie was Help, you moron."
"If I do get grabbed, I'm gonna let them know you're a dirty-ass cop."
I hope the police do come here. You freak!
"You've just got a collection of broken, mushed-up organs in a big, ginger, sweaty skin sack."
"If it gets frantic, it will die in 2 weeks."
Mom wrote saying the cocksucker died last Christmas.
What the hell is that?
They seemed to think I'd get their son killed.
"Here's a fuckin' guy kills two of Remo's guys... and a poor fuckin' waitress who was just workin' on her night off, of all things."
Why don't you make me shut up?
"For all our hubris, So much ignorance remains In western healing."
Everything I say kills her.
Troubled classmates who could kill her.
You mean its growing chimp DNA in your brain?
Blessed are they... Three. who convert their neighbor's asses.
"Yeah, and I'm gonna open up my own line of personal Nubian hygiene products, featuring deodorant because the black man has a different kind of funk!"
Someone wanted to kill us!
But that rat's always dragging in trash with writing on it.
"You've no proof of anything, Jess Parker. Not a damn bit of proof."
"When I was a kid, I imagined a big fuck-off house in London, this house."
like you did the naked guys last night.
"Don't make-up his mouth, he's got fat lips!"
"If you're kicked around long enough, you get to be a real professor of pain."
"Turn me in, and you'il live alone in a house of blood."
Perhaps he is senile and should go to a mental hospital.
"You will be annihilated in the past, as well as in the future."
Faces are a doddle compared to tits and ass.
"The truth is, I can't even fuck with you right now, rene."
I covered your butt on last month's paperwork.
Knew that killing a Mistress is a perfect way ... Create ... a ghost.
"""And you were only too happy to come and decide whether it might be possible to kill me."""
What the hell are you looking at ?
All that military history -- most of it was useless.
"She likes being the successful sister with a husband and kids, while I'm the single, pathetic one who has to send herself flowers on Valentine's Day."
"You don't know what the fuck I'm talkin' about, do you?"
Don't shoot him.
What the hell is that all about?
Who sued the crap out of you.
You're gonna make your girlfriend give me an STD test again?
But I walked down the street wanting to have sex with every woman I saw.
How would you like it if you were the poor schmuck being cheated on?
"Well, we gotta do something about this frickin' swing set."
Three more minutes before they execute the first hostage.
I don't have anything against that bitch Jill Harmon.
I serve a Christian pope so you can remain a Jew.
"I hope you got a good lawyer, because, uh, we got you coming out of the social club on tape with your big shiny penis extension."
What the hell are you doing'?
"If you'd have shot him, he'd be dead?"
Fuck him!
"Nina hates everyone, including herself and me."
"As if anyone would ever want to sign with this fucking degenerate lunatic, right?"
"We called you, and we bugged the fuck out of you on your show."
"I told you, you asshole!"
I'm a private dick on a case.
"Unless, of course, the anger that you've suppressed finally bubbles over and you mouth off to the wrong person and you get your ass fired."
"They all ended up in the trash, blinded by your..."
"If you don't want my help, just get your ass back in that district and hash it out with Sergeant Platt."
"I got you riled up, you oversold giggle pig, and now you're running an expensive task force in a time of budget cuts."
You kill them?
We have to get him out before they kill him.
"All we got towas that street-level asshole, Pitarrio."
That place was so insane.
All I see are Jews against Jews.
"And some men are peninsulas. """
"Yesterday, I felt so stupid in front of school with Coralie."
I think Cochran's a lunger.
"You can rot on him though, but you won't get Jason's horror of you."""
She's a GELF.
"That and the one you hired to drug Logan Barrett, who everyone knew hated his wife enough to kill her."
"You couldn't hide behind books... ...or your fricking telescope,or your faith."
"This church is going to be here long after your little brat has grown up, ripped a few people off and died unloved in his Spanish retirement villa."
"I could even blow out my brains, before they get screwed up."
How many people have you had vaginal intercourse with?
Don't die on me now.
I probably sucked more today than anyone in the history of Kung Fu. In the history of China. In the history of sucking.
"The book, motherfucker."
The hell else am I good for?
We'll show him who's stupid.
You sold me... queer giraffes.
I don't give a damnwhat you do to me.
"""You don't think you can beat the buggers unless you know them.”"
"They're liars! They'll say anything to get what they want just like Marcel, just like you."
"As she got up, he caught a flash of her butt, as bare as the day she'd been born, and the most amazing thing happened: he started getting hard in his pants."
I'm a dirty little beast.
Would killing that child give us that?
"I didn't like the way he said it, so I said, ""The reason she did that, she probably just didn't know what a handsome, charming bastard you are."
Not with his boot on my throat and his partner kicking me.
Because I'm full of foolish ideas.
Get the fuck out of my house!
"You're quitting? I didn't want to rub your nose in it, but Charlie sent me a big-ass check, so I'm out of here."
"Then again, I'd probably cry too if I had to have sex with that woman."
"At seventeen years of age, Crokus had seen enough whores and dancers not to tremble agape at a woman's exposed virtues; even still his gaze lingered."
Let's see what kind of Casanova you are when you're paying full price for your boner pills.
"Okay, can you shoot us out a copy of that photo?”"
"""Maybe the whole damn thing's a joke?"""
I don't think I wanna fuck a stranger.
Will you really have me cut off your little girl's fingers?
That was teleplasm? Damn!
"That's dirty, Eli. No."
'Guards!' she called and in an instant a pair appeared.
Somebody should test that dog for steroids.
"Have the coffee here by 10:00, or Arthur's gonna kill me!"
A dagger and a mace to kill the monster.
You're not fucking married.
Temporary wave guide shutdown in three minutes. Shit.
"“The Hanged Man,” the man in black said."
Killing the head coach-- not exactly a shrewd business strategy.
Paranoid.
You see this is how crazy Batman has made Gotham.
"No. Could be that sewer rat, Sky."
Do you want to come in my mouth?
With some faerie vampire murderous fuck.
I can't give the order to kill Jack Bauer.
"Shut down, Alex."
"Shut up. - John, he's right."
You're a porn actor who wants to know what a porno film is about?
Nasty Elves twisted it.
"Hey, that's my coffee, you jerk!"
I'm suppose to hobble them to death?
Bloody Stupid Johnson's approach to music was similar to his approach in every field that was caressed by his genius in the same way that a potato field is touched by a late frost.
Primitive man was a puny creature hiding in the crevices of the rocks.
Get up! Get the fuck up! (GRUNTING)
You don't know how to solve the problem that's right in front of you. You're just like every tin-pot dictator I've ever had to shake hands with.
The fuck? Cut it! Cut it!
What does the goofball think of your profession?
"You understand. Speaking as your lawyer, I'm always looking for billable hours. But speaking as your business associate... ...I'm strongly advising that you get your shit together."
What the hell's that supposed to mean?
Then his arms and his legs would be hacked away.
Anya's the type who'd smile at a child molester.
"And if it does, we'il just play dumb and tell her to talk to our lawyer."
"""Oh my God, do black people even eat soup?"""
"Hey, fucko, you forget four of our guys got killed?."
I paid for your insanity and then I paid to get you sane.
"Now... this girl knew Max only by name, and she hated his guts."
Fumigate them.
Fucking Cameron.
"Fuck them, tell them you love them, they'll do anything for you."
I cannot listen to this shit for another six months.
It should be me wearing that damn ring.
Throw them away!
I've cut them.
"If you ever try to take it off, the cops come, and they throw your ass in jail."
"You know,people think you're this weird robot man who's so annoying all the time, and you totally are."
You can jol - you can damn well find another witch for Lancre!
Treat her like crap?
It felt good because I was shivering like a bastard.
I'm here to be your patsy. I'm old and you're new.
He was an infidel.
"Destroy my younglings, will you?"
And that's the only thing that stops us from waking up in the morning and having our Wheaties... and blowing our fucking brains out.
"Yeah. Come on, we're fucked."
"This time, I can't bring myself to tell him to shut up"
Who the hell do you think you are?
"You fill out a suit nicely, and I'm sure you're good at sucking up."
Holy crap! I was freaking out.
You're gonna kill him!
around places where our filthy toxic waste is dumped.
The parents are very irritating.
"He's one of the old-time Jews, a pessimist, and a whiner."
We got to dump them now.
"Hey, the world's a shit-hole, ain't it?"
"You talking to me, jerk off?"
We fight in France and the French fucking hate us.
"ANGEL: Hey, you hurt her, you scum!"
It's amazing the rubbish some people spout when they're trying to save their lives.
"You don't know a goddamn thing about me, you know that?"
"They'd fuck if they could. I know. But they can't, so they just kiss for hours."
Fiona meant Killing Me Softly.
They killed Viktor and now they're going to kill my Klaus.
"Come on, Max, get your ass down here."
Jane pretty much told him he was getting sex and when to show up for delivery.
But if you do... ...you better play with control... ...or you'il get slaughtered.
But say you're... in a Caribbean bungalow and you're kind of high. An exotic woman on the bed... now is she just the high-priced whore you asked for?
"Me and my loser friends, you know, we gotta go get Aerosmith tickets."
It's dumb but it scares me.
"Oh, by the way, did I tell you I've got my old dressing room back for Dick the Shit? Yeah!"
"Lf you two meatheads want to throw away everything we've worked for,"
I even screweda beautiful brunette.
I'll whop you real good if you don't get out of my way.
The rest of us are only sidekicks.
"You're too late, arse crack. We'll all of us be paid in full before you've found the end of Leman Street."
"Either while he had been eating his second order of bacon or taking his first shit as a human being, Mr Gray had cut the line."
It's fucking money. Real shit.
Poor Abbott has jock itch.
"Tonight, you pukes will sleep with your rifles!"
"All right, you malingerers. Now hear this!"
I guess it' s just a way of telling you... ... how bad I feel about being such a shit.
Nurse.
I spoke to Homer fucking Simpson.
"I hate to tell you guys, but this is real bullshit."
Like going to Sir Frankie's tonight and getting shitfaced.
I'm smart. You're dumb.
But it'll give us a matri-fucking-lineal match To his mother.
But take off your fucking clothes. No.
"I don't want to belittle your problem, but are there women out there who will have sex with me just because they're mad about something?"
Poor bastardnever met a bottle he didn't like.
Your monster... Your monster killed my planet. - Our ship crashed.
Kick her out in the street where we found her.
"Later on, he brought his friends over and they had sex with me, too.”"
"I was hoping you would change your mind about this stupid marriage if we caught Sabrina cheating on you, but unfortunately, her party was pretty lame. ♪ ♪"
"Picked him up in a Texas town a few years back, liing off café garbage. Couldn't speak a word of English."
Most bitching car ever made.
Tell Sergeant Warden to let that poor wretch Harald free.
Get off me!!
"He says what he doesn't know, he'll make up, and, you know, gory things, shoot-'em-ups and midnight rides and women tearing out their hair."
"Oh, bloody hell."
"Hey, come do a buttery nipple!"
She will render you useless and you will suffer.
Your friends been coming by the house and asking questions while I'm waiting for the goddamn phone to ring.
"And here you are getting drunk,having sex with strangers in a public restroom."
It's a real swell shit-hole of a swamp.
I was downright ugly.
Shut up and listen.
"""All mankind will be damned if we don't meddle."""
I want to look...fucking mean.
"I mean, they're tight as a chinchilla's ass, and they don't care if you listen to them because most of the time, they've got nothing to say."
"Point is, someone out there wants you dead, and we both need to know who."
"Oh, shit. Seismologists have marked the epicenter at a trendy loft district... ... whose residents are attractive twentysomethings... ... who dance to bad '80s music... ... wear Abercrombie & Fitch, and like to drink light beer."
"Physically, this thing to kill her."
"I'll bet you it's that fuck, Kearney."
I was at your funeral. You're dead!
Go on... hit him! What are you waiting for?
You're always so fucking sure.
...attack... ...and brutally murder his wife.
"Crooked cops, federal prosecutors, prison officials."
"Why are you fucking with me, Louis?"
You've caused more damage than that goddamn thing did!
Shit I'll handle it.
It's a clichéd fucking '80s video.
I want you to take them... ...and I want you to disappear.
"Go, get the hell out of here."
Don't kill my dad!
"They got the courage to be drunken buffoons, which makes them poetic."
We cannot risk our lives trusting her stupid visions.
He's talking about a fuckin' shiny gun. Big fuckin' deal.
If you do not act quickly... you will soon cement an awful fate for yourself... a life with no hope of repair... which has already begun to turn desperate and dumb.
"I just took a bullet, sir."
Who shat in his wine sack?
And now it looks like we're handing out fucking tour guides!
You think I want to be stacked here with a chick... ...who can't even put a fucking make-up?!
We got a woman shot in the face.
"Uh, your kicks are gone all ghetto."
Fuck. We'll see.
Do you have so little regard for music that you'd waste your voice singing rubbish?
"It's a fantasy, now, for fuck's sake, you've had your revelation, can we get on with this, what did you call it, Frankie?"
"You're acting all gangster, stealing cars, hanging out with thugs. Well, you know what?"
Did he try and blame it all on me because it was his fucking idea.
I thought you'd suck my dick for getting Richard's name in the paper.
And it's about damned time. If you ask me.
"What the hell have you done with my daughter, Nica?"
"Listen, maybe your students will be immune to the lure of Cal Manchester's bottomless fucking pockets."
Look at all this damn money.
"Damn it, Roberto, I'll leave when everyone leaves!"
"The Lush and the Bitch, known as the Sodersons in politer circles, were standing right in the middle of the street up by the end of the block . . . although now Marielle was tugging Gary in the direction of their house, and he seemed to be going."
"For Christ sakes, can I please get a cup of water ? - shut up, goddam civilian !"
Poor bastards.
"What the fuck are we going to do, Bobby?"
Do this and you'll become what Rome tried to make you - animals!
Is this hospital called St Crock of Shit?
So you actually want warm poop to fall from the sky?
What the hell did that old shepherd tell you?
You have no fucking right!
Shoot. I'd forget my head if it wasn't screwed on.
I fuckin' told you it was going to come to this.
I only called you because we have to go to that stupid thing together.
"They're a big, fat lie."
"Jazhara looked at James with a wry smile and a twinkling eye and said, ""There's something occurring in Krondor about which you're ignorant?"""
"Aw,damn it!"
You should've let me whack him.
"She stinks a bit, but we could wash her."
"BECKER: Come here, you little son of a bitch!"
"You gotta check out this life-sized fucking panda bear they got in their living room, half burnt."
Are you one of the retarded cousins?
You're not goddamn goin'.
"Hey, fuck you and... fuck you."
"Okay, now this time, Uh-huh. you're gonna lick the salt... off my neck... ...do the shot... ...and then bite the lime."
So you could call me a fool?
"Sean, this rat's reached the end of the maze."
The hell if I know.
Dirty ... ...
"Yeah, surrounding your pussy."
I ain't your fuckin' dog.
"Shoot, I know where they go, old-timer."
There are miserable; and I have a scare you.
Though shooting up Demiche's seemed like a bad idea.
"You know you guys suck, right?"
We need to remove your eye.
If I call you next December... if I call you next December... you're gonna be so happy to hear from me you're gonna do a goddamn backflip.
"This sucks, let's get something to eat."
"Shit, it doesn't reach."
"Holy shit. Oh, my gosh. It's so great to finally meet you."
Do you want to get hit once before you sleep?
"Now this lot has a 20-foot frontage, a 14-foot backage and a mighty fine garbage."
So damn complicated
"Jennifer Keating. Well, her only motive is revenge. Like you say, that's just not logical... and despite her being, you know, a sex kitten scientist, she's still logical."
"Know yourself as well as you know your fuckin' enemy... and only then will you, can you win a thousand times in a row."
Fucking let me go.
"They'll get the police, the army, and hunt us down like dogs, off-camera, of course."
"You people are so old, You're wasting our nation's health care resources."
"That was the worst final shoot-out I've ever fucking seen, man."
"Yeah, I think I have a plan to cog up this mama maniac--"
"She had golden hairs, teeth as white as pearls... ...and the asshole of a 7-year-old."
"Look, if you want to play a game, I've got a proper game, not a shit one."
"You know, if I hadn't seen you eat shit at the X Games last June, maybe you'd stand a chance."
"""Or just deny them blood after their injuries, and they'll die."
"A draw check is now the least of your goddamn concerns, and I think I'll start with you, ma'am."
What the fuck.
Strangled her with a piece of flex.
You're fucking kidding me.
So... who do I have to fuck to get off this boat?
"I did something, okay? To get on the dropship. Something that they will kill me for when they come down."
You get the fat one.
Just one more dead one.
"Sucks for you, dude."
I need you to get your crap and get out.
"The customers want to sleep with a shot girl like Meghan Daniels, who you hand-picked."
"Just a normal, not famous boring-ass family man."
what? - it's poop. I don't like it.
"""Shut up."
The blood of your deaths shall be the eternity Of OUR resurrection.
"It sounds stupid, but it's really funny."
You take the opposition research and you put it in the garbage.
I don't want your bloody money.
"He came down on me, as if he hadn't fucked in 10 years."
Holy shit!
"No, goddamn it!"
There are 50 freaking Bernards in here.
Let's go sexing I'll say I love you
"""I expect we'd all be dead without him."""
It would've been easier to have been hung by the roof by my toenails.
"If that bullet reaches us, we're dead."
She stinks of booze
You're a terrible shot.
"Go get me a glass of water, fatty."
"Oh, and stop fucking."
Y ou could be dead.
Let die the woman you love...
"You know, kid, I think maybe you're a hustler."
Twist his head off!
Terrorist.
"You and I, we look ridiculous Take a look"
"Bro, she lets me do whatever the fuck I want."
We'll smell the stench for a fucking week.
"""Bloody rubbish."
"Yo, what the hell are you doin'?"
You can wait that long to die.
"Children and animals hate you, Ron Burgundy! I would eat dolphins if it was legal!"
Blade... the daywalker-- still pursuing his ridiculous crusade.
"Whose fucking fault was it, Adam?!"
Damn the American!
He's gonna get crushed!
"You think it's silly, right?"
Hellhole.
Struck through the heart with an arrow.
I-- I'd sure hate to have to shoot somebody who was trying to abandon me out here.
"You out there all by yourself, needing a ride in the night... in the dark, with your fucking wrist."
So I can be told I'm sick by some macho know-it-all jackass in scrubs?
"Slave hunters raided Indian villages, taking women and children."
Mod parasites!
"I can't pile on and bother the president with my hooker troubles, Liv."
"I want you on all fours, like your dog."
And for the first time in my life it felt like someone actually gave a shit.
Kill yourself in the motorcycle today.
"With my weak-willedgirlie mind, I'll go too."
"Because if they're there and the Volturi kill Edward, they'll fight them."
And you put your sister and the boys in this shit?
"It stinks, mate!"
You think I told her to kill you?
Who's the psycho skank now?
I gotta- hit me back later.
"He loved life as much as any man, and he'd never expected to be caught any more than the most foolish of street criminals did."
Goddamn! - (Manny) Never been in a sewer before?
You got a fag?
Oh. You look like hell.
"The heroic stuff, your fucking territory."
For a fucking bomb.
It's nice to be with a fucking grown-up for once.
"You know your fucking problem, eh, woman?"
What other criminal nonsense are they up to?
"So, um you just wanna go to the boardwalk and sell some shit?"
Then fucking show me.
Pheasant hunting is ridiculous.
I am going to make you suffer.
I've had a shit day.
"'Yes, they fought well, and they die damn well, too."
I didn't come to Europe just to hang out... and read Hemingway in Paris and shit like that.
Do you understand how much shit we're in?
My damn car.
You know you'll have to kill… kill a dragon.
They won't be hard to fix. You are insane.
Didn't these... whatever they are... didn't they also kill their children?
"I'm like, screw that. They're all in the pond"
"We officially shut down at midnight, but all calls are being diverted, so we might as well be closed now. We could start gettin' fucked up real early!"
"You're a murderer, Thelma."
"No, I'm a fucking joke."
"He's killing people, Amy."
"My initials on your backside. Now, that's quite an image."
I only have to hit you once.
Fabian is a sissy!
"Now, you can either come with us willingly or I'm gonna knock you the fuck out and carry you there myself."
"Get your ass back up there, and save your father."
Kill him. He's no friend of mine
Fucking cool!
"Okay, are you fully committed to living an authentic life, or are you just acting out some Hank-Thoreau-at-Walden-Pond fantasy shit from seventh grade English?"
"That sounds so fun, but we can't because we don't have time. - Oh, darn."
"Quit fucking around, man."
"Yeah, I hearted them, too, until they signed to a major label, and the lead singer turned into a total bitch and ruined my life forever."
We could never finish it because the A4 key was fucked up.
"Just because you're Samurai, don't act so damned important."
They were fucking laced in embalming fluid.
I have beared you two brats from the moment I came to this house
Bullshit. I ain't goin` anywhere with you.
"I didn't kill your sister, it was two gold prospectors."
"We've had sex, for Christ's sake."
"Can I ask a question, sarge? Why the fuck are we following Captain Queenan?"
"Find Katherine, get the cure, get out before you get your neck snapped again."
I think I'm about to pay for this shit.
"Number one, never touch a Hmong person on their head, not even a child."
You haven't seen your daughter in 4 years... 2 and a half. ...and you go to Berlin and fuck it up?
I'm mentally incompetent and can't manage daily life.
"The door crashed open and the piano player made his ridiculous, knock-kneed run for the sun."
"Oh, my God, Bateman. Do you want me to fry you up some fucking potato pancakes ?"
I just want to beat him so bad.
I feel like I'm in a Zen fucking garden now.
"""Don't be foolish,"" Simon said, and stepped forward, offering his own crossed wrists."
"Look... the killer kills her friend, her boyfriend, her mother and the dog."
Sweet potato fucking fries.
"If anybody asks me, shit, I'll lie."
You bastard You killed my only brother. and I've come to make you pay
You could've got us killed.
"You bastard, one more word from you and you'll eat shit. Got it?"
I fucked the shit out of my 20's.
"Yeah, you can't sit with us, weirdo."
Sandy Taylor's fucking ridiculous.
"I guarantee you, the woman is having a cocktail, laughing her ass off."
Just like sex.
"Comtesse Ninon de Larroque, it has been proven in the sight of God that you are a practising witch who has consorted with the Devil."
All my friends would kill for it.
Niggas is shooting in there.
"Swim, little spermies."
"My duty, sir, to see to it that the boy did not make a foolish error in judgment."
If you were dead.
Get off me!
I thought she was some sort of mummified beast.
Is not this better? They all die.
Sal the Geep is keeping all the shit down in Florida.
"I called this meeting because, as all you drivers know, the Nürburgring is the most stupid, barbaric, outdated and dangerous track in the world."
"If you gave me the proper tools, I could-- -Junk it!"
Damn right you won't.
I don't want my daughter around all the scum.
I really am a nut case.
"Tonight, at Styx Club, let's start some shit!"
"If she doesn’t turn you into a eunuch, I will.’"
"Oh, hell, can't I just get a tetanus shot or something?"
And I'll be damned if I let everything we fought for go to shit.
Shut up. Where's Levon?
Her uncle is the bloody King of France.
What the hell are you doing here?
Tequila's so trashy.
"Let me just call chief running bear and tell him, ""sorry. The white man has broken"""
"If he flees, he dies."
"Would you get out of the water, stupid?"
"Commander, that puppet..."
Bull dykes can get pregnant.
"Drugs are one thing the locals at least pretend to care about, but some border guards are more open to negotiation than others—hell, they probably all are, or damned nearly all."
I have two fucking Fs and two C minuses.
It's not a pool. It's a fire pit for your mother.
"I am about to kick the bucket, don't lie to me."
"I'm right behind you, you little fuck."
I'm stuck in a glass house with crazy white people.
You kill my son!
Or I'm fucking dead.
Burned to death or trampled underfoot by the monster.
"I bailed him out of jail, and helped him rescue his experimental stocks from the idiot creditors who'd confiscated 'em."
Gay couple fucking.
"""I just couldn't stand it no more. Signed, Mrs. Wilberforce. "" and then somebody goes down and hangs her."
"""lnfact, I am the new Goddamn mayor of this town."""
So am I. What is fat bastard ale?
"I'm in the wrong damn job, man."
Damn. sorry.
Still wanna make fun of my fucking vest?
"No, the guy's just a bit crazy."
Damn bunch so never know what's going to happen.
"Try acid, Ray. - Shit."
"Witches were probably just messing with your head, trying to teach you a lesson."
"One, I will find Castle... ...and I will kill him slowly and painfully."
They matter to me. They matter more than this freak you invited.
You tried to kill yourself?
Totally gross.
Must have bought the bugger out!
"Except Chase's, they're just goofy."
I know it's not important to you and that she's just a girl in a stupid band.
(Whispers) Yeah. I pawned that land of ours off on some Internet fool from Seattle willing to pay twice what it's worth.
He saw himself - his own body - sitting stupidly on the cushions at Salmissra's feet.
"By then, you'il be kicking it on the beach in Tampa,"
Clotaire is the class dunce.
Bitten his fucking nose.
My husband is stoned and running amuck.
Gang up on me now that you and Studmeister General here have taken your male and female juices and mixed them all together into a flagrant smorgasbord of bodily soup.
A pleasure. You're worse than the thugs you represent.
"Be a man and admit it. Or-- Or don't. But please, please don't pretend that you give a shit."
Your bad? What the hell are we gonna do now?
I just think there's less political garbage.
This man would steal your moms if he wanted corn bread.
Get your head out of your ass and look at me.
"One, I stab this shard so deep in your neck that no amount of magic will save you, or two, you hightail your ass out of this building and never come back."
She's fucked up.
"Now get in here, sailor."
Do you ever fucking learn?
"You know, I could have you killed for drinking anything but a Coke around here."
He's a leper!
I'm a Russian officer on his knees... ...you animals.
"He's not just plain incompetent, he's after us."
You want to be dirty with me?
"Now, I know the lines are busy, people, but keep dialing in if you want a truly exceptional knife to slice up your friends in their sleep."
They'll sniff that out right away. - They'll kill him.
Then what the hell are you doing here?
"He was taking the piss, for fuck's sake. That's nice."
"Now, what the hell is this shit?"
"Say it Bob. Sorry about that ""Go to hell"" thing earlier."
You're going to have sex with Kathleen?
"I wouldn't sleep with eitherof your sisters,"
He would bury African-- or I guess I should say African Americans.
Shit What is the matter?
I wanted to say a proper farewell before Keeper Agruss puts you to death.
But is there any other fuckin' way to police?
"If I draw his blood and inject myself, my levels would spike that high."
Why would somebody take a shot at you and dump a body?
You wanna cut me off at the fucking knees?
"Shit. Ice, I can't get a tone."
We're murdering them!
That's the fat Captain
The Negro spread his gentle brown hands.
Throw the imposter to the unagi!
"No, blow it out, doofus."
"Killed his dog, shot me."
"We're not going to the fucking seaside, Gal."
"""Yes, basketball, you egghead."""
Isn't that sick?
"Shit, I've called you yesterday evening."
"You can die and lose your shit, or you could live, go make some more shit."
"Don't fuckin' worry about it, okay?"
"Look, we do nothave the money to come here, so why don't you just cut to the chase and tell me what you want to say, oh wise ass?"
"Don't worry, Marge. As a favor to you, I'm enrolling that precious little jerk in this fresh air summer camp."
You walk away now and there's a chance I might not kill you.
What the hell is going on?
You knucklehead.
You don't get to where I'm at by being a pussy.
"No! No, we're gay."
"So, you expect to raise a baby with me And text dirty messages to every other girl at this school If I don't give it up to you every day?"
And when I catch him... he'll wish he had killed me when he had the chance.
I'll cum 3 times... 4 and 5!
You want to see me go crazy again?
"Well, did it ever occur to you that maybe boys are pure poison, too?"
"Shit, yeah. Got my technique down and everything."
It was time now to infect India.
"Tell me, when did Anke and Tobi have sex?"
"I don't find exact fucking words for it, but it fucking disturbs and concerns me."
Tortured me emotionally... ...sexually.
"""Plug your ears and open your mouth."""
Can you please move your nuts?
Damned strange ones.
Get your shit off my car.
"You're such a dope, aren't you?"
Do you really want to put a bullet in that?
Is that so fucking hard?
You don't even get how badly I am burning you right now.
"'And then I got married - ' he said, 'and the wife started having kids right away, and I opened a damn diaper service with a buddy, and the buddy ran off with the money, and the wife kept having kids."
"I got to move on this shit today, or I got a war on my hands, bro."
"It won't kill you, my friend, but it will put you in a stupor."
"Beheaded them all and divvied up their property . . . those were the days!"""
"One of them's a rapist, and the other is the victim's brother. He caught the guy doing this to his sister, and dragged him in."
Mexicans out of the fucking kitchen!
You Jedi are far too reckless.
He'd torture them if they'd lose.
"Larry, Georgia, listen to me. I want you to skewer him."
And I would rather be damned if I don't.
If this thing kicks me...
Nobody fucks me!
One less thing I gotta fucking worry about.
I told him to shoot the radio.
Get ready to bust the three men!
He's a total dick-head.
"Aaron, I know you think it's too soon, but you're no good to anyone when you're miserable."
Dad's gonna skin your ass when he finds out you're hanging out with that kid.
You've got to yell that shit!
That witch with the Bible is related to a wannabe Ivan the Terrible?
You must say that you killed her. Are you insane?
"To the losers, well, their season is over."
Fuck. There's no signal.
"Where are our children, you witch, you - ??!"
You're a miserable pain in the ass. But I'm worried about you.
"I didn't die on your toilet, I'm not going to die in your arms."
"""And we'll all feel gay When Johnny comes marching home"
"Young man, my daughter is planning a foolish action, and she'll be punished."
"I mean, every day. For months or years, till you're dead."
It was a fuckin' paradise.
You've got school. - Fuck school.
I don't care if I get slapped up the side of the head nine times out of ten.
"We'll be real glad when we get rid of you, Somerset."
Mama says it's 'cause he's a devil worshiper.
Quiet you fools! Spend you coins or go!
"Stefan was worried that you... that I would what, what I would kill him?"
"I mean, I find a stout brute, put him on a horse, put him in a field, and tell him to shout on about how he's fearsome old kensei."
"Baby, I am tied to a tree in a jungle of mystery, and I just got tortured by a damn spinal surgeon and a genuine lraqi."
"Damn, my face is so dry."
"Finally got you, Serento. Your ass is mine."
"He behind his cage, crazy, crazy. Everybody laugh."
So if I see some Mexicans and I throw this up And this means Ya basta.
"Drop dead! - Congratulations, Jure!"
Are you an asshole now?
Like fight those motherfucking giant things?
I want you to come for me like it's the last fucking time.
"Yeah, well, people can be such judgmental assholes."
That bitch attacked me!
Not nice; very cruel wicked Men they look.
"Man, get that car the fuck away from here you understand?"
There was semen present.
You'il ruin the bloody video!
"Graz, detonate the trenches."
Go ahead. Blow.
By the way you know you're crazy?
I feel entirely foolish.
If you still want to marry I'll give you a curse for a dowry
"Shit, where's my piece?"
"And this isn't ""Go out and have sex with 10 million people."" And, you know, ""How to get a girl off."" It's about how to get your wife off."
All I need is one stinking neck joint.
That's so gross.
I tried to commit fucking suicide because...
"""I to be with a lot of turn-on! ""How could I be so imbecile?"
You're a lunatic with a mad man's dream of a milk-proof robot!
"Matt, we're getting as crazy as he is."
Let's not go do anything stupid.
"She was upset about a lot of things, especially that whole fuckin` Lester Diamond incident."
You're the completely inexperienced girl who fucked our new conductor in order to worm her way into the oboe section past hundreds of far more qualified musicians.
"Man, what's your damn problem?"
Her face was burned off.
"He looked like a hat rack making love to an octopus but, boy, how he could polish silverware!"
"If Buffy has to go to jail because of that creep, I'm gonna lose it."
"What the hell, did you get malaria already?"
"I don't want some guy poking around in me, hoping I die."
I just wantone damn cup of coffee!
I'm gonna go sleep with other girls.
"""Drop the goddamn toy gun,"" Anna said, although Ben could see it was no toy."
We've got to get rid of her.
Gay signals have nothing to do with straight signals.
"I'll tell you, the last couple of weeks... ....I fuck and I fuck and I can't get any relief."
"The Nazis, the bourgeois, and the imperialists should sleep in the straw!"
Don't be looking over my shoulder when I'm signing my fucking X!
"You never liked us, so we sure as hell don't like you!"
I've been in this damn lingerie section so long!
"May not kill 'em all, but they wouldn't be good for anything afterwards."
Julian Randol just walked out of here because I don't have a damn thing to hold him on.
"I don't care you black, white, Chinese, rich, poor. You take that first hit, you on a mission."
"As soon as he comes up our way, we're going to cut him off."
Get off her!
Uncle Macon. How old and weak you look.
You should count that shit.
It's not his brain.
"His terms are... Dirk goes back to Holland, promises to stop being a twat, and finds a way to match his dad's investment, show him he's serious."
Believing in this present world. Fools.
"I told them I need that W-2 in perpetuity, and 5% of the fucking sale price?!"
"Ani, you're being ridiculous. Her attacking the painting had nothing to do with this film."
Someone really thinks we'd want to steal this crap?
I can take a punch.
"It's not only still in Gillingham, it's now fucked."
We fucking lied for you.
"Well, if they want an election, let 'em have it. Fuck 'em."
"Believe me, if you have to die, this is the place to do it. In good company."
The whole fucking world's against us dude... I swear to God.
I ain't doing shit around this dude.
I ran into some of those Shadow Company pussies in Saigon in '69.
"Look, just because you took some conversation we had over beer and macaroni and decided to make it your religion doesn't mean the rest of the world gives a shit."
"Oh, put a towel on, for crap's sake."
He's even more dangerous now that he's mentally unstable.
It's only dogs and rats out there.
He was quite a Renaissance rat.
"Man, I wish his family would just let him die."
No. It's a suicide mission.
"It's nice to know that the next time I want to drink one of these, I won't have to drink it in this crappy warehouse."
"Don't worry, they're already pretty fucked up."
"Look, I'll be the first to tell you that this little crusade of yours is nuts."
Are you saying I'm a faggot?!
"Because the last time we met, I tried to kill you."
Is it just me or did it sound like he's gonna wank off a dolphin?
I think I'll really go crazy.
Putin’s Unwilling Executioner?
He don't want to smell you and your cheap fucking aftershave.
Damn bridge is the other way! - What?
"But if, by some unlikely chance, he accepts me, I'll have no reason to doubt him, and I'd be a fool to reject him."
The shit just boils in his gut.
"You tried to do a nice, thoughtful thing, and you screwed yourself."
You lady-killer!
Don't start with my fucking mother.
In the garbage?
"Come back with my fucking money, you get the kid."
So every other parent in this room hates you.
"Hey, what's up, fool?"
Gross.
Because we both know the only thing you really excel at is being a full-time loser.
You fucking...
"So, this layer of scum around the kitchen sink is truly epic."
That's why I have so much tolerance... ...for the other scoundrels of the world.
I got my own shit. I'm doing my own thing. You know?
"Fuck, it's true."
"You gonna sit back there, you gotta sit the fuck still."
"Seems like it was only yesterday that we used sorcery to burn your village to the ground, come in and snatch you."
"Hey, I hit one of them young'uns once in my pickup."
What motherfuckin' planet has an elliptical orbit?
"Go on, piss off!"
We still have the problem of explaining how a white chick from Jersey... who's never traveled south of D.C. has African sleeping sickness.
"Goddamn it, if Mom and Dad were still alive... ...and they could see what you've done with this place..."
She must have loved that bloody goldfish.
"""What the fuck is going on here?"""
'This thing here is the Death of Rats.
"Your Majesty, ifl may suggest the time has come... to loose the forces ofthe empire against this scum."
"All this time, she'd been trying to make him... just a perfect dick, fighting her feelings... that he might be the perfect Richard."
Do you give a shit about her?
"The hell you talking about, contract?"
I will expose the corruption of this sorcerer.
I want a fucking piss.
He should have a scar across the right side of his face.
"Evil down to their black hearts, which pump not blood... ...but a vomitous oil that oozes through their veins... ...clots in their brains, which causes their Nazi-esque violent behavior."
"Kaye again savored the wonder of her milk letting down, the sensual loveliness of the child at her nipple."
Your mouth tastes like a hobo's taint.
Anyone she can get her slutty little hands on.
I'm screwed. This is worse than that time I had to fess up to the nation.
If you think for one fucking moment you're getting into this bed...
Yeah. All you had to do was kill Keamey at the border like we planned.
Did you come here to tell me that my marriage sucks?
Most people I meet at the salon are totally malcompetent.
That's their mom's God damn fault!
"Idiotic daydreaming of fugal type, he thought."
Is that so hard to believe -- that Billy Corbin would want a disgusting old hag like myself?
You know where the goddamn cash is.
"You ain't got family in this world, what the hell you got?"
"And we said we were Americans and this one man was very happy, with a weak, sick face."
"You don't know me, fool?"
"All due respect, junior... what do you care about the details? All this technical shit."
"With three bullets in her head, Galina is gone before she hits the ground."
"All right, but can I kick that guy's ass first?"
'And that silly book says that Stockholm is the capital and that Carl Sixteenth is king.
"And if I knew, do you think I would tell you and this fucking camera?"
Indians are not allowed.
"Man, if it was me... ...I'd be fucking with people,whispering in ears."
"""No, honey, your ass looks great in those jeans."" ""Honey, I love your parents."""
I just really wanted to suck your hand in front of all your parents' friends.
"People ain't trying to cut our throats, stab us, shoot us no more."
"So, what's the explanation for you, moron fever?"
I want to beat him to the punch.
"""Absolute bullshit."
"Smash this place up, enough of this nonsense"
"He your boyfriend, bitch?"
We'll exterminate that beast for you!
"Wait for Thursday, a couple ROIROs hit the berth... and congratu-fucking-lations, you grab a day."
That's a six-dollar bullet.
"'Bloody hell,' he said eventually."
"Yes, he's comin' to Flint. Shit."
Sink to the bottom like her.
"Moochie stopped, and a stupid sort of wonder flooded through him - it was not fear, at least not at that moment."
"""Tina, you fat lard, come get some dinner!"""
I thought you didn't like Facebook. -Don't be silly.
You don't know a damn thing.
"As bandits go, you're a pretty duff bunch."
"Call them what you like, the Daleks are death!"
Get away from those girls.
"Later in the night a crazy colored guy showed up and began playing bongos on his own head and cheeks and mouth and chest, whacking himself with real loud sounds, and a great beat, a tremendous beat."
I'm just no damn good.
"Oh,my goodness!That would suck."
Always forget how easy it is to sneak up on a white man.
"Meth head with a gun, I didn't want to be anywhere around him."
"""Goddamn the Ministry."
I heard about the Protestants you've already slaughtered.
Trying to make my individual peace and to hell with all the rest of them.
He's a jerk. Sometimes I think I never should have let you go.
Sell me this fucking pen right here.
"South Memphis, let's get ready to kick it."
"He snapped her spine with his teeth, blood splattering his face."
"I mean, a girl did beat you, but it's definitely not as gay as I... ...thought it would be."
"Hey, so my dad called your parents and told them we're having sex."
You’re acting like you’re the one who has to go through this and get huge and shove a baby out of your vag for someone else.
It looks like a fucking joke.
"You've... killed people for real, haven't you?"
I'd be a fool to waste this chance to see you!
Or perhaps a nice attempted-murder in Lexington.
The poor bastard was just trying to have some coffee with his lady.
"Hey, Don't you dare say that again. I'll break your teeth."
"Okay, we only got a few hours to get this crap hole into shape before Sanders gets here."
Went to shit when his kid took over.
You could excuse a bastard by saying his dad was killed in the war.
That's total trash.
"Depending on what kind of man you were, there's really only one thing sure as shit you'd better know."
Do you believe you have the right to recycle your dead brother as if he were part of some sick vanity project?
It was fucking combat.
You want to play John Q dipshit citizen and turn it over to Chicago PD?
"No, I stand there humiliated by a mean monkey night after night for eight years."
You'll have to finish yourself off now.
"Her work colleagues told her what a spoiled brat I was, and how they would've already whacked me!"
"So go ahead and be angry, you baby-cow-killing bitch!"
Well your brain shows no obvious signs of anomalies.
So you're gonna be miserable 'cause you don't have the guts to face change ?
"A lot of illegal, icky shit."
"'What is all this?!' the wretched Styopa thought, his head spinning."
The guy whose shit I threw into a tailspin has never seen my face.
'I rather enjoy taking my own garbage to the dump.
Women don't like fatties.
What the fuck do you do?
You think he's that diabolical?
They'll just beat us up!
I hope she's rotting in an alley somewhere.
I think I fucking snapped it!
"Oh, shit."
And then I come in and I give you this whole shtick about how you're not gay and everyone does it at least once.
"If you have unprotected sex after taking ellaOne, it will not stop you from becoming pregnant."
"And in case you're still thinking about slitting my throat, I wouldn't."
You hit like a girl!
"I may have saved the mayor's baby... ...but I refuse to save a mayor... ...who stood by, helpless as a baby... ...while Gotham was ravagedby a disease... ...that turned Eagle Scoutsinto crazed clowns... ...and happy homemakers into catwomen."
"SQUEAK ! shouted the Death of Rats, jumping up and down and making suggestive motions."
It's your fault they died.
Who the hell could have done this?
It's just this damn ache in my arm and leg.
You're a real lucky devil!
"This is a quiet, frightened, insignificant old man who who has been nothing all his life."
Half-naked girl in my son's room lisa. mom.
...men showing up at my home in the middle of the night to kill me and Maisey.
Get us out of that fucking obstacle course.
It looked so damned much like Michael Janvier that Zilwicki couldn't help expecting to hear Baron High Ridge's indescribably irritating voice.
Filth is at the bottom of their souls; and alas! if their filth still has spirit in it!
"Fucking wicked party, right?"
"Vanquish, we three witches cry One final shock and then you die"
What the hell are you doing to me?
Is your God so flimsy?
She looks real lonely and miserable.
"Go aboard, take her out a mile or two, blow her up."
Neither of them had any fuckin' right to ask me a thing... and neither do you.
"""You don't fool me with your goddamn mind games,"" Janson growled."
You're gonna kill your dogs?!
Bring out your dead!
Your little bitch-ass wanted to know what happened?
"He's just fucking died, didn't he?"
And everything that is in the Earth shall die.
Isn't he a homo?
Stop talking nonsense.
"Even with her brain not working, she's smarter than all of us."
"Yo, dickwad started it."
Get your dirty little punk ass off my car.
"Looked down at the ground, and then back at Reacher, like a whipped dog."
You saw it! -crazy.
A naked fucking woman locked up caged in the back of that truck!
Stop dragging ass!
Execute the order or face the consequences.
You knew Nate was investigating the fund and you killed him.
Get out of my fucking way.
Out of bloody ammo!
"Love free shit, right?"
"Every time he opens his mouth, he hangs him a foot higher."
If you had sex with Simon ...
Damn it! Can you get rid of them?
"""The said Kennedy shall be hung by the neck until he be dead, at such time and place as the Commanding General may direct."""
"No, 'cause that'd be ridiculous."
I think he just thought it was beating because he was mental.
I won't sleep with this sorcerer.
"Once your romance starts to stink, you'll dump his ass down the drain like sour milk and go back to being ""Unevolved Robin"", the one we actually like."
Hugh Priest would cut his own mother's throat for a bottle of Old Duke and a pack of Luckies.
I'm gonna make you suffer.
"Who'd you fuck, - Tommy, Salvy, your brother!"
To hell with that idea.
You gotta starve the pigs for a few days... ...then the chopped-up body will look like curry to a pisshead.
"Rat, it's your turn."
You never did answer me before if you bought into Morpheus' bullshit.
"Man, if I put you in the pool right now, you'll sink like a goddamn stone."
"No, no, because she's a mental adolescent, and being romantic, she has a death wish."
"We're being made fools of, sir, around the world."
"""where this junkie asshole just fried his baby in a microwave..."
"A judge praised defendant John Roy, but was dismayed to learn that he'd had sex with the corpse."
"""Okay, shoot."""
"Once she sees what a man you are in the courtroom, maybe she'll give you another shot in the bedroom."
The guy's got balls.
Michael will eliminate him.
You spend all your time on the crazy dogggz
"Don't look at me, asshole."
They're fucking evil.
That girl is a fake.
Let's go have a fucking drink already.
"They got the whole family, did they, doctor? Fucking hell."
"You screwed me, Lucas."
He could have shot Cobb with Cobb's own gun.
The bastard won't get away with it.
You're a worse psychic than you were a cop.
Do you know what those two buffoons have in store?
"Once someone dares you to do something, you kind of have to do it, or else you're a wuss."
"Please, shut up."
"And it wasn’t until about thirty seconds later that he realized that this was a fucking German boat and of course the words would all be different and there was about a 99 percent chance that morphium was, in fact, exactly the same stuff as morphine."
Waited to attack and slaughter the families left behind. And claim their land.
I didn't know that Aesop was a freak.
You stand between him and an ax in the head.
You know how she told you about that kick-ass worm shit she's been using
I'm gonna bust you for it.
You don't have to kick me for that!
Now come into his heart through the top of his sternum and bring him to the ground.
You were awful to me.
I'd probably get beaten to death by my mom even before I get kicked out of school.
You're not a whore?
"Ricky's gonna be just ""finkf"". Strep throat."
Poor fucker had to get out of bed.
How the hell did her trouble get activated
"I thought we were this upstanding Christian family but as it turns out, we're just as screwed up as everyone else."
Jijo's hot blood.
"Various ancestors had simply ordered them from the engravers and put them on the shelves, because a library was something you had to have, don'tcherknow, like a stableyard and a servants' wing and some ghastly landscaping mistake created by 'Bloody Stupid'"
"I want him cold and dead, with no blood in his veins!"
And being a separatist sucks ass!
"If I get to him, I'll break his knees."
Then why the hell did you tell her you didn't know?
Finally fuckin' free.
"Um... but Chemistry does suck without you,"
Wall's coming down. It's made out of pigeon shit.
I look like shit.
"Babe, okay, are you trying to say that the Bible says that it's okay to have sex?"
I get this patronizing shit... ...from Arthur and Mason for three months and I'm sick of it!
Shit. Let's go. I hate outside.
"Damn, you do start fast, don't you?"
"The shooters were out there, and they'd killed him."
Fuck you care about these girls?
What the hell?!
"Now, damn it, didn't I just say I ain't in the mood?"
Dana would never fuck you!
Shut up talking about sweets!
Look at that big pushover.
I can't hurt my favorite pig.
"""It was his perverted statement."""
"I told him I've eaten bull testicles, sir."
"Piss off, Putty."
"When his right hand jerked back at a prick, she smiled."
"See you later, chunky butt !"
"Please, smash it, by all means."
You're an asshole! –He'il take care of me if I tell him. –Don't do it.
Are they going to kill us?
"While No Impact Man runs around air-drying his ass for posterity... less flamboyant folks are leading lives of quiet inspiration."""
Where are Connie and Raymond Marble? What is this shit?
Will you shut up now?
What about using your goddamn brain?
"If I don't, somebody else might try and kill themselves."
"If you're going on this lunatic mission, somebody sane has to be with you."
Put that thing away before you kill somebody.
"""Look at that pig Angel Eyes. ""I'll bet he got himself an easy job."
"Send me to die, but they didn't."
"Well, I feel sorry for the next sucker who tries to put the moves on her."
L... I mean holes in you... not my... Hah!
"Hold it, anddon't move a damn muscle, all right?"
I'm four hours behind these guys and I'm shitfaced.
"Still, one man and a coward against fourteen?"
"""Politics of tourism"" and all that nonsense."
He was talking shit about you.
They cannot tell people how foolish they are.
They're just gonna think it was one of her scumbag clients.
An epidural is a proper Christian woman's only chance to get wrecked.
Why just stand there like a fool?
Looks like he's killing you. Okay.
The fuck you know about my family?
She tell you I wanted her to meet my kids and she fucked it up.
"Hey, queer bait. Where you going with those bags, man?"
Clumsy.
"They erred gravely – and this is less often recognized – in discouraging the moderate Palestinian middle class, many of whom have quit the occupied territories, leaving behind a generation of young, ignorant, hungry, and angry warriors."
"If it was, she hoped she would die young."
"God damn it, I wanna go to the river now."
A place where I can take a girl after I club her over the head.
"Just sell the fucker, fast!"
Get these fucking men out the hole !
What the hell do you think?
"You'll take sick. Stay, you will both be sick with cold."
This town stinks.
We gotta get out of this damn house.
Aah! Next one goes in your chest!
"Like, ""hey, I make art, so you don't get to yell at me... for making you wait at the ihop for two fucking hours."""
My tits.
All that stuff about love triangles being a bad thing is rubbish!
"Forget that girl, dude."
"If my child needed a father, you would be the last man on earth."
"I knew you'd lay down here, on your pathetic little cot... ...and dream about her."
I'm not gonna throw her in the garbage. she'd probably find her way home and whine to you about it.
Huh? No wonder he's so fucked up.
She is not a slut.
Then let's fucking riot!
Stroke him if you like.
Heavy suckers.
"This little trust fund gangster thinks he's so badass till we hit a pothole, and bang!"
I-I-I don't remember a damn thing.
"What you need is cheat codes... ...motor skills and a genie who grants wishes... ...to little boys who suck at ""Mario Kart."""
"Get the gun, man! - Shoot him!"
"And when that oil money runs out, my friends... ...you will all fucking disappearinto the ashes of history."
You want to start with me getting draughted... so my cousin got the fucking confectionery?
You had a free ride... and you fucking blew it.
You'il have to rip it out of mY fucking talons.
"After he died, that wretched insurance investigator all but accused me of murder."
What the hell are you looking at me like that for?
"Now that we've established that, give me one good reason why I shouldn't tear open your head right here."
that devil Ingen may have already found another place to cross.
"I love you, man, you're a fucking genius."
"GIRL 2: Oh, my God, I wish I had your eating disorder."
"Because you're such a professional, you deserve five grand for doing sweet fuck-all."
There is?! I don't want to hear your goddamn explanation!
I'm infected with you!
"is that stink you, Meehan?"
He's gonna light himself on fire with coffee liquor?
One more bullet in the cylinder.
Stop watching that shit.
Drive him from our walls.
"We come back, ain't nobody better be here... 'cause we're comin' in to blast whatever trespassers is left!"
"My mom's gonna put on a show for her guests, but everyone knows it's a Thanksgiving lie because they've been having a hard time ever since my dad cheated on her with some whore."
Kick it!
So we should leave them to rot?
Look at your hair blowing in the wind like Tawny Kitaen when she was fucking dry-humping that car.
"Slaughter did, too. If Castle and Slaughter go after this guy, they're gonna both end up dead."
"I plan to bang as many chicks as I can, and get so good at it, they even pay me to do it."
"The other day, I had to stop Deebo from beatin' her ass."
You think you're the only people to suffer from this stupid war?
He's gonna bleed out.
Did you fuck him?
"""When the Jews return to Zion... ...and a comet fills the sky... ...and the Holy Roman Empire rises... ...then you and I must die."""
I don't want any help. She's nuts.
"Damn straight, glad to meet you."
Cheap tourist junk.
One small dose was all it took to get her killed.
"It's, erm... It's none of your damn business."
"No, I'm kidding, but you-you have killed someone."
"Nobody fucking touches her, okay?"
"Shit, maybe I could get you a job with United Fruit."
And the worst part is... ...that little girl... ...grinding and dry humping the fucking stage up there... ...that's somebody's daughter up there.
I like having sex with you.
And because she said fuck to me.
Now he's a cokehead.
Don't you fucking realize what's going on here?
"Gus, holy crap, man, you did it."
"I'm a muse, stupid."
"Palmer, with all due respect, what the fuck are you talking about? ...and why is Olson here?"
"Come here, you big hunk of man."
Destroy her at your pleasure.”
"I love you, pussycat!"
Are all men that slimy?
He's a drug dealer.
"They ended up with about twenty kids, and damn if they didn’t look just like the picture Mandy had found, except maybe for the ruffles and tall hats."
I'm going to punch you in the shoulder.
"Freyr was larger, a virile green monkey with an hourglass suspended round his neck."
From some vice cop in Jersey who busted me after he screwed me.
"Damn it, Eli."
"So, Cherry, Do you like to suck cock?"
What's all the fucking noise?
"Screw him, he destroyed this company."
You're gonna die.
Back boobs-- the visual stimulation of missionary meets the emotional detachment of doggy-style.
"Which begs the question... ...if the girl's on top, well... ...who's the one getting screwed?"
The only thing you'll find there are savage Indians.
Sorry about Buster. I fucked up.
"He turned and swung a punch at the clown behind him, who ducked, causing a third clown to be knocked through the bass drum."
House... is a lousy teacher.
Say fuck you again. Say fuck you again.
"Fuck, no. I thought we'd check it out though, you know. Maybe steal some sweatshirts from the bookstore."
"Does she still think you're a fucking architect? Oh, yeah."
"If he were white and his enslavers British, he'd be weighed down by the medals and honours we would bestow upon him."
"Shut up, soldier!"
"First, you gotta be the guy in charge of your own damn life. That means you've got to toughen up."
Shut up! I'm trying to give you what you want.
"Just aim it at them nasty little weeds, pull the trigger... and blam, nukes 'em, right down to the roots."
And this is a bullet.
"Ma Chaoxing, you want to have a good beating?"
Look! I'm drowning the little suckers
I don't like sitting at my desk and looking into a garbage dump.
I don't trust the old bastard.
I wouldn't let those assholes drive my car.
"Ma'am, if a Nubian genie were at my disposal, I'd see his great nigger fingers whisk up my hotel and deposit it in Denver, just as you did your gold."
"You see somebody comin´ up them stairs, you let faith guide that bullet right through their head."
Life ain't no damn football game.
"Only that thug and his pals are here, looking for you."
"Calm the fuck down, you'il wake up Wilson."
"You don't act like my freaking husband, you act like my boss."
You're Mufasa's little stooge.
"Don't start with that hippie bullshit, ok?"
Everyone takingstupid pills around here?
"A very, very sexy douchebag."
They dragged him until he was just a bloody mess.
"Well, they're sure as shit gonna come after us."
I'm proud of you for not including gay people.
"""Disgusting,"" the same voice said."
"You know, Ted, it's called Thanksgiving, not Thankstaking Damn."
Shit! two dozen amyls.
"Murmandarnus,s trap to kill the Lord of the West."
Take what they want and beat us if we resist.
You seem stressed. You want to suck some Squishee?
"He didn't look enthusiastic, and he wasn't willing to expend any amount of bullshit to attract attention."
I'll talk only with the killer of my Andrey.
"You're arrogant. You have the sickness that elites have had - throughout history in their literal, and in some cases figurative, ivory towers."
And did you think that he might kill you?
"She was straight-edge. - It's her dumbass friend, Darlene."
Get off of me!
"""You must be rested and not take any foolish risks."""
You bloody are!
She is a vampire.
How's anyone ever gonna know how ridiculous and funny you are if all you ever do is hang out with Mom and Dad?
2girls1cup hanah montana booty shakin orgasm basshunter kama sutra nude hentai bb8 big brother pamela anderson sex video power rangers mistic forse xxx amnesia ibiza akon sex scenes sexy strip wwe sexy girls jonas brothers
"So you'll answer their questions, and I'll tell you when and if you need a damn lawyer."""
"Alan, you take murderers and make them saints."
Except you're a little pukey there.
And I figured you two losers would be getting into some kind of trouble.
"You- You look like hell, boy."
"What the hell, dude?"
"Well, I'm trying to, but I can't see dick so it's kind of hard."
"You'll fire me, kill me?"
Guy turns out to be a crook.
I'm alive for the first fucking time!
One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest and all that shit.
"Now that your little secret's out, everybody knows what a big phony you are."
And Ted Maul reviews sex in the media.
What the hell?
They're gonna fucking chuck bricks through my windows.
Must think I'm a fucking dog-- forgives the blow first friendly scratch of the ear.
"Now I've got you Gauls, I'll have you eaten by the lions."
"Her partners were men and women who, like her, wanted only sexual satisfaction."
Are you fucking a florist behind my back?
They pushed dog shit through my letter box.
"Of course I did, dumb-ass!"
"Bring your ass back alive, do you hear me?"
"We have to deal with the same shit, but we can't really know... ...who or, you know, what the enemy is."
"I'm basically a dead man, And what kills me is you're the Queeny one."
"Damn it, Eliot! Look, man, I know what I'm doing."
"I'm going to grow old... and grow lonely, and I'm gonna die; and I'll be surrounded by a bunch of rotten fruit."
Let's kick it and get up there.
"She would be scared to death of getting AIDS, and I would give her TB instead."
The thing I worry about when I hear kids in the Third World are working 18 hours a day to make my trainers is when are they going to get a chance to finish my fucking laptop?
I'll bet you the crazy old man got her.
"No, buddy, you're not cotton- headed ninny-muggins."
You prefer to bring them in dead isn't that right?
Did Novak put away hundreds of scumbags?
Come on. My blood's fucking up.
Come on. I want to see if I can get that spirit of yours naked.
"Billy, it's a fucking armored truck!"
Shut that bloody noise up!
"Now, you gotta just say that shit out. ""I am fucked up and I ain't gonna take it anymore."""
"Hell, I still work for Tupac, even though he dead."
The Tower will kill you half a world away.”
Smith knew he had to be dead.
"Oh, shit. It's not Upgrayedd."
"My crappy, crappy bike!"
"Look,I need to expose darryl van horne for the evil and deceitful man that he really is."
"The next time I ask you to work for me, Mitchel, I’il be expecting you to chew someone's bollocks off on demand."
Dark hair. Not that tall. Kind of dumpy.
"So there's the fucking lit candles going all over Europe until you get to Amsterdam, where the athlete runs into the stadium, up to the crucible with the eternal flame and gets in and falls asleep."
"Boy, it's-it's funny About f-finding This fucking plane, wasn't it?"
You just took a shot at me.
"Well, I see only one whore here..."
Are you screwing my sister's boyfriend?
He wants you dead. He wants everybody close to me dead.
I fucked up a lot... ...and I'm sorry.
"Shit, sorry, that's the thing from the..."
"And one of those dehydrated, high-fevered, miserable people is April."
"No, that's what I said, and you went crazy."
A big strange pain in the ass.
You're just like your poor mother.
"Okay, so since you know who we are, who the fuck..."
"Oh dear, I'm falling in love with him, I think I've got the world's most crushable crush, if only it wasn't for Harold I'd take my damn chances!"
"Yeah, like cold war Russia corrupt."
What a fool.. you frightened me.
But what he’s really thinking is: why did I waste all those years in academia when I could have been doing great shit like this?
Give me your fucking cell phone!
"That's ""met his match""... ...and ""kicked his ass."""
I'm gonna throw them off.
Could one of you hit me please?
"Boy, it's-it's funny About f-finding this fucking plane, wasn't it?"
It sucks.
"Goddamn it, get me out of here!"
"He needs to show that he's a good teacher, not just a cry-baby."
"Enter the monster, a big gross creature, that eats people."
Look in my fucking eyes.
bb8 big brother hentai amnesia ibiza hanah montana michal tucny sex scenes akon sexy girls power rangers mistic forse jonas brothers orgasm pamela anderson sex video kama sutra nude xxx basshunter 2girls1cup sexy strip wwe
They would all die!
Queer little brush.
"""If we leave the damn place,"" Dr. Fraser said harshly, ""we'll have to leave it pretty much the way we found it."""
"Her body was ivory-pale, her breasts full, her waist tiny, her hips . . ."
"""Whereas your wives do three times the works... and get no wages but grunts or black looks!"""
I seek no marriage but the cleavage...
Like that deaf girl down on Douise Street that gave fellatio to Dennis Kling.
"Eleanor hates my tiny, little, shriveled-up polio legs."
"The Show! We dis, we damn, and we endure. First, who we hate."
I just rammed a wooden stake into my brother's chest... because he turned into a vampire... even though I don't believe in vampires.
Someone get this hothead out of here?
You're crazy.. I dont smell anything.
"I am dressed as what I am, which is a damn good real estate agent."
"I know how to use my light, but I don't know how to enter another fucking plane!"
"You went home with him, you had consensual sex with him, and then you set him up, set all of us up."
"Yeah, but you do believe that the Sanguinista... vision of morality endorses slavery, torture, the rape of those who delivered us into the life before death."
A goddamn genius. The only one still transferring film to video.
It's created a diplomatic shitstorm For the state department.
And the price of great love is great misery when one of you dies.
You are mad.
hentai akon bb8 big brother wwe kama sutra nude sex scenes orgasm basshunter pamela anderson sex video hanah montana enrique iglesias amnesia ibiza jonas brothers linkin park sexy girls xxx 2girls1cup power rangers mistic forse
"One moment, do you know foolish men that if you fail to give me... the right answer, you will be banished into the eternal depths of hell?"
"Vitaly, stop fuckin' around, I wanna talk to you."
They fucked you good.
"So now, we're gonna have to cut her open."
We’re kicking the crap out of everyone else in the world when it comes to networking.
"And now, you are a killer of white men."
My fucking man!
"Are you fucking deaf, McCoy?"
"Don't tell me fucking ""copy""!"
"Well, your eyes are shot."
"I didn't hear shit, either."
"I'm not crying for him. Hell, Germans here, Japs in the Pacific."
"Copy Solo, kill confirmed, target destroyed."
"Well, sue me because I don't want to talk about having sex with my wife with a total stranger."
"You show up all of a sudden, at 8:00 in the morning... ...you walk in herelike a goddamned bulldozer."
"Hey, hey, get out of that trash."
"It's, like, fucking up my vibe."
Another has a live rat sewn inside her vagina.
"Joe and the club owners came over, and they were saying all this shit about you."
"No, Dad. It's not a stupid dream. It's a good dream."
He's got a long history of serious mental illness.
Why not have Jake take his own life?
Get the fuck out of here.
Somebody finally shows up in this crappy town and it turns out to be a deaf-mute.
I didn't want to shoot you.
I will run your butt all the way to the beach!
Who the hell shot me?
"Yeah, let's try banging your head for a while."
She's been with me the whole fucking time.
"Yeah, and then we'll have sex."
'The insystem systems are a bugger.
"Hint, she eats brains."
"Instead they gotta find an alleyway, or a park bench where some fucker's not gonna stab them."
I pulled strings all over D.C.to get this bastard in here.
"Not yet, but they’il soon be dead, if you really abandon them."
"Dude, we need a new fucking spot to finish this video."
"All right, how about ""Born to kill""?"
"This town is rotten from the inside out, and I wouldn't miss it, if it fell into the gorge tomorrow."
You fuckin'...
Disgusting! It farts!
I'll die on you.
You have hibernation sickness.
Don't waste my motherfucking time!
That's why they call you cursed.
Los Angeles is a cesspool.
We shall bury Pantelia as a christian man should be buried!
"Shut up, Frenchie! This is a job for Oorsican Nation! You've been discredited!"
Let's electrocute Stan!
Like kill Lane when he refused to help you steal Willa's cattle.
"Everybody love that shit, too."
This guy is a serial killer like I play for the New York Jets.
"I'm damned in marriage, innocent blood is on my hands."
like Skinner. Twisted and deranged.
It's all gotta be destroyed.
"These people into zombies! You destroy This culture, you destroy this society!"
You have been treating us like garbage all day.
"I know not to ask a question I don’t have an answer to, but shit!"
Mickey andMallory are not the sickest I've seen.
"Oneday without his eyes and she dies. the young girl from Nevers, shameless young girl from Nevers."
"Just like you, I have to bury you."
Women have always hated me.
Men have erectile tissue there. Itches when they're hiding something.
That ill-bred woman has brought this family nothing but shame.
"We're dropping like damn flies, and nobody's paying for it."
This ain't about the goddamn money.
"I was going to hook-up with a sexy Cuban towel boy. And it wouldn't be cheating on Federline, because the Internet says sex doesn't count if it happens in water."
"You're a regular, goddamn Donald trump, aren't you?"
"We would fight, they would fight, and we all would die."
You're still obnoxious.
I'm fuckin' hungry now.
"""They're a couple of clowns ."""
"Whoa, whoa, are you fucking kidding me?"
What the fuck- - Oh my God ..
He's friggin' Pablo and the pea.
She must have penetrated the cell. - Shit.
"Now Pieterzoon's blood's on his hands and we'll all suffer because of him."""
A witch? A child-slayer?
Get the fuck out of here!
"Yeah, well, my handwriting sucks when I'm angry."
"The point is, I don't like you."
You thief of love.
Shut it off!
"Like father, like goof"
I'm a big liar.
"I mean, usually you boys just phone in these clusterfuck operations... and we come in afterwards and clean up your mess."
"Sam, if you're worried about me seeing you naked... ...I have seen boy parts before."
"With that sort of force coming at him from both sides, he can raise every Cyrgai whore ever lived, and he'll still lose.'"
"Nobody gives a shit if a few Martians have to suffer."""
"If he killed a BOPE officer, he'd be sentenced to death."
They're probably thinking we're the screwed-up ones.
"Great, just fucking great."
"Cut the crap, Howard!"
My wretched singing or my lousy lute playing.
"Luko, you killed all of us."
"You. Slave, see my jug filled."
The only way I can make this toup stay on is by magnetizing the upper left quadrant of my skull.
Sucks when the pie gets eaten right in front of you and you helped bake that pie.
Shut up! Hands behind your back!
"Dude,you look like ass."
This sucks.
"“If I wanted to, could I make you sick?”"
My kids are gonna have holes in 'em.
"One by one, I've seen you murder your family, your friends, the noblest men in Rome."
"James, what the hell is he doing here?"
How fucking hard is it to do this when someone does something good?
And it looks like he has sex on his mind.
You just spent the night with this chick that you're puppy shit in love with and you don't know the hotel she's at?!
"So Brian threatens to report you for fraud, and suddenly, you can't wait for the poison to kill him."
He's got my stink!
"The last three months, while you've been making your name writing school papers And eating cracker jacks at fenway, We've been stuck in this desert shithole working six days a week."
Your teeth will fall out.
"Damn! Good kick, Lee."
It's... shitty that someone would do this to you.
I didn't hire anybody to kill you.
"Saluting everybody in uniform, getting it to a reflex, don't ask for extra trouble, try for invisible . . . bringing his arm each time a bit more stupidly to his side."
I thought this guy was a chump.
"If I don't bust somebody's ass soon, I'm going to lose all my mystique."
What the fuck do you think you know about being a real reporter?
"Comfortabe, you know, if a little chilly. Well, I imagine you living in some basement around Parliament, selling your ass for a living, and I, I just thought I would get in touch and we could go for a beer some time"
"What are you, crazy?"
"How the fuck do I die now, How the fuck."
"I apologize for my stupidity."""
We'll cut him off at the kingdom.
"Fuck, yes, I heard about it."
"Laura, Cindy, this shit is totally gratuitous."
"Now I got wiretaps, pager clones, affidavits coming out of my ass."
We have to link the stink of this rotten bana peel to your attraction to men.
Like what shit?
"See, Steve, poetry sucks 'cause it doesn't make any sense."
"I'm talking about, ""I wanna suck your blood."""
"And it would be, as Nanny Ogg would say, a bugger to carpet."
"Imprison him... but kill him, never."
Please grant me the wisdom to understand your capricious nasty mind.
"If not, I am warning you, get off my back!"
There will be no more mixing with the damned degenerate natives of these islands.
"The scrape of his jeans against my thighs told me he’d pushed them down only far enough to free his cock, a sign of impatience that thrilled me."
"Damn all this. –Just isn't fair. –Nothing is fair, father."
"Wow, Maxxie, you look all horny."
He sure as hell isn't out there killing everyone who screwed me over.
"Don't fuck with me, all right?"
Ratty videos of the horrible slaughter at Quantico.
This guy don't understand for one fuckin' minute who Gotti is.
He is fucking untalented.
"All those little fuck boys out there... ...are wearing dressesand leaving their lipstick... ...on each other's cocks, okay?"
"Promoting my new comic book, ""Pussy patrol."""
What the hell were you guys doing?
"All the life gone out of it, but his blood just the same, his blood and my sweat, washed down in their stupidity or cruelty or whatever it was that made them let it happen."
"In other words, he'll break your legs."
"You know, molest her."
"And you should've heard her going on and on About kev's cologne and old man johnson, or some shit--"
Oh! Give it up and just go to church and have sex with Grace.
"And the more desperate he gets, the less I wanna have sex with him."
"Ooh, have I had sex with her?"
"And she... Shoots and kills Kayla, a 19-year-old girl."
Are you telling me you're gay?
"Yeah, come on, open it. DICK:"
Don't ever fuckin' lie to me again.
"But, uh... damn, I'm gonna miss you."
"Vlad, just kick him off the drawbridge, will you?'"
They look so mad.
Wouldn't it suck if you didn't help me?
"Your wrist is badly broken, but if you let go, she's gonna bleed out."
My boss appears to have lost his mind.
Are you considered very ugly on this planet?
God dammit!
"Michael, as much as I like seeing you all sweaty and greasy..."
"if we don't get your neural patterns out of the holo-buffer, you'il be brain dead in a matter of days."
"But I promise you, you try to press me, you hit me, you hurt me... ...you hit me low, cheap-shot me, I'll get you out of there."
"Right, it sucks. Only reason I'm here is maybe I'll buy it."
"Though his mind operated like a powerful machine, his body was pampered, scrawny, and weak."
"The wolf stole her soul, and now she lives to kill me."
"He's shit, right?"
"Oh, Lord. Hiking is always such a strain on the buttocks."
"Well, you drove Meredith back into Ray's dumb rich arms. Look,"
"When captured, he said, Frederick should be boiled alive."
Ross is scheduled to be executed tomorrow at midnight.
"Besides, you want Janni Gogolak dead."
"Lucy, be cool, goddamn it."
"Because, damn it, I want to!"
Fuck. No one wants to see Proctor go down more than her.
I'm going to go back to that geek- at least she talks about something besides sex.
"If I'm really dead, then my only regret is dying and finding you here."
Find a phone and call 0105928147218. Shit!
Don't forget your fucking shoes.
"You damn straight, and I'll buy any other dances you've got, too."
democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance - H.L. Mencken
You're an unfitlial daughter.
I'm here to stop you from getting everyone killed.
"So, what the hell are you and your boys doing here, then?"
"Oh, . Ehh! Damn."
"♪ ♪ ooh-wah, ooh-wah ♪ ooh-wah, ooh-wah ♪ ooh-wah, ooh-wah ♪ why do fools fall in love? ♪"
You didn't have sex with her?
"I saw him, and he tried to kill me."
"Yeah, the only thing that men do more than cheat is lie."
You're the finest drunkard ever to stagger over this earth.
When a dude built like a mountain breaks into your house trying to kill you.
Killing them saves cattle for the journey.
"When you were dead, I went to your grave."
"They were two armed, uniformed members of the maggoty old Big Apple's Finest, standing in a well-lit air-conditioned hallway on the twenty-sixth floor of a brand-new apartment building -- or maybe it was a condo, who the fuck knew, when Officers Cautious and Extremely were boys, a condo was something a guy with a speech impediment wore on the end of his dingus -- and no one was going to creep up on them or jump out o the ceiling on top of them or hose f them down with a magic Uzi that never jammed or ran out of ammunition."
Three time loser .
"Done here, at our romantic fairytale getaway where you make up for all the idiot Archer shit you pulled over the past 24 hours?"
Тhe rats love parchment even more than scholars do.
Nor is it Xavier Roseau's shit. Nor is it Marlon Suleiman's shit.
Then this pathetic country can humiliate itself... by crowning me officially.
Don't let the GPA fool you. I'm a gangster.
"Personally, I thought you guys would think I was nuts."
"The broker you invested with went bankrupt their assets were purchasd by another company, there's no one to file a motion against right now since the broker's in bankruptcy you need to hire a bankruptcy attorney to lift a thing called an automatic stay, which really is a pain in the ass."
I'll make them suffer for what they've done.
"Yes, and it's desperate and pathetic."
What the hell do you want?
"She'll find something about him that she hates, and then she'll dump him before she finds out he's a sandwich and dumps me."
"""You're damned right,"" I said, and we began packing as fast as our hands could go."
"And I still need to get that song down, but there's no one in here who'll give me a damn pen."
I don't need powers beat you two losers.
"'Oause if you don't do that shit, it's too fuckin' late."
"As for myself, I am proud to shake you by the manipulatory appendage.'"
That's for damn sure.
Four years of being a tackling dummy.
What's wrong with that? - Shut up.
"See, that's my fucking house."
Scums like you abandoning their child should...
"Shit, I'll do it just to see what Deadbolt does to you."
"By the time you get downtown, we're talking overnight in the tombs... and they definitely won't arraign your ass before morning."
Your Italian is as trashy as you are.
He's gonna stab me!
"Shit! Cisco, Vince, Crunch, we gotta get outta here now! Shit!"
I will never allow a lowlife like you to touch me!
I need to get you microchipped like a cat.
"This weekend, your brother, Mark, who's a real pain in the ass... ...falls out of a tree and breaks his arm."
"Hands in, a-ca-bitches!"
That's because you're a loser.
I hope I don't look too ridiculous.
Who the hell are you?
Just turn your damn phone off.
I pray Jesus isn't watching this crap today.
You think I'm falling for this crap?
I see this shit going on... and I don't see anybody doing anything about it... and it fucking pisses me off.
"And now they're driving, and soon we'll all be dead."
Why you want to fuck me?
Bill! - This is ridiculous!
"Idiot, that's a Guatemalan Red."
I should be very mad at you.
"Carter, this is the worst ideayou have ever had in your life."
"They were here before us, patroling the same fucking streets."
"For God's sake, Keller. Get the hell in here."
'He looks like a goddamn waxwork.'
You're the one he shot.
"""Paddick jerks off under the desk in lessons"", ""Paddick feels up all the girls after class""."
"I can't bear to see you suffer, mate."
I don't know what kind of crazy spiders you got running around in your head!
How do you like being kicked by a retarded celebrity punk?
"So why not shoot up the casino, for God's sake?"
Don't be silly. - We'll drive you. - Get in the car.
"Europe, thy name is Cowardice."
I want to fuck all night long.
"I know the rules, Professor Meynert, but this woman is sick."
Do you want this little girl to die?
Get out of that army shit and stop smoking that dope!
You damn well better control yourself or you're on your own.
He was stabbed from behind.
"""Don't be daft,"" said Brother Watchtower severely."
He started some shit!
I can't see a goddamn thing.
He shook his big stupid finger in my face.
"Besides, what else is there for me to do inside this fucking box?"
Your soul is to be devoured by Anharat himself!'
Die in your own deceiving
Known as the black beast this dangerous criminal has kidnapped... yet another child from Central Park...
Damned glad to meet you too.
"Destroyed in your love may my life depart."""
Waiting to see if we have to kiss partnership butt for the next four years?
How many of us have already made that one big dumb choice we'll never really recover from?
And I fucking hate church music.
Damn it!
His left arm appeared to be useless.
I sense these spineless worms only fight for fear of their Emperor.
Duke Wellingham and those lacrosse pussies don't know who the hell they messed with.
And I bet you a dollar this one's here to stab us in the back.
That's why we should be buying her regular 20 crap because she's gonna outgrow them in two weeks.
"Because he wants to beat your brains in, that's why."
"And yesterday, my God, I was so ugly, and last Wednesday... that sucked, too."
"No, no. I'm not saying that you're a freak."
That's what my brother believed and he was a fool.
"If you were hot, you would be out breaking some poor schmuck's heart... ...instead of spending all your time fantasizing about Mr. Wonderful."
"I think I'm OK with him, but it would be good to have someone else there with a bottle or a spanner to bonk him on the head with if he tries anything."
Cook: Do you know how much shit I can get done in five days and still have time to get my legs waxed?
Blow them up as soon as they have captured the Americans.
You are also cannibals.
Did you talk to that bloody woman?
"Anakha will destroy it first, and in its destruction shalt thou perish.'"
Endless dinner parties where he'd make his usual 'appearance' before bed time and be prompted by his father to tell some guest at what age Mozart composed the Fortieth; dates and facts he was forced to memorize and which he gave not one goddamn about.
Thanks for giving back to the community... dickhead.
Moron.She is my best friend.
"And like all rotten bastards... ...when they become old, they get lonely."
You gotta promise me no more bullshit! I'm cool.
You look like a fucked-up version of Amy Winehouse...
"I saw your fox demon sister today, and I was almost killed."
Addons I'm afraid not.
"Slimy, stinky eel, meet slimy, stinky marauder."
"That's, uh... that's bullshit, man. Hey."
"You thought it was pretty fuckin' funny, didn't you?"
What the hell?
"Well, it's your fucking gig, ain't it?"
You've made it quite clear that you're miserable here.
"Kwan you are Un-killable!"""
She killed her mama three times.
"""Damn right!"" said Purdy, leaning back, satisfied."
There's a bounty for shooting tigers.
Who knows what kind of kinky shit they're getting ready for us.
"Nah, shit, never."
"You think I'm fucking around with you, brother?"
"His eyes were still blank, and he continued to be withdrawn, but not nearly as far-off and pathetic as he had been yesterday."
"I said, shut it!"
"Brenda, hit me."
"That's what you want, to get me into this fucking zone."
I gotta get a suck off the hose.
I told you not to listen to that lying bastard!
You deserve the same fate as all those women you put in the ground.
"Look at you, you're fuckin' walkin' around like John Barrymore."
"This... oh, fuck, I don't understand why this asshole walked into my library."
"Six weeks in that stinking, filthy hole... ...and there won't be enough left of them to hang."
"Have you even read ""Moby dick""? - Yeah."
See? What is so crazy about these goddamn stories?!
Keep your shit together.
"Oh, Bill, okay, now see, from our conversations, I would have pegged you for Bill. Crazy?"
You don't have to cock it. Just pull the trigger to shoot it.
What the bloody hell are you doing here?
"""Hand job, blowjob, rim job."""
"You shoot when you see the whites of their eyes like we got taught in school, remember?"
That's none of your damn business.
It's stupid Kenny.
Damn this blood condition
I don't like the dude... but I ain't gonna help the white occupation take him down either.
I'm not sure I'm cut out to be a private investigator. Bullshit.
And my heart was sore in that so great a woman could be so foolish.
A kid! - ...a kid to turn you into a screaming harpy.
"That stared at him, with his big, ugly empty eyes."
The last guy I had sex with killed himself the next day.
"It was really very irritating, having to try and decipher the directions under all the stupid scribbles of the previous owner, who for some reason had taken issue with the order to cut up the sopophorous bean and had written in the alternative instruction:"
Don't let them suck you into their...
"If you was two years old, if you was 102, you was outside. - Shit."
You want me to pee in my pants?
Only an insane man will believe the outcome could be different.
"Every week, new RVs bring us new suckers, who bring us new food."
You're liberating my country. And I'm flying 747 s into your mud huts and incinerating your friends?
"A big, ugly head! -D'oh!"
"If you came here to clown, you might as well leave."
Drives like a pig.
Why the fuck would Joe hire a guy like that?
She won't fucking talk to me!
Then they cut all kinds of holes in her and sucked out the blood.
"No, not a loss to be taken fucking well."
"Oh, shit. I have to take this."
"You wanna fuck me, baby?"
They fuck just like us.
Well... completed him as a freak.
"Fuckin' hell, mate."
Who the fuck are the LAVT--
"And you get to die for her, just like you promised."
"We were in the medical school years ago, sitting on the sticky paper with my dick on fire with liquid nitrogen when one of the medical students saw my bare feet and left the room fast in two big steps."
Wait... didn't you shoot that guy?
ll should have cancer.
"Wicked, wicked."
You showed your sex tape to Lucy Spiller of Dirt Now?
Talking to? What the hell do you mean?
You threatened to kill them both and now he's missing.
People dont want to pay for the scum of society.
You're the one who made her die.
What is making you so miserable?
He could no more turn his back upon that oath than he could have let Warnecke's butchers rape and murder the civilian spacers he'd thought crewed this ship.
"And u love her, too, dummy."
"What are you talking about, idiot?"
You were gonna kill for that?
Hit them!
This is ridiculous. I play hard-boiled Interplanetary detective castillo.
He told you to whack me.
"Dwight, where the hell are you, man? Come on!"
Didn't Sayid say that crazy french chick had batteries?
"Their witch has lost her powers, they've used their only weapon to kill Elijah."
This is the testicle you must wash.
"They wanna reincorporate the company. They wanna meet you. They need your signature on some documents, so you gotta get your ass on the first flight back to San Francisco."
And I wasn't there to say the shit you supposed to say to your mom before she gone.
I look gay to you?
Was his hand on your tit?
I want you out of my house.
Uh... Crackhead with A wig right there-- boom.
But beheading will probably be appropriate.
Damn! that's what I thought!
Is he a faggot?
Can I buy her a frickin' pony?
The black economy is not concerned here.
"I bloody well did, yes, and I learned the ways of the world and I still got nearly as many marks as you in spite of a prize-winning hangover, you puffed-up barrel of lard!'"
Don't act like you don't think about pussy all the time too.
Do you love the little fool?
"I don't know about that voodoo shit, man, But chris is definitely doing something."
"All right, just shut it."
She ran on stage to begin her so-called act... a pitiful display... based solely on how disgusting she could be.
The OPEN sign was a liar.
"If you so much as move to touch me, I will sever your manhood."
"""Th"" first was lettin' it slip that Gailet is alive, an' that Fiben's made a fool of you again."
"Get off my trees,you bucktoothed sporran!"
"Shit, I don't even care."
People are gonna die.
"If the cops had any evidence that something like that might have happened, you'd be in deep shit, Jessie."
"Goddamn it, Otto's gonna have irreversible brain damage in about 30 seconds,"
"Get the fuck off of me, man."
I'm gonna go before I wring your neck.
Grimes talked about old women handling his balls for the rest of the hour.
Mass graves for me and a beach with liquor for you.
Russell Edgington is the most duplicitous vampire in the Americas... ...maybe the world.
Get the hell out of my house.
"Jessica, I invite you in. Fuck."
"Throw him in prison or throw him in the Thames, I say."
We would have gotten them this time if you weren't such a ball hog.
Once again his black-cloaked companion lingered.
If you're too chickenshit to be in the dynamic duo club... ...I'll find somebody else who can keep up with me.
What the hell are you up to?
It would be like accidentally hanging yourself in the closet because you were experimenting with a new way of jacking off and got found that way with your shorts under your feet and shit on your ankles.
The truth... ...is that I'm a fool.
"Damn, what's this?"
"Dumbass, I'm not talking about driving it across the border."
"I don't want to talk to you, waste of time"
"Rob Schneider, what a twit!"
At least they're sleeping and not having Skitter group sex.
I've got a sore back from carrying your ass around for the last 15 years.
"Aw, crap!"
Your daddy rollin' over in his goddamned grave.
I've been up for 36 fuckin' hours.
"The Book of Revelation says the ten kings... ..""shall hate the whore, and make her desolate and naked,... ..shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire."""
How screwed up is that?
"A sad-eyed old gentleman's faux-pas was mail fraud, and, as if that were not enough, he was cursed with deformed arches."
And even if you know what the fuck you're talking about
"' 'cos someone in black is standing in it, that's why."
Suck all the poison out of my life.
"And this shit, too. It's magic for my kid."
"Grace, I don't know what the hell you guys are talking about."
"She's a goddess, DuBois, a goddamn goddess."
I feel like I broke a couple of the sons of bitches.
Think I'll devour you?
They're not that easy to kill.
"'You caused this, you fool!' stormed Braefar."
"The bugger is, she's here with some other guy."
You're a real stutterer.
"""All die."""
"And since we're talking, I never told anyone this before, and it... ...Wipe that smug smile off his stupid face. His face is stupid."
What kind of mother is gonna call her kid Willy unless she wants his ass kicked every day at the playground?
How am I supposed to have sex while your biological clock is going off?
"Please, these jerks don't even have orange juice."
"Girl, you flipping shit faster than a pooper scooper."
A perfect example of this school's discriminatory preference of semen to ovaries.
Do you think I am a fool?
Because you're the kinda guy who's gonna fuck it all up himself.
Bullshit. You tore out his heart like he didn't even matter.
But I'm coming with you to make sure no one does anything stupid.
"There Garshon castrated him, then hanged him."
"I prefer ""slappers"" or ""slags."""
"I would love to hear you beg for your life, but you'd bore the shit out of me."
"If you're gonna offer me your spit, I'll take it straight from the spigot."
You gotta tell somebody that shit.
The guy is a menace.
You get the fuck out of my place!
Not to mention running that pipeline up the Ewings' ass for you.
I won... ..so die like you promised.
And then broke one of my vases. I did slap him.
"Damn, I thought that was closer."
"C'mon, he was gonna die anyway."
"Oh, fucking hell. .. if you ever want to walk again."
"Now, if I make one mistake inserting this blasting cap, we all die a fiery death."
I had a girlfriend make a sex tape for me once.
Beating you.
"Shit, it's us."
The stupid bus is stuck.
Ben knew that killing her now while she slept might possibly save the world and himself.
Except how a beautiful woman ended up swilling out pigs in the middle of nowhere.
Thanks. Hope it don't go to your brain.
Killed the mother.
"One missed completely, but the heel of the other caught her high up in the diaphragm, just below her breasts."
You're gonna give me an ulcer.
And the carpet burn. I had sex in my sleep?
little Evelyn's so sexual.
"What are you going to do, just be miserable your whole life?"
"Say ""what"" one more goddamn time!"
"""Who the hell's that?"" Rader asked."
"In the window were hundreds of books about fucking and buggery and murder, and a street guide to New York City, and a model of the Statue of Liberty with a thermometer on it."
How the hell did they know we're here?
Piss off!
She looks like shit. is her stylist blind?
"Street name, giggle pig."
He's a monster. #At least Angel survives.
What the hell's the matter with you guys?
Your friends are wimps.
I sat down and shut up.
"I call it a mouse cock, not you."
What the hell are you doing?!
"You're with a naked buddy in the shower, soaping his--"
You haven't got the guts!
"Look, if you don’t want your mom and dad to know you were here... ...don’t be such a smart-ass."
"You have a date? I'm going dancing, which is ridiculous because I'm a terrible dancer."
"Fucker, hung up on me."
"Oome on, Frank. We know the fuckin' money's in the fridge."
"Oh, Jesus Christ! The fucking sky is falling!"
This is a pretty fucked up thing to do to somebody.
"The paidhi would care to drown, rather than put on court formality and that damned tailored coat, but Tabini had other plans."
"Ornery as hell, of course."
I'm not too old to enjoy hot sex with Zapp.
"Yeah, I know I'm being a wuss again."
I just came to tell you you need to get your shit together!
"Let me assure you, Blackadder, if I no longer had a tongue... ..you wouldn't have a tongue to tell me that if I had inconweenienced you, I would no longer have a tongue with which to offer you his tongue."
"Nani Vitali, a dangerous criminal Hes already killed two people You know what hes known as?"
Attack me if you don't agree!
What shit are you talking?
I don't fucking know.
Or Gutiérrez. Shit.
"Dude, remember that time we got really stoned and started throwing shit off that bridge to see if it would float?"
"Yo, brain-dead... the manual!"
I think I fucked up on the Waits' case.
"Now the politicians are saying, ""Send in the Marines to secure the area,"" 'cause they don't give a shit."
"Shut up, Dimple!"
Have you gone crazy too?
I want you to keep that in mind when I eventually make love to your mother.
Now who the hell are you?
It's a suicide run.
Because they're all liars.
I got a little surprise for you fuckers.
"Oh, damn it!"
Get the hell out of my house.
"Hey, the garbage man says the elevator's out again."
Now that... is what I call a blow job.
Get the fuck out of the way!
I'm looking for my money... ...which your rat of a husbandstole from me.
"No shit, this is Graham, he's the birthday boy."
"""Are you shitting me?"
"But, uh, the feeling I get from you, You know, looking in your eyes, Killing more kids is only gonna make you feel more pain."
I'm telling you. That little prick knows what's coming.
Where the hell did she come from?
"""No one's ever been caught."" Bastard."
Just making sure none of your asshole crew members gets drunk and puts a bullet through the hull.
What the hell are you doing?
I want you to have my cock ring.
You're one of the smartest hardest working Most annoying pain-In-The-Ass cops In my department.
"None of your damn business, Ted."
Go fuck.
What the fuck--?
"An ACLU lawyer had sued the cops' asses, and won, but that didn't bring the vamp back."
So who gives a shit what they think?
"You got a 44-year-old, gainfully employed black woman falsely accused..."
Is this where you put Dick?
Bring 'em in dead or alive.
Kill some Indians?
"You would, sir, if your wife had been murdered."
Two sprays and you'll be doing Your own fucking version of the king's speech.
"They'll shoot you. They're going to want to know why you so special, we let you live."
"""Harra'd skin me alive if I let you get away without seeing her!"
Beatriz read the lines that Flattery's hired maggot fed her.
Then she's more foolish than I thought.
"She hate Hispanics and Arabs and Jews, too?"
"No, killing yourself is not an option."
"Jesus, Bad."
This fucking Jew... was supposed to help me in the sewers.
"Come on, come on. Spit it out."
"You know, screw it. it doesn't matter."
It's been a long fucking day.
"I go back to sleep. When I wake up, I won't remember a goddamn thing."
"Probably out back with a busboy, smoking a big fat dookie."
Destroy that cart!
And how does she have two-point-three million damn dollars in her 401K? - that a lot?
"""Did that creature just sayfuck, young man?"""
And I'll be damned if I'm gonna let Somebody else tell you about it!
"You know, if you looked him up, it could have just been out of curiosity, but come on Austin's a guy I mean, I doubt he was wondering what ever happened to that cute girl I used to play 'Doctor' with, because, boy, it would sure suck to hook up with her."
What am I going to fucking realize?
You mean we have to k-k-kill live action cow?
He must've had some fucking bad taste in women.
Get the hell out of this office right now!
How dare you make a fool of my son!
"What they done was ""take coup,"" hit the enemy with a little stick. Humiliate them."
"Yeah, but what the hell are we going to do with a martyr?"
"She's a child of sin, begotten in liquor and lust."
"""Wash behind your ears!"" Schlob shrieked as she tore a narc limb from limb and discarded his armor like a candy wrapper."
"Shit the same, I made him vice president."
Shut Up!
By getting scum like you off the streets.
These free-sex clubs miss the whole point of sexual freedom.
Alex is also a name for a boy. So your mom kind of screwed you.
"If Joan Crawford were alive, I’d challenge her to a wire coat-hanger fight, and I’d lacerate her.”"
"Aaah! Help me, you cowards!"
But how many of those drivers... know how to kill using the vagus nerve?
"It sucks, but you got to play."
"Boy, boy, crazy boy"
"“Berfert’s a salamander, a walking firebomb."
How in the hell is that family ever gonna come up with $200 million?
"Hey, what the hell is he doing here?"
"What the hell are you doing out here, Earl?"
Looked like a fuckin' baby when he opened his mouth.
"Okay, you can put her in a sweet little dress, but underneath it all, she is still a straight up gangster, just like her old man."
"You talk of hell, Corky?"
"And if you won't help me, I'll do it fucking alone."
You mean kill her?
What the hell?!
"Ricki, your accent is as lame as your playing."
"""That you should have carnal relations with your mother, no doubt."""
That dog of Candy's is so God damn old he can't hardly walk.
"Thanks to the Seeker, that monster is dead... ...and rotting for all eternityin the Underworld."
"Yes, but the ticket is a loser."
"Well, I'd say I'm not getting paid enough to deal with this crap, but I so am, so..."
"And then leaked her own sex tape, then claimed she was raped."
You wave. Keep your mouth shut.
"Because without food, you'il die first."
I'm so ugly.
He really looks like a little wetback.
I'll need to draw blood.
Sex is... forgivable.
It seems stupid to make America a copy of another country.
The loser doesn't eat for two days!
"But you wouldn't understand since you didn't already have plans. Right, loser implied."
It's just a stupid prank.
"""Hilda, someday I'm going to get you drunk."""
And I just fucked up my car getting this info for you Quinn.
That guy's got a neck the size of a truck.
Fuck the gas shortage and the high price of beef and the shaky ceasefire.
"First of all, and I don't know how to tell you this without hurting you deeply... First of all, you happen to be white."
"They designed it so a fucking monkey could work it, man."
To go and cry some more about your wicked mother who preferred her patients to her daughter?
"If you can't kill it, join it."
Daddy probably wants Saddam dead more than you.
"I want to be with you, but I fuck other girls occasionally."
"'they are so wicked, I will have to wipe them off the face of the earth.'"" really?"
"You, fuck off."
What about all that fake shit Gavin was doing?
"By the time you get out, asshole, there won't even be cars."
We waste fucking effort.
They're all horrible.'
Why don't you just go to a gay bar?!
"If by ""busy,"" you mean torturing and killing mafiosos that might know where her father is."
Brian would kill me if I told anyone.
"Ah, to heck with it."
"""I thought you should have the first taste"" of my pussy."
None of your damn business!
What if I just jump on you and beat the dog shit out of you?
"Anything you're not taking to college ... either goes to the attic, or it's trash."
Filipinos working abroad—because the economy of the Philippines is so lame.
"Tell them we are horrible... ...desperate, ghoulish creatures who will stop at nothing... ...to get our house back."
The idea that I would withhold valuable leads for personal reasons is fucking absurd.
"I could have killed him, with the wet towels all over the floor."
"Judging by what I’d read in the paper, the special words and symbols took maybe three days to fuck him up enough to swallow the pills and climb into the tub."
What's a faggot look like?
If you think you can sneak up on a vampire... ...y'all dumber in the head than a hog is in the butt.
The kid makes it look so goddamn easy!
But if you come closer I'll throw you over!
Kid's a fucking natural.
"He was holding up Harry's disgusting, slimy sock, and looking at it as though it were a priceless treasure."
I fucking know you're not.
There's no one fuckin' there?
"You can take the house, the kid, the car, the whole goddamn thing."
Those fucking guys are gonna go crazy When they knoW about them.
You're not gonna take your men . . around into the jungle to avoid a goddamn fight!
I ain't all skinny and shit.
For God's sake! What the hell are you doin' here?
He probably killed her last night.
Drank a lot of them and I still don't like you.
Don't think I won't shoot just because of the girl
It's a suicide mission.
Fucking prick wants me to do a studio movie.
Rolling death balls.
"Burn it, Link!"
The greatest of my pride is to see my ewes graze... ...and my lambs suck.
Is there anything that you can do that isn't completely stupid?
"And he just said, ""Fuck it."
"Honey, I don't know about the world, but I'm about to end your face."
If a frog had wings it wouldn't bump it's ass a-hopping.
How could you think me such a monster?
"Shit, Lester."
"Destined to be burnt at the stake, but saved for eternity."
Oh! You sentimental old slob.
My name is Therese Dodd and these are my breasts.
"Get up, come home and stop being a fool."
"Look,I could squash you with an eye roll,but you could take on tracy."
"All he knows is studying, like a fool."
The members of the Bureau of Military Procurement are the greatest unhanged scoundrels in the empire.
You're a very complicated woman and more trouble than you're worth.
"Batou, why the hell did he attack you in that thing'?"
Totally ridiculous.
Robson doesn't think Carlão knows shit...
Who was it? The Detroit cock-squasher?
"But the truth was, we were both losers by legacy."
Trying to figure out how I can sexually harass you and get away with it.
You know why? Because he's stuck underneath the fucking truck!
"Man, I hate bullies."
And l-- And I remembered your mother... ...and that pathetic little pharmacythey have there... ...and how you always used tocomplain how understaffed they were.
It was stupid. I... I...
You fucking with me?
"In your mind, you think... ...your mother shouldn't want sex,because she has you."
Oh! Holy crap!
I knew I was finished when that ass in Personnel met me at the airport.
"Excuse me,I forgot about the nobility that accompanies coming with a fucking vibrator."
I hope your stepmother enjoys rotting in jail... ...protecting the legacy of the great Bart Bass.
"Oh, shit! there's more!"
Are you always this bloody rude or have we just caught you on a bad day?
And your girl's on some new shit today.
He's got a damn shotgun!
And this isn't your garden-variety date rape drug.
"Fuck, help me out!"
Faster you black bitch! Faster!
Just blackness.
Will you take the money with you when you're dead? She's a witch!
This is as good as a medal Fuck!
And on my birthday he'd give me a fucking phone call.
You guys got to settle that shit.
We all lost the fucking war.
Ηe's worried he's gotten you into even more trouble. I'm really in the shit.
"But if you try anything, I will book you for murder."
So just go right ahead and punch it.
Bullshit you were honest.
Bullshit. You're the best I've ever worked with--
You really think I killed that sack of shtako?
I realized at that point that we are screwed.
"A young boy, Negro."
"Damn it, where the hell did I put that?"
"""I hear you're in the shit,"" he said."
They're going to gas us!
He is extremely violent and very cunning as you already know.
"I mean, he just could be fuckin' obsessed with her."
I would not rather... He died...
"The laptop would be stupid anyway, there's no Wi-Fi."
"I shot at one, kicked at the other, just as something struck me hard on the neck from behind."
Fanucci proved himself a murderer.
"So, don't tell me that I am upset , damn !"
Tomorrow? Shit!
It still sounds like stupid thing to me.
You're giving your heart to a money-grubbing harlot who only cares about herself.
Shithead watched Empire and Jedi last week.
"The bad news is, the yellow jackets that burrowed up my pee hole made a nest out of my prostate."
When he chooses for us to die.
Speak of the devil Mike Doyle. And he's not alone.
These puritans killed Akil.
"Dana, I've only ever enjoyed talking to you when your mouth was full."
"Your uncle's a plumber, your cousin's a dent..."
"I became ""Night Bitch"" after my sister was murdered and found in a dumpster."
I just wish we could have sex without the constant pressure - of your need to get pregnant.
"I can't, uh, I can't get this stupid thing off mute."
What the hell's going on?
Why don't you tell them that Sukarno makes empty speeches... and builds monuments to his vanity while his people starve to death.
"The young woman brought herself up straight, inhaling to make her breasts stand out."
"They talk about silly pop groups and clothes and say things like,"
"Shit, this is getting on my nerves!"
You fucking want me?
What year and shit.
"Get us over, Wade! Oh, shit!"
You've just been bloody shot.
At law gives white cops permission to racially profile hispanics.
That could be anybody's pig-crap silo.
He's got to wank off to the underwear section of the Sears catalogue.
She's sucking his blood!
"Just cover my ass, Beckett."
"Maybe on that ship he looked like a dickhead in front of his mates, but in the trendier parts of Plymouth or Shoreditch, he would have gone down like a genius."
"Don't give me that ""little lady"" shit!"
You should just throw them out
Turns out he'd secretly hated Yuri for years. Some ridiculous business dispute he wouldn't forgive.
Don't play dumb with me.
"Oh, your mate Rubin, by the way, he squealed like a pig."
I forgot how being pregnant makes you fart.
Your mother is dead.
You put it in the fucking street?
He a g-g-g-garbage can! That's why he done been kicked outta Dethklok all those years back.
Perhaps you did not come here to live like a gypsy.
You dishonourable top'a!
"It's against human nature, but it saves lives, so move your ass."
"But his gaze shifted from the cadaver to the phantasms, those pathetic, shadowy forms always hovering near their bodies, within reach, yet unable to touch."
"We're gonna go in hard, and we're gonna pull in every damn one of them."
"Damn it, daddy, take me home!"
"Unless you wanna go to buying from your housekeeper's cousin... ...put away the pipe, hide the pot, and get your head out of your ass."
"Every year, some poor bastard gets put on the list, and this year, it was me."
I can't get a damn thing on this!
"eliot, call in the head of security."
"Like... ..."" Hey, man, how's the grounddown there?"" and shit."
"Hello, tigger family!"
And you're sitting here alone at the Bronze looking like you have cancer ofthe puppy.
They're calling the thief the Kissing Bandit.
"A set of bristles the size of the head of a toothbrush traveled across her chest, tickling her nipples through her bathing suit and crossing over the camera that was draped around her neck."
Half the folks in this community think I'm as senile as a loon anyway.
I can't hear jack shitover the lawnmower.
"Ηe caressed it gently, opened and closed the cheeks. . . And sucked it greedily."
Are you fucking done?
"Hit them hard, because what happens there is scaring them here."
Stop sounding so fucking sad!
Everybody fools you.
"So do me a favor, sweetheart. From now on, keep your legs closed."
Hide the stink bomb.
Go sleep inside or your mouth will turn.
When they're all in one place you slaughter 'em.
'Where in the devil's name is he?' he snapped.
"Shit, I don't know."
Light the damn tree! Yeah!
"Not until Manticore had brought its damned war to Yeltsin's Star—and that was Mayhew's fault, not the Keys'!"
We go after this damn thing. Together.
I just snapped and hit him.
"So, is that why you brought up that rond dejambe attitude shit... because you don't want to talk about it?"
So why don't you just shut your Cinematic Morals hole... and maybe let fat Orson here teach you something?
Get this clown trained. I want him in the games until he dies playing.
"There's eight more up here, but you're carrying those down your damn self."
"Crazy is being miserable and walking around half asleep, numb, day after day after day."
I'm a failure as a man.
Have sex with me.
His name's Dummy.
Ought to plug you in the leg.
Get the fuck out of here!
"Something about Paul's helping the brass deliberately sabotage his refit so Warlock didn't get back to Basilisk in time to keep you from making him look like the stupid sack of shit he is."""
"""I'm not gay, but I did fuck your suspect?"""
Do you think I'm stupid?
Should've taken the shot when you had the chance.
I thought you said not to kill them?
Why don't we just cut the clown act... ...and you tell us what you're willing to come up to?
I can hardly fucking talk.
Seems stupid to me.
"I'll poke him for you, if you want."
I wish I had time to shave you.
Freaks marry first.
"I am on my ass, Uncle Frank."
"And I'm the fucking boss, OK?"
They beat the crap out of me.
White people will run all over you if you don't look mean.
"Relax a bit or your brain will blow up, honey."
"We used to say that as kids, ""You bet your fern. "" But I was f-a-t."
You're a sacovitch.
"I mean, you just said back there- - I said a bunch of crap for Bobby."
Get off the fucking floor!
Let me shoot this one.
Because my dad said that you're also a butt pirate.
"I mean, he might be a boring arse, 但是这次他创造了奇迹 but he performed a miracle."
Get the fuck out of there.
"What do you want, you monster?"
Die with me each night and be born again with me each morning... as you plant your sword into the hearts of our enemies.
I could not make this shit up if I tried.
"You've never been to an airport, dummy?"
"Oh, could you grab me an extra virgin..."
Your Dad's shitting on you.
I killed his sister. I ordered black coffee this morning and got cream.
Ain't that damn truck there yet?
I'll kill every last one of them.
"If that asshole in the wheelchair had not stolen the good tread shoes out from underneath me, none of this would've happened, and by the way, what does he need them for?"
"He's all like, ""Don't touch my shit, man."""
"I spent five years on that game, and you shit all over it."
Love stinks.
"What do we do? You are going to have to shoot down that plane, Mr President."
"""Grandpa, I'm a miserable failure."
We both should be scared shitless.
I will kill her unless you back the hell out of there now!
Poor bastards.
Stronger than you. Damn!
They still fucking with you?
Blade... the daywalker-- still pursuing his ridiculous crusade.
"I can't let her throw me under the bus and drive over me, then back up a few fuckin' times and drive off."
I have tried my damnedest.
Just a stupid detail.
"Roland made a sound, choked and miserable, deep in his throat."
I could make love to you right here.
"""What... what I wanted to ask... and this may sound like a stupid question..."""
"Oh, man, I wanted to piss in their pool."
But I got to New Orleans fast as I fucking could.
"If I invite the trash from every prison and brothel in London, you will receive them and you'il make them welcome."
You must go! Have you lost your mind?
You're lucky no one came along and ate your bloody landmark.
What reason would anyone have to kill him?
With a jerk Michael Wenton-Weakes looked up from his book.
"It's not often you grace us with your loathsome company, Benny."
"I mean, does he have sex with all of them?"
What the hell happened to you?
Don't blame us 'cause you're weak!
"You've managed to kill just about everyone else. But like a poor marksman, you keep missing the target!"
"But I established myself as the best damn doctor that ever roamed these filthy halls, which is a curse actually because now I'm expected to make eye contact with every insult to medicine that comes into this dump."
It's a freaking scandal.
"So if you wanted to screw her, mechanically speaking, you could."
Holy shit. You're a dude.
"Cut her arms off, it would!"
"Be reasonable, E. - Blow me."
I've been fighting this bullshit for years.
My mom giving my dad a blow job before I've even had my eggs?
The Marine Corps wants killers.
To pull the world's most awesomest story out of my ass!
"""Summon me to your bed and revile me freely while you-"""
Get your ass back over here.
"Picked him up in a Texas town a few years back, living off café garbage."
Are you sure he's not a midget with a learning disability?
The necromancer's face flushed an ugly red.
"Walter, why don't you go see a doctor... and ask him if he can find some ghostly outline... where your balls used to be... and then plead with him to stitch another pair back on?"
"A couple of bellhops are engaged in a pathetic, Sisyphean contest with his bag, which has roughly the dimensions and mass of a two-drawer filing cabinet."
We had sex almost immediately in the clubhouse.
Keep an eye on my shit.
"No one's going to fuck with me, Jack!"
"Well, Rog, you do yourself a fucking favor, mate, 'cause this is your last chance for a fucking peaceful night."
Her sexuality is abysmal and she believes in colored fluids.
"Never again. Mister Lipa, with all due respect, comparing this hospital with Auschwitz, it's ridiculous."
Homosexuality is not encouraged in the club.
"You were better off dead, Cassidy. And I hope you soon will be."
"He's been fucking with weather systems across half the country to play keep-away with you, and that can't go on."
"There is so much pussy, and because of the war, there are no guys."
"You're lucky she's here, you little prick."
Getting shit all over the back seat!
And what they'il see is you targeting blacks and Latinos.
"If he was armed he was going to shoot, but he was going to miss."
"So if I were you, I'd shut up."
A fucking wheelchair?
"But we suck. Yes,but anything can happen on halloween."
like a sex crime victim... underwear inside out... bound with electrical tape.
You left the fucking gas on again.
My mom was doing that shit.
You don't have to let them fuck with your brain.
Any other questions are waste of fucking time.
Love sucks.
"We massacred all Indians who resisted and with the local water putrid, we drank the strong wine."
A fucking binky for you to suck on until you feel better?
You just signed your own death warrant.
"Me and Jackson had you pegged as a pedophile. Right, Jackson?"
"Lily Aldrin as a parrot, and Marshall Eriksen as a gay pirate. Oh, yeah!"
Why don't you just go back downstairs and find one of your little girlies to freak with.
"""Damn, I'm good,"" Stoll said."
"No, Karen, I tripped over your ineptitude."
Witch or nerd?
"That's damn near married, girl."
Someone shoots me from a passing car.
You missed a damn fine show.
This isn't a fucking internship.
Even brushing up against the target Is enough to infect and kill him.
"America is definitely in the top 5 in IQs... I read about it in Time Magazine, when I doing that fuckin' Graham experiment."
There's a wretched man out there.
"What the fuck is going on, Derek?"
"Bam, what the hell are you doing?"
He swayed aside and clubbed the creature on the ear with his left fist.
So you tell me how the fuck did we get here?
"Dude, that skank just blew like five dudes, yo."
How the hell did you do that?
"The city's been evacuated, but we're getting our asses kicked down here."
It's a shame the throne isn't made out of cocks.
You want some pig?
"We've gotta fucking go now, Carter."
I told you guys it was a stupid idea to leave our instruments at school.
You can watch your gay sports show tomorrow.
What am I supposed to tell my probation officer? I am so screwed.
Demon samurai.
Draconian devils?
"To Joe Junior, that house was just the place where he came after school, the place where his father ragged him n called him a book-readin sissy."
"Jaime Lannister, son of the mighty Tywin... forced to mind the door while your king eats and drinks and shits and fucks."
"Yo, wake your ass up, puto."
Do you want to shoot it?
"And second, tomorrow is our big game against the retards from Ernst Barlach High."
This is fucking cool!
I've always said they're going to kill him.
Maybe tomorrow I'll punch Hector in the face.
"I will divorce your ass so fast, you won't see it coming!"
Committing suicide by...
"Or perhaps, it is you Selene As the last of your wretched family who has something to hide"
I have everything I need to keep them from sentencing you to death.
"He ran into the woods, and slashed his own throat with the dagger that killed Connavar."
"I'm a fool, whether I say yes or no no no."
You're just as bad as your brother.
Who in the hell is Bill Mackenzie?
What's wrong? - Shit.
Should I go shake the cash out of your crazy cousin and his wife?
"You can't resign while this country is being brought to the brink of a nuclear holocaust by a weak, misguided president."
The Belgians have a urinating infant.
He used to kill bulls.
One of the biggest and hairiest dicks in the world.
"Don't call mr. Blaine a ""gay wad"", He's a brilliant man."
What in the hell is Phillip Stroh doing in a six-pack?
"Then you are a true prince of Persia, brutal without honor."
I'm so damned disappointed.
What the heck?
He withheld information to save his own ass.
Let's play some real fuckin' music!
"Now clean up all that shit, huh?"
"Purge them totally off our land, ideally, off our planet."
When the fuck are you gonna wake up?
Do you think he was the only one thinking that would be stupid?
You don't fuckin' know me!
You guys have to put an end to this cop-fireman bullshit today and be civilized human beings.
How bout you kids? Kill anyone?
"Hey, look what the fuck you did, man!"
Says the man holding the plastic ass-gina. - Hey.
You are pussy.
"A young, fat man."
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about
We'll fight you
So what fucking good is that if we need it in six. . .
We're not supposed to know who you are... because we're not officers. We're just shit and no one tells us shit.
When Roland drives your father home from the clinic... ...it would be nice if they both died in an accident
"Oh. Because... you wouldn't have sex with him, or...?"
If I thought like a homicidal maniac... then I'd know how a homicidal maniac thinks.
I suppose you've all had a good laugh... ...thinking what fools you've made of the British Empire.
You sucked his cock?
Girls like you cause these things.
"That's a pile of horse manure, son."
Picture the ball as someone you hate... hit 'em right between the eyes.
You think I'm a goddamn kid?
A couple of hood rats point their fingers at some beverly hills kid. Who's connected enough to walk away from three assault raps.
Take off the damn hood and look at me.
Ol'Ben here… would shave my Daddy with a straight razor.
He'il die if we don't.
"Aim for the flag! Aw, shit."
Meet up in the middle of the day for sex.
Think of these clods as what they are--slaves envious of their masters and waiting only the opportunity to rebel.
Jerk. Probably couldn't get to his real gun fast enough.
But it's bad enough that they had to bore you with those stupid stories.
Looks like the good doctor was a boozer.
You are damaged and you're bad--
But I’m rarely that fucking lucky.
God damn you!
Ask the damn follow-up and then demonstrate with facts how the guest is lying.
Who the fuck wants death?
They've had their tongues cut out.
You naughty girl.
You're disgusting.
I'll cut off all ties and I'll never speak to you again!
"Goddamn it, I think it forgot my gloves down there."
"Don't fuck with me, man."
"Because if you say ""I"" one more time, I'm gonna actually hurl something at your head, I think."
Course he doesn't make any apologies for my mom or fucking
God! Why can't my friends be fuckin' friends?
Just gonna leave me in bum-Fuck Canada?
"Get off my back, Coach."
Now we're gonna drown.
Get the fuck outta here.
That blonde slut thought she could have them all.
"Now, each one of these clever lads thinks the moredhel are lying, because he knows everyone else is as stupid and greedy as he is."
"No, no, I'm quite ready to make a foolish match with any woman between 1 5 and 30."
"'Maybe,' said Malfoy in an undertone, so that only Harry could hear him, 'the stupid great oaf's got himself badly injured.'"
We can never know what thoughts run through your sick brain!
Ridiculous. Some old rich... But good old Mrs. March hated leaves in her pool.
The little prick insults the Duke... ... he don't eat in this house.
Did he know I was screwing his wife on their new Scotchgarded sofa?
So goddamn lonely...
I've been meddling with Ted's schedule... and I got you off the garbage duty.
"You heard me, damn it."
"What the hell did you do that for, Kenny?!"
"To escape his stepfather, who was beating the shit out of him."
We have to come up with another plan because the one we had just went to shit.
"Damnit. Doug, I'm here in New Orleans."
"It surged past my vision in concrete waves of wrath, snarling and growling, carnivorous, drunk with whiskey from pillaged warehouses, drunk with hatred, drunk with lust for blood—men, women, and children, in rags and tatters, dim ferocious intelligences with all the godlike blotted from their features and all the fiendlike stamped in, apes and tigers, anaemic consumptives and great hairy beasts of burden, wan faces from which vampire society had sucked the juice of life, bloated forms swollen with physical grossness and corruption, withered hags and death's-heads bearded like patriarchs, festering youth and festering age, faces of fiends, crooked, twisted, misshapen monsters blasted with the ravages of disease and all the horrors of chronic innutrition—the refuse and the scum of life, a raging, screaming, screeching, demoniacal horde."
You think I give a rat's ass about what happened to you last week?
"""Shit, I ain't seen Carlitoin what, fifteen years?"""
That miserable falcon!
"Eat it, alien scum!"
I'm just saying a shot in the head is more extreme.
Are you out of your mind?
Are you all right? ... will be rid of them.
"And it would have remained so, had it not been for that worm of greed in his nature."
"You've been screwing the wrong man, Gitta."
"Who protect you... ...when my friend, Cesar Rosa, wanted to slice your fucking throat out?"
Jesus tits!
You'll probably be beaten.
"You'll need somethin' else, you son of a bitch, once I get my hands on you!"
"""Sex."""
Lucky fucking Andy world?!
"When you and him come to 'em, tell fucking Adams and he'll bring you my reply later."
You've got to be kidding. DICK:
Sometimes you gotta wash away the paint and reveal to the world the jackass that is hiding beneath.
Those nasty soldiers that were chasing us.
"They've been blaring your name out on the radio for the last hour, you big ape."
"Mug me or marry me, Shakes. I'm too tired for anything else."
I'm about to get in a hot-air balloon and get Evel Knievel on my own ass.
It had probably come from the goon whose nose he had smashed in — though how he had done a thing like that he still wasn't certain.
Didn't you try to kill yourself when she began her affair with Terry McCandless?
How I would walk up to you when you least expect it... ...and slap you across the face for leaving me like that.
Look at you. You're all burnt.
Take this money and bury your husband.
"I did something. I did something really stupid, Master Splinter."
Did you ever watch golf on television? It's like watching flies fuck.
"Okay, jerk-off, I'll go with you."
"These are big investors, Naomi. That's fucked."
What the hell kind of answer is that?
What the hell are they?
"Hump him, Walker."
"It was all some dream, some pathetic fantasy...."
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR BYETTA PEN
So you keep fucking telling me!
"When I think of your dad, you should hate my dad."
"But poor, poor. Poorest fucking place I've ever been, I think."
"Oh, she's fucking you too?"
I'm up to my ears in this shit.
"""I'm a fool, boy."""
Not a fucking chance in the world. ...they may have found an air pocket.
We all want to fuck Mrs Stanley.
"When you see three, punch a third."
I am protecting what it took me 20 goddamn years to build.
What the hell you doing on our bus?
He is sneaky and manipulative and you cannot trust him.
Her and her lesbian lover Trixy are usually still awake from the night before.
"This is damn fine coffee, by the way."
"The near-empty cage-clearing inside the circle of trailers; the two men, facing each other silently, their clothes and hair rippled by the shrieking gale; the boiling sky above; the twisting wheatfields in the background, like damned souls bending to the whip of Lucifer."
Don't kill this one! You have orders!
"The gods will take all your loved ones, one by one, to their death."
"And if one of these paparazzis step on their azaleas, the Mayor's phone's gonna ring, the Chief's phone after that, and the Watch Commander's phone after that, so you tell me -- which direction does this shitstorm roll in?"
And scare the shit out of the kids on Halloween.
"If not, I'll die your maid"
"Crap. Did you know this, Vince? Has nothing to do with the fact that Doyle shot agent Dean and then he pointed his gun at me."
He took pictures of my ass.
"Yeah, well, round here, it's only ever sex and money."
"This is another sign of your tragic space dementia, all paranoid and crotchety."
"Not this shit, though, dude."
That wench looked down on me!
He's just a poor kid from the stupid ages.
All because my ahmagh son couldn't keep his big mouth shut!
Insert the needle into your skin (subcutaneously).
"Imagine, you fuck up, and somebody loses his sight forever-- or dies."
"I'm going out with Samantha and her lesbian lover, and I am proud."
"Why the hell would I ever trust you around Bo again, huh?"
It stinks!
Unfortunately you disappointed me today because of your weakness and mediocrity.
Get the fuck out.
Fuck off home and deep-fry a goose?
"You'll never have to kill another man, thank God!"""
"Oh, you mean the freak? With that one friend that makes him even freakier?"
That's none of your bloody business.
Apart from backache from sitting in this car all day with your bum-chum.
Or a liar.
I want money! - Scum!
"Well, they come for the hookers, but they stay for the crab cakes."
"And as for my husband, I could hardly have gone on living with a traitor."
How come this fucking van is so clean?
I'm gonna go to the little Men's-in-Black room... ...then we'll go find those morons from Pox Ethera. Lunch is on me.
"Sorry, that was my stupid friend"
Found a shitload of narcotics.
Get us the fuck out of here.
"""You have yourself cursed youth!"
Just give me a gun.
'How many men have stopped drinking themselves stupid at the age of twenty to save a stranger dying of liver failure at forty?'
"I mean, I hump her in public."
I was gonna take him to the hospital and dump him.
"Where are you, my wretched son?"
They were playing fetch or something... she's fucking bananas.
"Damn it, I really need one with sprinkles."
"They're all criminals, right?"
And you... ...help your landlady carry out her garbage.
What the fuck's the matter?
Men lie about everything.
Where the hell do you think you are?
"The same crappy, blue Chevy Nova."
"If it wasn't for me, you'd be butch."
You're damn right I am.
I can't live unless I kill and I can't live that way.
"Thanks for not teaching me how to find water, the only thing I would need to know in my entire fucking life."
The guy's a fuckin' accountant.
I don't understand when you speak French. - You're a liar.
Got the jury so drunk that- his halfwit brother was the only member sober enough to vote
"I guess you're not a fucking babysitter, are you?"
"I'm trapped in fucking car... and I wish I had air conditioning, balloons, cheese, dynamite, and every Beatles album."
"Just 'cause some cute girl likes the same bizarro crap you do, that doesn't make her your soul mate, Tom."
In my room I masturbate and have a pain in my groin.
Get the hell out of here!
"Now, just piss off!"
Will you watch her die?
"You have really screwed up, George."
You geeks are badass.
You got no fucking loyalty.
Wonder how many licks it will take to get to your centre?
"I've seen you kill other vampires, and I know you've got a sting or two."
"It's just the rain, Donkey."
What happened to Tara... that shit should never happen.
Getting a girl to have sex with you is not about planning ahead.
It is high time to bring Dorothy Machal down to Hell.
"And she turns to me and she's almost crying, with her Yoo-hoo and shit, and she says, ""I've never been to California."
"All right, enough bullshit."
Why'd you bury my fucking money under a site?
Why would you be living in this rat hole?
Somebody owes us a goddamn apology.
"I pulled a baby out of a dumpster for the last time. That's when I had hollander and his crew set an example of a couple of the problem tenants, so the rest of the trash would know that they were n tolerated in my projects."
"Frank, kill himself? Get away."
"You know, I still don't know how you let that shit happen, man."
Now get the hell out of my face.
What the hell is Burnout doing there?
"If you let Robin live, I'll do the most disgusting thing I can think of."
"He gambles, he drinks, he's always in the company of whores, he lives an expensive life."
"I end up taking a road trip to the suburbs, where I find my drunk-ass point guard on top of Daddy's little princess!"
"When a pirate's marooned, he's given a pistol with a single shot. One shot."
Guilty is that witch... ...who has seduced a monk.... ...and has practiced her diabolical ritual within this hallowed place.
"Now, shut up and cast me off."
"It's hotter than two rats screwing in a wool sock out there, yeah?"
And you know what the most pathetic part is?
"You just sit in the back, and I don't wanna hear a peep outta your ass."
Witches aren't allowed to do magic here.
They used to try and beat the shit out of me instead.
Never mind him... some sort of sorcerer.
"I'd point out that if there's a thief here, it's you."
Get off her.
Employ elbow block. And body shot.
"Tommy, this kid. He plays like a madman."
Hands off my wife!
Shut up. Now that we've completely lost our tactical edge...
I will manifest the shit out of that legitimate facility.
Eric Chow! You're a liar!
"I got sick, and now I'm something less than human. Something worthy of extermination."
He didn't want the girls to see his eyebrows burnt off.
Kill him? How do you kill someone who's already dead?
"if he's asleep, zap him."
You're just gonna make yourself miserable.
He's an alcoholic whose famous for rauchy party before he met God.
"Peter, who the hell is this guy?"
Poor devil.”
"Maybe because you smashed his window, stole his weed and shat in his boot?"
Think I would do this shit out front?
I don't want her to be retarded.
"It is a fiendish, black omen."
"ln the proletarian areas, they will attack a baby... and within five minutes, strip it to the bone."
"Listen, I got some shit going on right now. I'll pay you later, O.K.?"
let alone the miserable half.
"You don't let me borrow your phone but, you expect me to give your ass a ride?"
"Besides, after three useless husbands, one learns the signs."
Why the hell do you live like this?
Your husband and the boy will die.
"Mikael was braver, or more foolhardy!"
I'm never gonna have sex again.
"Yeah, but those Japs are sneaky bastards, sir."
That's really gross.
Am I some crazy woman?
My ass! He was trying to prove himself to the guy who slept with his wife.
You're gonna drink yourself to death?
"Smile, honey. Crap!"
¡®Do you want to go to bed with me? ¡¯ ... dance is finish kill them now
Now... is it true that despite... or maybe because you're a big fucking hard hero... you didn't tell anyone where you were going?
"Roger, where you at, man? Quit fucking around."
Get your hands off my fucking head! -
I have... fart cancer.
You'il be treated by your wives and children as heroes for the rest of your lives... ...and enjoy a peaceful death.
"If you don't give a shit, why did you join?"
"How fucking old are you, Drama? 31."
Got the rest from the fat man and Bacon?
"When you finish this gaff, mate, you want to be near the front fucking door."
I want you out of my life.
"We got millions...and you're breaking my balls about 10,000?"
"""Your man beat my man's balls off, Mr Hearst."""
"Hey! Put me down, you moron!"
We're not fucking stealing it. We're borrowing it.
"When I say things, people listen, and I'm gonna run his ass out of the game."
And we both know that this shit ain't about business with this ho.
"You fired me, you dangled me off a balcony, and then you replaced me with my daughter's stupid fucking boyfriend."
Maybe they're just fucking with us?
"Well, we’ll get him all the same, and then we’ll hang him head downwards for a day or two.”"
"Harry, who was feeling distinctly hot in the face, said, ""Whatever you've heard about my greatness is a load of rubbish."
You're not gonna fuckin' die.
"We must ingather or drop dead in six days."""
"For you have slain something so pure... ...that the moment the blood touches your lips, you will have a half-life. A cursed life."
Kevin! What the hell are you doing here?
"Another task Venn, or Vorpatril, or both together should have done already, dammit."
Can't wait to see the look on Fresno's face when Johnny whips his ass!
"""Horseshit,"" Baker observed."
You think I'd live in a fucking tax haven... making other cunts rich and not put something aside for myself?
I'm doing more than what anyone fucking expects!
You ain't got no fucking choice.
He said he was gonna watch my shit.
"I imagine he's dead, Like all the rest."
"You had torpedoed your very last relationship, outside of your family, maybe, with someone you gave a fuck about, and you saw that barely open window to your soul creaking shut."
"""so you'd have more holes"" ""to make love to me."""
Fucking she'll cut! She'll cut!
"""Well that’s just fucking great,"" Doug mutters."
"Uh, nothing, just that. Laguerta might have another theory that could royally fuck us."
I'm sure a sterile old fuck like yourself... ...is still capable of something completely inmemorable.
"Well, let's see if I can wrap my fat hands around a hammer."
If you can shoot a chimp out of a cannon... you can shoot a ship out of a volcano.
And do you come to me to back your move... against your San Francisco cocksucker rival?
The paint fumes are turning your brain into oatmeal.
The only thing that could kill Barnes... is Barnes.
"Come on, everybody defecates."
"""You are undoubtably the most antagonistic bastard I've ever had to work with!"" he bellowed, like a belly-stung buffalo."
"I know it was you, asshole!"
"Now, Bill, how about this here Negro officer?"
He's just repeating shit he overheard.
"That might be what you're responding to is kind of the tempo and shit, but it's more like: ♪ Be with someone Who's changing your life ♪ ♪And of course Your son's too♪"
They're heroin smugglers!
Damn. It's a good color on him.
"No, go away, I despise you!"
You go get insurance on a freaking spaceship.
"When trouble comes, it'il be from hoodlums who know their business."
"What are you, a bully? Why did you beat her up?"
"That, gentlemen... ...is a first-rate piece of ass."
"Yeah, just like a goddamn movie star."
"""I checked your credentials, dammit."
Muay! Take these drugs to sell in Yai Lao's den.
Everyone's gonna die.
"Yes, damn it, now we say the first word that comes to us when we think about mom."
"We have to use the indefinite article, a dildo, never... ... your dildo."
Any day he doesn't snap and kill us all is a victory.
"One day I'm gonna sell all of them, and just fuckin' live off of it."
"I'm a mother with one child ordered to marry a girl he hates... ...another banished abroadin disgrace... ...and a third,whoring in public with an adulterer."
Get the fuck out of here.
What the devil are you doing in here all evening?
Jean’s here with you because she’s a buffer.. between you and the shrill insanity of your mother.
"Yesterday the lead singer's girlfriend comes by withthese sprinkles cupcakes, and one of those little screamo fags in there pulls out this little knife, cuts one in half, shares it with the other Johnny cupcake."
I never want my arm inside your pantyhose again.
I believe you're either scared... ...or you're getting too goddamn close to this surfing guru buddy of yours.
Two old farts laughing at each other as our bodies fell apart.
He's got a direct line to God. And for a measly 25 bucks a call he's gonna let the world's losers listen in.
You're always making me do stupid stuff like last night.
"But I'd dump you,... ...and I'd never go backto you, not even if you begged me. That was my revenge."
"If you want to have sex with Van Halen, do it on your own time, Ted."
"What are you laughing at, you little minx?!"
Burn!
But she's definitely the blue-haired puppet master.
"You're gonna kill 'em, Coach."
"BRL, but then there's the RBL, and the frigging HB..."
At least five people told Ruggles that he gave the girl a bastard before the war.
"Hit him, Dad."
Dr. Sports Fan can put it in Lucite and hang it around his neck.
"All right, well, tell us, then... how the hell are we supposed to do our jobs... when somebody is killing the dick out of everybody on the island?"
"You think I don't hate living in this crappy apartment, trying to make it great for the kids?"
"You got a filthy mind, lady."
Shut up! I don't want to talk about it!
I'll marry his ass quick and give him a shitload of babies.
"You're haunting this house with your whiteness, Brian."
"Come on, start asking God's forgiveness for your fuckups, cause this is going to be your last rites."
"What the fuck do you think I want with you, huh?"
She's just a pigheaded ltalian witch... with piss and vinegar running through her veins.
"Mr. Smarty, Ready to ride that big brain?"
They expect me to cut my finger off.
Come on! Shut down!
"And I tell you, Mr. Dickinson, that to hold out an olive branch to britain is a measure of gross imbecility."
The poor wretch got caught in a snowstorm and crawled to her tragic death.
Back in the fucking corner!
"Pakistanis, Malays, I want their tanks and APCs."
WALDEN: What the fuck just happened?
"Joe was like blood to me, dog."
"Would you just give me my fuckin' eggplant, please?"
Goddamn.
I've been writing insurance policies for 30 goddamn years... and now I gotta see my own son...
"Fuck, no! But delaying the Basilisk is all we can manage."
"Hey. So, too sick to wash the dishes But not too sick to have intercourse?"
They look at me like I'm a monster
Do I look like some lame-ass comic fanboy to you?
"And remember, if we find you back in the kingdom, you will be executed."
That woman really has her shit together.
"Hurry the fuck up, people!"
I'll help you. Get that snake out of here before Lucero shits in the courtyard.
I love that I can tell you this shit.
I thought my family was fucking screwed up.
"And I say, ""I have no fucking clue"""
Must be hard to process sarcasm with that shitty chrome dome.
Damn it -- I can't do idioms.
"Screw you, too, banker."
"At least I don't come back from the bathroom, fuckin' talkin' about,"
"I hate everything about the bloody place, but the colonel's saner than you are by a long way."
"Elaine, do you remember your dream... ...where you had a sexual encounter with a Chinese woman?"
"Rope him and hogtie him, Henry."
"Oh Dick, Dick, my dear old friend, if I could only see you now!"""
That shit's too good to be on the street.
"""What you reckon he'll want for breakfast, some fuck­ing thing from the zoo?"
Those damned river ducks carry diseases.
"Jesus Christ, Quinn, could you at least give me a head's up when you're doing shit like this?"
Get down and not move for 5 minutes or you die!
Army should've killed the heathens when they had a chance.
He's the greatest freak in the world!
Jay? Frank. You were the best darn partner a Remoolian could ever have.
You woke me up at 4:00 a.m. to bitch about my mom?
"Besides which, if I get this... maybe I'll buy you your own damn ski resort."
Murf! Crap!
"I mean, what if you get big boobs or big hips?"
"Yeah, if I get shot again, I'll bleed out a lot quicker."
"Kind of silly, ain't it?"
You've proven yourself capable of shooting a man an act all the women of Harlan applauded.
That's fucking great!
Do you think I'm fucking lying?
(That miserable Dennis!
Yeah. Seems silly.
Rule one in this business is you go where the talent is... and all the fucking talent that was in this band just left.
"Basically, Olivia Newton-John is strapped to my chest, and unless you codirect with me, I'm gonna blow her up."
"Well, it was also designed to conceal fucking poison that we're gonna smuggle into a foreign country."
Or do you want to end up as a corpse?
"How do you get there, murdering your own child?"
"And like, you give a fuck about the Gypsies?"
“Bullshit!
"Like, I'm a thrower, and if I hit him with one of the balls, he's going into the pit."
"Damn it, I'm an American!"
"Here was Cinderella, trying to be a good sport, waving goodbye to her asshole sisters as they went off to the ball dressed like starlets at a disco.'"
Damn it!
You mean like the frog that got fucked by Joseph Smith?
"It looks like those achievements just weren't that impressive, especially my sixth form girls' football team, who have been particularly rubbish this year."
"Yeah, but what the hell."
"The believer goes in the paradise. Unbeliever, they will go to hell."
Probably the rest of our damn lives. CYRIL:
Light this cannon up so I can shoot off.
I'll wipe it off you.
This bad-guy shit's not as much fun as I thought it'd be.
You're shit. A bit of both.
"I'd say this thing is highly poisonous, aggressive, fast, smart."
"Ten years since the time the Brotherhood of the Dark Path"" — he gestured spitting — ""curse their murderous souls, stirred up that trouble with the goblins."
He didn’t know why he was here or whether what he had found meant a damned thing.
"In any event, I don't need to tell you what kind of shit storm I've been dealing with since Copenhagen."
Why didn't you have sex with him?
Do you believe this fucking guy?
"Shut up, Nick. You'll hurt Coco Chanel's feelings."
I don't want to see those who fuck me... ...don't look at them.
The difference is thousands of bastard soldiers.
"I'm a lady-killer, Mr. Hat."
Can't you just release me on a promise to appear or some crap?
There's a bullet out there with my name on it.
The poor without Christ are of all men the most miserable.
I want to saythat I'm really shocked that you'd rather write about a goddamn home run than this hospital.
Quit or I'll punch you.
Like everything in this jungle. All killers.
"If you're asleep, you're not getting any sex for a month"
The only stench is coming from you.
Evelyn calls it his disgusting little hobby.
This is ridiculous.
"He jammed it down the beast's throat, and then commenced to cut the clumsy head off."
"I'm telling you the truth. He goes over to Vietnam, and he gets killed by a flying fucking tree."
"Well, I don't want to find out you're wrong by getting another phone call from you in a bloody bathtub."
"Hey, come on, you go green face, put on Kevlar-- you're the Wicked Witch of the Vest."
"I was a dancer when I was a kid and I loved it and then this shit thing happened to me and everything changed... until I met you and you inspired me, so I learnt to dance again."
When are we gonna move so we don't have to wake up at that shit?
Only mentally ill.
Globalization and all that crap.
"""So do you, don't shit me, Garraty."
And I can't believe you're still doing this vegetarian crap.
It's a hollow-point bullet. Dum-dum.
"Hey, don't fuck with that."
I'd sooner die quick with a bullet than like this.
You can have this dick.
"Are you one of those atheist, nihilistic, good-for-nothing,"
Men are very insecure.
"Now everyone's said hello, when are you coming back cos the place is turning into a shit hole?"
"And Death, sir."
"Guys, can we leave this shithole?"
I guess it'd be kind of weird for me to call Willy wanker now.
"I took you for a serious journalist, and here you are with all this Area 51 crap."
Not this fucking time.
I don't know if you're just fucking around.
Maybe you ought to get the harpoon out of your chest first.
"I mean, he completely just... he just fucked the side of it right up."
"MAX: Hope you enjoy the show, Philo youfuck."
It's a mole troll.
He'll be dead by morning.
"He was horrible, sir."
"Now, don't worry about his head. Hit him in the chest, shoulders, arm, anywhere."
What a crazy nut!
Still come out this... goofball romantic.
"Turn my fucking head off, man."
We both smell of corpses.
I have a lot of slutty friends here you might like.
"What are you talking shit for, man?"
So it's my bloody fault he can't read?
"Deal's off, pig!"
It's the dumbest game ever.
Throw it!
You only lack what your sex as a whole lacks.
"You're under arrest, Sean gall. - Fuck you!"
I have never met a man who wasn't into his balls.
"If I can see youkiss your wife's leg every night, so can the blokes at the ends of rows three and four!"
"I thought, Fuck it."
You wanna fuck me?
"But in the cold morning Stupid was back, as Sos had known he would be."
Dude! - Don't walk away from me. - You're a freak.
"It's ""garbage""."
"All right, I want you jerking off in there in one minute."
"Damn it, you said you wanted work!"
Abort and destroy.
"My stepmother in't want any rivals for her precious aughter, so she trie to kill me with poison."
"""Thanks, ass hole,"" Case said."
It's so hard to find cute virgin boys.
"No way but this. Killing myself, to die upon a kiss."
Who could've guessed that a two-bit chump like moon... would have better dope than anybody in I.a.?
I'm from a poor-ass neighborhood in Detroit.
"His killer beat him senseless, and the remnants are still there."
Damn it!
It's a lot better than being some Stepford bitch in paradise.
"If it's hope you're looking for, ese, you're on the wrong damn island..."
You're rebecca freakin' logan.
"Sweetheart, my ass!"
But in his eyes you are a failure... ...and a disgrace to the Fire Nation.
"I'm Myself, I'm looking for someone to have sex with anyone."""
Shoot-out with a robot gun?
Out of this freaking hospital.
I'm not staying here in a place where they chuck balls in your face.
What kind of loser pretends he’s in college?
"A nosy, incompetent old Jew has bumbled onto one victim."
You better friggin' hope so.
We'll give you five seconds to fuck off.
Your father sent this fool.
"""I wonder if you are a dirty old man, too."
You want this? Let's scalp her!
A real man has to stand tall against a miserable hombre.
Naughty pussy!
Was it before or after you took me topside to have sex?
It's a hard fucking job to dance both.
I want that damn thing out of here. You hear me?
The first one at the party was gay electric light.
"How dare you touch her, you insect?"
"The day after the St. Mary's outbreak... ...Percy gives his Beretta a blowjob, Keyes dies in a fire--"
. . .too brute for singing.
Do you think we're fucking around here?
"Yeah, that's because you're annoying."
"'Don't be a fool,' he said."
"Tell me frankly: when a young man is capable of conceiving, judging, and acting, is he not perhaps more skillful in managing a family than some sexagenarian dullard, with snow on his head that has frozen his imagination?"
How about I shove this flashlight in your mouth.
It'd be stupid not to take more help.
They drew their guns and shot her to death.
Burn like a living tallow candle.
Bite her!
"Well, you look purple and bloated."
"I burn, but not for you."
Suppose you get the medal! I'd be happy to go home with leaving you dead?
A useless life is an early death.
I gave up my life so you could drag that worthless carcass around and call it living.
Our men will die armed and our women and children will be slaves or worse.
"Oh, and that having sex for money, that part as well?"
Girls that are a little too white for me.
The Madam is sick.
"Yes, killing a lot of people."
"""He kill them with they love"", John said."
Alternate: Indulis PURVINS
Damn! Send out all the tanks!
"Don't you fuckin' realize... that if Bonnie comes home and finds a dead body in her house, I'm gonna get divorced?"
She's up in my mom's bathroom using the armpit perfume.
"We're gonna play ""Guess Sophie's Favorite Sex Position"" (all) Whoo!"
You little brats! I thought we were friends.
Starfish are notorious suck-ups.
We were equally ignorant of your group until we saw your fire yesterday.
No bullshit. If we ain't out in ten minutes... we won't need no rocket to fly through space.
"Damn, Castle, look at you thinking like a real cop."
The exterminator is coming because of our rat.
They daren’t kill the paidhi.
This place makes me sick.
"Fuck. - Go, go, go!"
The only way you'll ever fulfill yourself is to die in action.
"Call me old-fashioned, but fuck it, you know what I'm saying?"
The point is... ...there's a lot of women you haven't had sex with yet.
My King Crab Masala is going to make the judges crap their pants.
We screwed up.
"He's a big bastard, and if he's armed he'll be a handful.'"
"Shhh! R Since we're not here, I don't remember what the fuck you didn't say."
"I don't even know why I fucking ask you, Dexter."
"When the bistros started shutting down, I gave up, went back to my tent, cursed myself for eight kinds of fool-- (why couldn't I have said, ""What's your name and where do you live and where are you staying here?"")--sacked in and went to sleep."
Somebody got to have the guts to cancel some of them damn wrong orders.
"Yeah, well, I burned them all."
"Where are my witnesses, damn it?!"
"""Friend!"" croaked the robot pathetically."
"You think I'm a fool? From now on, you'll work with me. Your younger brother will keep an eye on you."
She almost killed that boy.
"""Those godforsaken drunks?"""
She's a tough old pig built in '47 out of scrap submarine iron.
I'd rather you cut off your right hand.
You guys should never have been born
"Crap, that's Flame of Heaven!"
"Yeah, and you live in America. And we saved your ass 60 years ago."
"She's brought half our apartment in here, Mike, so don't play dumb with me."
"What, nonsense!"
Would you put down them funyuns And help me pull this bitch?
"Nobody knows a damn thing, so there's no point in spreading any rumors."
So...your flying saucer...pig's foot!
"""Who volunteers to cut out his brain?"""
"I mean, you're like all the other spoiled jerks... I've ever known in my whole life!"
But killing a man for stealing your money is not going to serve either one.
He was naked except for a rag twisted around his hips and loins.
Do you think we should sue that little brute that hit the ball?
Is it magic fucking whiskey?
I'm gonna pluck your feathers...
Put that heavy bag with eyeballs in the ring with me and you'll see pain!
"Yo, if you're not into sharing, man, just tell us to piss off, it's cool."
"Well, if I knew, I wouldn't need that stupid thing, would i?"
You better be good to that girl. You cocksucker.
"Bangs, giant tits, glasses?"
Opie get picked up on that Hefner shit?
I reckon salsa's for pussies.
I'm gonna bring him in to federal court. I don't want any third-rate rent-a-thug who couldn't cut it as a Chicago cop... bringing him to L.A. on some bullshit local charge.
My wife is a savage woman
"Come on, seduce me."
How many for the kill?
"You're an addict and a punk. When you get in trouble, you're gonna need help."
They didn't want to admit that their son was having a relationship with the trashy foster girl.
"Oh, shit. Did you dig it?"
"That there's an ugly-ass tree, Mr. Black."
Those guys were so deep undercover that they... They lost their fucking minds!
"Fuck, that's five ""Bobby"" s in two weeks."
That's one expensive blowjob.
I banish you and your children
"No, you just want someone to hang."
None of your damn business.
I introduced her to that silly man.
"And, Igor, if you haven't been thtraight with us, sorry, straight with us, I'll have your guts for garters.'"
"And then you take their skin, and you get rid of the rest of them, like garbage."
"""And stop the damned howlin'!"" the battlerager demanded."
"Deb-- You're gonna take your fucking son, move to another country with a wanted fugitive?"
Don't you fucking understand that?
I fucking caught her.
What happened when you got back? - Not a damn thing.
"Art sure is ugly, man."
Why'd you got to go and kill that cop?
"I'm going, where the fuck were you when I was drinking?"
How do I know you're not full of shit?
Shit. Are you serious?
"Granny hesitated for a second, and then hit it very hard on the head with a cast-iron frying pan."
"in the name of the Soviet Union, not a step backwards, or we shoot."
"All these fat-cat diplomats travel all over the world, eatin' on someone else's dime while they talk about feeding the poor."
That's why I picked you. I know that you're in all sorts of shit from David Vasquez over that Tommy Bucks shooting in Miami.
But first we're gonna deal with those nocturnal pot-smoking. drum-banging. Punk-ass teenagers.
Have you ever thought about having sex with someone other than your husband?
Awakened us from our ancient slumber? You will die!
"Damn it. It's gonna happen, guys."
"Kidney, maybe, or her liver."
I think we're gonna talk about it right fucking now.
I don't think he's fucking breathing.
Failure will mean death to both of you.
Or gay or hetero or strong or...
"But then a few days later, I found myself unable to stop obsessing about that same prostitute."
You're under the mistletoe. You must let me kiss you.
"Hit you in the head, man, you got serious problems."
"Oh, read the damn book, Chris."
Now you wash my body.
To hell with you! I'm not. . . I'm not from Mars.
I won't call that silly cow.
"So, understand... if he told me to do something, - I did it. - So he made you a dirty cop."
This ain't no damn negotiation. We got a contract.
Feed. Suck her dry!
I don't give a fuck what people do as long as they keep it to themselves.
"Elliott, what the hell are you wearing?"
Where the fuck is the key?
"After eight or ten very hard licks, Percy started yelping."
I knew what the prison. / / Damn!
Will you weep for a traitor?'
"Admit it, you little slimeball, or you'll never see your money."
What brings a scamp like you to my humble house?
Damn it.
Holy crap!
"Knitting, damn it."
Idiot. Only a fresh-faced novice would come up with a conclusion like that.
"So you thought, let me just hang around and film myself shooting at cops?"
You lost your virginity when you were twelve?!
"No, no, not exactly. But she did have a penis. Hermaphrodites cannot bear children, so Mrs. Cartman's DNA match with Eric... ...means that she is his father... ...and she got a woman pregnant at the Drunken Barn Dance."
"If I can stick my head out through the damned roof, what's to keep me from sliding right down through the floor and falling all the way to the ground?"
So who the hell was that back there?
Poor bastard's been in the morgue for weeks.
"(LAUGHS) Get off the phone! What the fuck, Jordan?"
"Yeah. I mean, Harry... - there's shit in our meat."
"I got on $800 shoes, and you can't even see the motherfuckers."
"Greta Johannsen, your animal wrangler."
"If you want a man to take your crap, you have to marry him first."
I told your mother I'd spank you but I couldn't bring myself to do it.
I landed in England in my vest because Amin's pigs stole my shirt and jacket on the way to the airport.
But you're not the only one who reeks of cow placenta.
He'd be my bitch in prison.
Filicide is sons.
"So, what, we're gonna let this cop killer just walk?"
So you just stand around in a room and you jerk each other off?
Freddie was on his father’s shit list and Freddie naturally blamed the Consigliere for not straightening things out.
"You know, if you didn't have this kevlar vest, your insides are gonna be like fuckin' mush."
Is that blood? Shit!
One more word out of you and you're dead.
If we fight with the foreigners... it will mean committing suicide?
It's a fucking sin.
You wanna leave here in a body bag too ?
"Fucking love free shit, man."
Me shooting you was an act of God?
But wear a damn rubber.
"Um... When I asked the King why he was marrying me to such a fool, he said that you had a great gift for healing."
"If you can tell me the Russian for ""apply your own bloody suntan lotion."""
"You payfor these trucks, so I have to indulge some fucking white girl's idea of heroism, right?"
No more black?
Maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck.
This place is a slaughterhouse for spies.
I can't count on you for shit.
Defeat him.
"Autoerotic asphyxiation... the billionaire, not the monkey."
Hands behind your neck.
Casual sex.
I thought you fucking searched them.
"I've done a great job with Soph, all by myself, and I won't be muscled out by an ejaculation!"
Should we shoot them? An old friend who used to inform on you to the FBl...
¡Rebenga! From a friend you fucked!
This is a desperate fucking move.
Might sober his ass up.
No! We're not in the wrong fucking house
"Look, I don't mean to be the little bitch, but this ain't, this ain't safe."
"The plan for foa foa is to shoot them down,"
"If they die, Satan and Saddam Hussein are gonna come take over the world!"
I went once and it was rubbish.
"""Be damned if I'll put up with this much longer."""
"Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you, pervert?"
"OK, I swear I'm not an idiot."
I look like hell.
"Sorry, love, we've plenty of whores."
"I'm 22 years old, newly married, and already a money-crazed little shit."
"You crazy?. Mitch Preston, please!"
"I don't know what he does there, but in two shakes the suitcase is open... ...and he's pulled out the biggest handcannon I've ever fucking seen."
He'il die without leaving an heir.
All your units come with a clown?
"'Why, you wicked man, a cloister implies a monk, and a monk Roman Catholicism.'"
"""Two hundred bullocks!"" said the wretched Hernandez."
What the hell are you looking at?
Send Deaf Smith and his men to burn it.
We need to be extremely fucking vigilant here.
"Okay, uh.... I'm going to have to inject you first."
My week sucks.
Gossamer's a herbivore.
There's a lot of pervs in this town.
"They would have been glad, yes, glad for you to be dead, for they thought they could then blame it all on the Government."
My junk is like O positive blood... it's universally compatible.
Where that nigga live?.
"Look that shit again, Madeira!"
Where's the damn race?
Bite me.
The band was putrid.
(SIGHS) You can sleep with her.
"The throat to the groin,"
They are thieves from the other side of the park
Guards!
Do you mind telling us what the hell is going on? Who are you?
I mean you're not supposed to have to fucking read... when you watch a movie.
Fuckup: First Universal Cybernetic Kinetic Ultra-micro Programmable
Shut up. You buried her in a box.
"Well, I don't like to mention it because it only applies to the pricky-shit high brass and not the troops, but there is something that's got a bit of stink to it."""
"If you see anything move, haul ass back."
Your face and fingers are disgustingly greasy.
Don't be a crybaby.
"Stop that shit, man."
I'm gonna make out with you in front of your mom today.
He's probably got guys outside the fucking house!
"Oh, shit, where's my ring?"
"You take away the makeup, the clothes... ...the way she wears her hair, the smell of her perfume... ...that cute face she makes when she's tonguing my balls..."
"You take the wrong street, you're dead, pal."
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Today you're wasting my motherfucking time.
"I should as soon call her mother a wit!"""
Although personally I think if a man beats you and fuck half the women he sees and no one will help you axing him isn't the least understandable thing you can do
"Damn it, guys, the new STRIPE cipher is just a year old."
Now I have killed this fish who was my brother.
"Condemned to be a member of this lowest of species-- a normal, imperfect, lumpen human being."
Because she's a feral child.
"We need a heap of bloody bodies so when mob boss Wallenquist looks over his charts of profits and losses, he'il see what it cost him to mess with the girls of Old Town"
You still have some monkey phlegm in your hair.
Don't shoot her!
Shut it off.
I want real bikini for the breasts.
This fucking animal will never hurt anyone ever again!
Fuck him. End this.
"Look, you were an admitted schizo who was wanted for murder... and you were laying in bed next to me gabbin' like a 16-year-old girl on the telephone."
We need to meet who made you this piece of filth.
"To the rear, our own goddamn artillery."
"Nobody cared if he lived or died, and the feeling was fucking mutual."
We hate her.
"Keep breathing, goddamn it!"
He had a right to know how his countryman died... in the arms of a slut.
Every one of them would die for me.
Trash not supported
Go sell your face cream.
You are now a real desperado to move.
You better not lose my monev to this white boy.
"Some dodgy old man... no offence... wants to have a group hug and I'm supposed to be, like..."
"Come on, you damn toaster lover!"
"""I'm sure your captain was delighted to see your thieving backside."
We should've not signed with these fools.
"Kevin's stopped us cold, and he's been sucking power at a faster and faster rate."
"If we had, the patient would have been anesthetized hours ago, thus unable to go all Chris Brown on her ass."
"Marty-pants... he is my son, too. ah, you just figure that shit out after eight, nine years?"
"I told my fiance his ass is gone... if I can ever take you away,"
Maybe if I was licking it off you.
"He was damned for that, but not in Hell."
Mm hmm. Very difficult to hit anything vital when you stab in the back.
HYDRAULIC AUTOMATS
"He was the black sheep, the permanent pariah."
How the fuck did this happen?
Why the hell you here?
"I don't wanna blow the arse out of this country, but I don't want anyone blowing a raspberry either."
'One village in particular looked very gay.
Its this wretched chalk!
"Come on, are you a man or an amoeba?"
It wouldn't have happened if she hadn't called me a loser.
She aren't never going to hear it from your fucking lips anyhow!
Jerusalem must be made Christian once more.
Give me my-- Where are my goddamn cigars?
"Holding the rat beneath its front haunches, Mephisto deftly threaded the skewer from anus to head, then set it over the fire to roast."
...and there was a loser.
I'll have it taken down immediately... ...and make sure that lunatic never works in this town again.
"""You are utterly ignorant of the first principles of photography,"" Hansen said witheringly."
"Shit, it was more like 20."
I want them gone.
What the hell you doing?
"Willie, I agree with you in principle... but this gets out, we're in a bigtime shitstorm."
This isn't fucking funny.
Not kill me.
"Goddamn teak,"
That little Ewok in fucking capri pants?
"They'll get so bored, they'll have to kill me themselves, just for something to do."""
"Sex really agrees with your creative side. Are you alright, sweetie?"
"Happy, frigging new year."
"Not when you die, sooner!"
"Lloyd, what the hell is wrong with him?"
I'd be having a fuckin' heart attack.
"O, I know he's a good fellow--you needn't frown--an excellent fellow, and I always mean to see more of him; but a hide-bound pedant for all that; an ignorant, blatant pedant."
He's a jerk. That's true too.
Kill any on our side?
So do us both a favor-- keep your mouth shut.
Proving to this bastard I ain't gay. - What?
What the hell is that guy doing?
"You don’t know who the real target was yet, and until you learn that, you don’t know jack shit."
I told you he was a retard.
Go get more bullets.
"You burnt the damn thing! No, it's medium well, just like you like it."
"'Since I walked away from the Malazan Empire, and severed once and for all the dubious privileges of my noble blood, damn, I've never felt so alive."
"She shows not one or two hours late, but 5 fucking hours and $3,000 late!"
I just hate that he’s sick.
"But how can you be a cuckold, you don't even have a wife?!"
"Her only son had been seduced by a baggy old whore named Christine, and old buddy Dennis must have been an accomplice."
"So something which is trash,"
Now you will be the cause of death.
Look like I was gonna fucking hurt You?
"When I light this towel on fire, your feet will burn, but the dampness in your shins will keep the blood moving in your legs."
Pushes the crotch to one side at the same time as he undoes his trousers.
Holy shit! You look insane.
"She turned out to be a disgrace to Argentina, no sense of rhythm."
Because before this rioting and shit... you didn't have no Head Start programs for kids.
"Maybe he kept us alive, so they could follow us. They find out where we are, and they kill us all!"
He wants a love slave. One that he can kick around.
Just a hysterical old hag.
"Jesus, this is so screwed up!"
"I just found out that my best mate's been having sex with, probably the only girl I've ever really loved."
"I shouldn't take a chance with you, you treacherous hyena."
"Kras is working in the shithole... ...I find that pretty, this mountain of shit... ... it's the nausea of cities, the vomit of mankind... ... the source of the Styx..."
"We kicked its puny, little ass out of the solar system."
Watch your ass then.
I heard you were going with that bitch's daughter.
"The moment you brought that white woman into my house, I knew then I couldn't trust you."
Or put him through a window.
God damn!
"And so Irealized I that it wasn't no alien, it was that goddam Loch Ness monster again trying to trick me into giving him treefiddy by dressing up like an alien."
Why don't you get rid of all those whores around here?
What the hell does he want with Kira?
"Hell, look at you."
You are bad for my life.
Do you honestly think that your customers would be happy to pay for frozen shit being defrosted rapidly?
"Instead of two fat guys fishing, it was two naked babes."
She's coughing up white sputum.
Lf he should die before Excuse me.
There's hankiesin the top drawer you can use to gag me.
"Oh, shut it."
Where's the damn camera?
What a fucking nightmare.
"You're out of fucking control, man."
"So I told him, ""Keep your fucking hands off me, or I'll cut them off."""
"There's only three more people for Koquillion to kill, that's all."
"We've been north, south, east, west of those damn stables."
Chicken salad and college pussy.
"A mind fuck, and it was terrible."
I offer these... and I hope you'll wear them a good long fucking time in this fucking camp... whosever fucking thumb we're under.
"What the world don't give me, I fucking take!"
Get your ass out of here!
"Fortunately, most of the outright lunatics, like the Zeroists, who had supported Charles Froidan's demands that all money be abolished, had been too incompetent to plan a bottle party, much less stage a coup."
You are not a slut.
"50 bucks says I'll kick your ass, salsa boy."
My client... ...the Honorable Henry T. Fleming... ...should go right to fucking jail!
The fact is that we are all stuck inside this blasted train.
"Fucking Oscar, too."
"Are you terrifying, Love?"""
The fucking car won't start.
Women basically don't like me.
All these bitches don't deserve to be here.
"Brooding, he sucked his bleeding finger."
I don't care twopence what school he was at nor on what unscientific foolery he is at present wasting money that ought to go to research.
"If I had my way I'd fry them all,"" Peter Marlowe whispered back."
Because nobody like a pity-party-having-ass woman.
He's killed more homeless.
It's bullshit!
Do not touch the hell !
"Woman monkeys are fooling around, too."
I can't believe I fell for his crap again.
There's that fag talk we talked about.
The girl can wear a damn tiara as far as I'm concerned.
"Lisa, get your ass back in the cabin."
"""I'm afraid your wife has an aneurysm in her brain stem,"" one said."
I'm a liar...
"This woman lived for DeathWatch. If she's gonna die anyway, why not die for it?"
He's taken a lawn dart in the neck.
"No, I didn't fucking lead him on."
Get the fuck back! Do you really wanna kick heroin in County?
"The truth is that you're the weak,., .,and I am the tyranny of evil men,"
I ejaculated in my pants.
"That's the motherfucking contingency plan, partner."
"What do you say we take off... and leave this clown behind, huh?"
I hear he has a really big cock.
Because we're co-defending or because you're stupid enough to get in too close to a rent boy?
This is your shot. For life.
I smell the vapors of hell on you.
Let me go! - Shut up.
"Even when I've expected far too much from him, he's been able to see through my... idiot ways and he's helped me to find the man that I'm supposed to be."
Like a gay Robin Hood.
"You've stuck like a leech for three days now, gimme your pulse,"
And that's what he does for them with scrapes and hooks... ...he cleans hell from their heads.
Who's this asshole?
Everyone bores you.
Only instead of 50 keys of junk it's gonna be me...
Just keep that damn whistle away from me.
"Just shoot till you miss, son."
"Everywhere we went, everything we did, was another opportunity to have sex."
"But as long as you have that Kip Drordy loser as a friend, people view your friendship as a liability."
Ball. Fuck.
You bleed people 3 times.
What the fuck is that noise?
Kiss my ass.
That's so sweet. - What the hell?!
Girls only like the really fucked-up guy for the first few months.
I'll save the hostages and kill the pirates
"Don't you ever let me catch you with these fool things on company property again, you understand me?"
You also knew he broke up with his girlfriend... ...so you can suck it.
General Mattis shitcanned Colonel Dowdy.
How dare you come in here and threaten me with your bare neck and your French sevens?
It's eight in the goddamn morning.
To masturbate...
I've seen anorexic girls have more meat on their bones than this girl has.
And fucking forget Said for once. Worry about yourself a little.
I-I got the dumb genes!
Look at and choke me!
The offer is a million dollars... ...or you kill me.
"""You've told me more personal shit in the last half hour in the entire five years I've known you."
Apologies to the women... ...who are raped in the wars!
Tell him to get his ass over here!
"You, senile Romanian accountant."
Why the hell did you tell Self that we could get a cardholder by today?
too brute for singing.
"The frame tottered and then fell over, spraying glass, spraying little china figurines of cats and shepherds and all that happy bourgeois horseshit."
Keep shut up with the victimization.
I just... I just feel so used. Shut up.
That must have made Gerry Crotty feel like a shingle of shite.
Are you trying to make me crazy.
"And by the way, it's been a fucking pleasure. But just so my conscience is clear, let me let you know... ...why you're not coming with us, okay?"
Either you come down... ...or we're gonna cut you down.
"I'll drop dead, and you can dance on my grave."
You can wait until you go to the Prison and fucked in the ass word.
"I'll look into this, so just fucking relax."
"Just come get me, whoever the fuck you are."""
Destroy them.
"No, I had no fucking chance."
"""To hell."
"They departed the security lounge, filing down the corridor leading to the halls of the Devil's playground where the whore sister would surely be found."
"I just said, ""are you fucking kidding me?"
"I knew that if I told you guys, Fez would only hit on me."
And this schmuck is gambling?
Cut him - Come on.
Is this one of those ridiculous reality shows like Ken Burns's jazz?
"Damn, wood. That's good."
"You know, I mean, it's a week, but in terms of my life, it's more like just a second to get my shit together."
You will lose your license if you poke him with this needle.
It's so hard now a man can punch me in the belly and it don't hurt me.
"It's what I live for, fixing other people's shit for free."
Prima donna wannabe actor trying to play the big balcony scene... gets his intestines ripped out.
"So, the shotgun aimed at your head... not a concern for you?"
You've just placed the largest order for airplanes in the history of the damn planet.
"I figure for sure he'd punch me in the face, thus proving it's a natural response."
You look rubbish.
"He's going to figure out what it is, and then we're going to figure out how to kill it."
"You answer the door like that, if you don't know who the hell it is?"
Why in the hell didn't you arrest him?
"Just for the record, I'm not a huge fan of dangling helpless girls in front of psychopaths like meat."
You want I should spray some of my Jerk Off on you?
"The last thing you want is raw chicken, or otherwise you're gonna walk out with a lot of sick people here."
"Otherwise, stay there, do what you gotta do and get the fuck out."
"I hate you, you're a liar!"
It was black out there.
"“You’re shy a loop of small intestine, but you won’t have to poop into a bag for the rest of your life or anything."
Bloody hell.
"You'il be chopped up, in the freezer, in a sandwich bag... with a ""barbeque"" sign on your head."
You screwed him.
"You said ""True Blue"" was about a guy- a sensitive girl who meets a nice guy... but ""Like A Virgin"" was a metaphor for big dicks."
"I'm F.B.I., Interpol, Gestapo and the avengers Comrade, we kill the baddies."
"So, go have sex with her."
Bet your ass.
But it turns out you're an oaf.
"Turning the dial back to 2 had been difficult, and had hurt like a bastard."
You could die.
He and his followers will be met with force and sent back to their black rock!
"The prosecution announces herewith its intention to request the death penalty in this case."""
Will destroy this place.
At least I know Eric's not a degenerate.
"""What the hell did you expect, brother?"""
"Those are escorts, not hookers."
"""Knock 'em dead, Movie Star,"" she said in reply."
Sir! S... I will suck your dick if you get us there in two minutes.
Does he think I'm fucking afraid?
"Come on. Don't be mad, my little pussyfart."
So when the fuck am I gonna get out?
"So to put it plain, the McCoys say it is their pig and their notch, and Floyd says that ain't so."
And I'm sick and tired of sweeping up your dead bodies!
What are you two weirdoes up to?
"Well, in ninja code, it's written that it's the highest insult to smear one's excrement on the home of his adversary."
I don't give a fuck whose mother it is.
"I know it's a stupid question considering that none of us could possibly be ok doing what we do, but... are you ok?"
"Shit, man, I like the way you work."
"Yeah, and he'll be shooting after the windows go."
"I know enough to know that if that damn cute Darcy was looking at me the way he is looking at you now, I wouldn't ignore him."
Because Miles would kill me.
Everybody pretty much hated his guts.
Stupid maybe... ...but now I'm your father's right hand man. Careful!
This clown better hurry up.
I'll kill them all.
"""Shut him up!"" ordered Haplo furiously."
Can you chill the fuck out about dinner?
So you threaten to kill them unless they pay you off.
"Look at the boys, already so thin, so sickly."
But I didn't think you'd take so long to open the goddamn safe.
Some smart man once said that on the most exalted throne we are seated on nothing but our own arse.
"Because fucking means ""Yeah, I love you."" But a kiss..."
Where can we find the Jew pimp?
Don't talk to her like that... ...dog.
Some Indian kid I mercy fucked for U-Turn.
"If they don't fit, the computer kills them."
You're sucking all my oxygen.
"Then the fallen Valheru vanished without trace, his essence returning to that mindless monster raging against the new gods."
"Hello, you old crook."
I've never seen a gladiator fuck before...
You had sex with Matty?
You're seeing the ass again and not the tops of the legs.
That explains why the state Board of Health hauled ass to get here so fast.
It was a warm counterpoint to the cool water swirling around his legs and balls.
'She's not fucking anyone. We're just sitting watching TV.
Oh... why all this shit?
That's exactly why Atwood scares the shit out of me.
"Damn it, you can't do this to me."
"The worst they can do is undress me, paint me yellow and write... ``Achtung, Jewish waiter.``"
"Come here, you crazy lady."
"Hell, no! You do not come in here and start singing a musical on my stage!"
How does she even know who the hell we are?
"You're damned right, I do."
"Shit, you sound terrible."
I'm surprised we don't drown in shit.
Did you want to give me a heart attack?
"You bastard, what are you doing?"
I know that one of us had their own personal stylist... ...and one of us shoplifts their shit from Fashion Bug.
"Well, tell me it was good, for fuck's sake, I'll have a nervous breakdown."
You mean you'il die?
Others say dearduff the hooker was just A popular male prostitute who murdered no one And died of syphilis in 1848.
Time you killed her?
I could be brisk or grave or gay.
"Foreigners expect the squares of London to be fog-wreathed, full of hansom cabs and littered with ripped whores, don't you think?"
Just because some rapper's got a white buddy... ...doesn't mean that he's Sidney fucking Poitier.
"Ernie, you bastard! - You're still alive.!"
Next time he might bring death to us all.
Or how to hit Charlie with short bursts... ...so your goddamn barrelsdon't overheat.
I was just smoking a butt while I was waiting.
They killed their mother.
"""and I hope he'll reside with us... ""and improve our general fucking atmosphere..."
"You don't rank me and you don't have pointed ears, so just get off my neck!"
It's just a fucking pizza!!
Gullible women.
Then we just killed three more Murphy men! Right? - Right.
"Your camera is crap, man."
the fucking enemy.
Spread your fuckin' legs.
She walks straight up to me and asks me if I'm hungry... cos she's havin' a weenie roast. Shit!
"Instead of making him be something else, I needed to appreciate him for what he was: truly mind-blowing sex."
"When I arranged for the fatal overdose of the true victor at Sydney... ...I won myself my very own Ml6 agent... ...using everything at my disposal: her brains, her talent... ...even her sex."
It's a fucking milligram of sweetener!
"Uh, Dick, I don't have time for this."
"I know what you stand for, you and your murdering swine."
I'll give you double bloody mustard.
She bloody owes me.
Suckers who will have no idea what they're in for.
Bruv... what the fuck is that smell?
"He's got balls, but..."
Now I'm gonna fuck you up!
"Yeah, apparently he started some fitness program for the inmates or some shit."
You want to do this shit?
"If you can do it, you may get to see me puke."
"Oh, disgusting!"
I even promoted this boob to lead the branch so as to avoid that ever happening again.
"""I'll be damned,"" he says softly."
"Yeah, I can see how you'd be real miserable here."
Have to drink two six-packs and put a gun to my head just to go home at night.
"There was a woodstove in the kitchen and a fireplace in the living area; when both were going, the place made you feel stupid with the heat even if it was twenty below outside."
"""Would helping you allow me to kill more vampires?"""
Just fuck off!
I'm getting the fuck out of here.
You're such a little hypocrite.
Repeat. Destiny is a go. Damn.
"The water's for showering, not for playing! ... so why was she such a nag?"
You weren't trying to save anyone but your goddamn self. Admit it.
"For doing the same crap he always does, except to a judge."
"His dead wife, the leg he got shot in, his crappy pension, but then he stops when he sees the picture Marty snapped of your kid."
"Not me, idiot Ever thought it was Kimber?"
Were you this weak?
I was first on the scene when you shot that bastard who held up the supermarket.
"I have a brain, Bob, but the only reason why I got to where I am so fast is because, one, I was a complete knockout, and two, I gave the best goddamn blow jobs in the entire state."
"Damn if they weren't there, inside the gate, when me and the Grey Swords showed up - and we thought we were first.'"
You're the ones who are twisted.
These fair skinned Madrasans are even more dangerous!
"Who needs that shit, right?"
Who the hell they think they're tangling with?
"The FBl, they want to copy of your wedding video. Fucking FBl?"
In the olden days the Chinese thought a pig under a roof was home.
"Fuck out of here, man."
"Yeah, fuck you."
"On your ass, motherfucker!"
They saw her as a menace to be destroyed.
"There was a pink female pig on their sign, wearing a white apron and dancing on the grill."
"""You were always a bad liar, Gretel."""
Lil thought- I don't give one infinitesimal damn what Lil thought or thinks.
Shut up already. It wasn't my idea for you to tag along anyway.
She probably has AIDS.
I don't know if I can put my heart on the line again just to have it broken and stomped on like a nerd's face.
"So with no one to answer to for their horrid crimes, these devils ran amuck with my innocence."
Far from fools made of wax I'll get down to brass tacks
"Yeah. This is kinda stupid, but, you know, I always wondered if they look like they do in the movies."
"Say ""streets ahead"" and die."
And you are a little rusty.
I need to know he's gonna be safe... despite all the shit we think we know.
"I ain't going out there again, no fucking way."
"Harry, if you go into that cenotaph and go through with the Transference Ritual, you'll die."
You're a liar. - And I love you for it.
Bit of luck they'll kill each other and save us a lot of bother.
You get 20 years for that shit.
I don't give a fuck if it was your mama in drag.
Annie got you a freaking tablet.
"Guy's a pain in the ass, but I can't do that to him!"
"She's gone, that contract about the installments... ...now he's hanging in the tree... ...and they'll throw him to the dogs."
"Now I'm gonna wear you out, you little punk."
"You're a star, Turtle. Holy shit."
But I can back it up if you'il just shut up for a minute.
I slaughter them myself.
"I'll even watch with some pleasure while you slowly pull out his entrails with red-hot hooks."""
"If my lady left me for another guy, I'd have a gun down my throat. I'd get drunk off my ass. I'd lay on the tracks and wait for a train to finish me off."
Want to beat them all up?
You can die as easily from a mosquito in Africa... ...as you can from a spy in Burbank.
Holy shit. That is so funny.
This is good Amsterdam shit.
Damn it. We lost the f.I.S.H.
"Sex. - Oh, God."
Don't be such a wuss.
Damn! It's about time!
They cut off their tits. They do.
"You tasted the power that he sucked off of Richard, didn't you?"
No. I either leave or they die.
"Damn, Irv!"
"And we're gonna... pack up the entire place... every file, every bit of tradecraft, every lamp, every couch, every damn table... ... and ship it back to Langley."
What my socially retarded friend was trying to say... was that we'd like to maybe buy you two gals a beverage.
You fucked many!
"And I am not drinking any fucking champagne while I am here and neither is anyone else."""
You're gonna kill my husband to teach me a lesson?
Do not fear a glorious death.
"No, that shit is too easy!"
beat them out in these forests.
What the hell is your name?
'Ask Margrit the Maggot where the other three bucks went!' the boogersnot trumpets.
How in hell did you manage to get away from the crabs?
SAMCRO killed your father.
Ηe can't breathe if you hold his throat like that.
"And to be 100% honest, you've been so fucking weird about all this shit that I don't know if I wanna hang out with you 24/7 anymore."
"They always get underfoot, they eat all the candy, and, uh, you can't swear in front of the little bastards."
I'm sick of this man.
". .ass! Oh, my God."
"Alfred, for chrissakes, they're dead!"
"If you can kill me, you won't hurt me—so ran Collins's reasoning."
"Yeah, or lucky guy, if he ends up being gay."
"I've been in Efrafa, and I tell you you're making a bad mistake... ... that might very well get you all killed."
I pulled his hair out of his fucking head.
Two tiny puncture marks on her throat.
They're over there guarding his fucking room right now.
Since you are a foreigner and foreigners have a hard time in Germany Are you playing us for a sucker?
"They'll shoot you, won't they?"
"No, say one more word. One more fucking word."
"He call me ""thief,""then he break up my merchandise."
Let's call a taxi and let him bugger off to the airport.
"Or I would never again be able to face myself. My wife, or that one-armed fuckhead Dave."
A million bucks from fucking needy Little urban achievers!
I want the nigger to do like I tell him.
"My uncle was more, he was deaf and dumb, but he didn't gobble up hats."
"That was some real John Wayne shit, staff sergeant."
Wait. What the hell is so important about...
You shut up.
Then you're all screwed.
Wait till you see his gun collection. Fucking insane.
"And coincidentally, hours after touching me, Teal'c is sick."
He's just got a big stink. Look.
"Shut up, you. - Why are you so hateful, Olive?"
"But no, you had to follow the old ways and suck them dry."
Who the hell said we had a problem?
"""Hey, there's Steve, the new guy, running shit, the cockfighter."""
Do you mind if I finish off with your girlfriend?
"""Women's talk""...as if we were idiots."
He's obsessed with blackheads and fucking.
"Just one more, and then cut me off, please."
"Well, I guess American history's my bitch."
I'd take a bullet before I would turn on a friend.
"Gregor,you're as crazy as she is!"
You've got a lot of balls.
Carol may have believed your bullshit but not me.
"""Now that's what I call repugnant,"" said Pitt."
Doug Wilson or Mr. Fuck Hewson?
He must be cut out.
What the fuck are you doing?
She's kind and witty and quirky and nurturing and involved and all that crap.
"Shit, I'd think after all that action this town would drive you nuts."
"I don't want either one of you, and you really missed out, because I spent a semester in France, and I do stuff American girls think is gross."
"But somehow, fool that I am, I care for you."
"Hey, shut up!"
"You were spiteful, malicious, borderline evil, and you say that you had your emotions turned off, but those all sound like emotions to me."
She yelled in fury and struck downward with the butt of the Ruhk Staff.
We're not fucking Geordies.
Lethal injections in Florida require two executioners.
"Sure, if he wants to spend years doing her homework... ...while she drinks herself into a stuporwith nonfat White Russians."
We see the child. Do not treat us as fools.
"Listen, um... If something happens to me- shut up, Jack."
"Oh, you are a wicked boy."
"Either you're a jinx, or God hates me."
"And, you know, they'd be right because I think THEY are narrow and pompous and boring."
That lady may have killed her husband.
"And makes your constructs, feeble."
"If you get lost, fire 3 shots."
Your men are shot to shit.
"Baby, I am tied to a tree in a jungle of mystery, and I just got tortured by a damn spinal surgeon and a genuine Iraqi."
After 48 hours of I-miss-you sex--
Liar!
"Well, I hOpe yOu had a great fucking meal!"
"See, when it's out, I feellike a pussy, you know what I'm saying?"
"Now, why in hell did we give up on the Germans?"
I can't leave these clowns in my bar.
Give me that goddamn map!
"All you have to do is find him... put him in a bag, hit him with a rubber hose, bring him home."
"Where I come from, we call that ""chicken shit."""
This is a great example of what garbage is.
"And as far as saying yes to Sita is concerned,... ...you're forgetting that you and Biji... ...made my life bloody hell."
Get out there and hurt him.
"One day, her nasty neighbour Karen McCluskey would keel over and die."
Then some other punk killed those punks.
You smell like a taco.
This one was banned from music television... because you could see my junk through my jumpsuit.
"No, this sucker's electrical but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of electricity I need."
You want to play tennis tomorrow? Damn!
And don't you fucking bite me.
"""You be the bugger,"" said Peter."
"We should be tolerant of everyone, be they straight, be they gay, or the Jesus hates homos church who are having a rally at the Park today."
"He was dumb, but he held the gaze of those pale blue eyes, and it was Rhodes who broke the silence."
Some baseball bat bullshit.
You sure she's on their team? - Stupid gash.
Remind me again why I should give a damn.
"No, I would've married you, even if you weren't pregnant and the size of a beach ball."
For the biggest goddamn stork you ever seen!
"Sir, he's highly irrational."
"You were miserable in New York City, and you'll be miserable in the sticks."
"You watch Spielberg's and ""Lincoln"" movie and you actually think the civil war happen to free the slaves, so that billionaire Spielberg makes you even dumber."
"Oh, wow, you're like a friendly dog. - ... talked about sex..."
"But by the time Joe got there, the cops had already pulled over that black guy, so Joe went to that dumpster and got Stephen's bloody clothes as insurance."
"Your Honor must, according to the law, drop this entire petition where it belongs- into the garbage."
Or the Corsican's whore.
"This is serious business you're fucking with here, boy."
"Your old man, Luke... He wasn't much good for sticking around... But, dammit, he made me laugh."
"""I'm an old hag, Gully."
What the hell was that all about?
"Syd, I think I just killed Ulrich."
"Look, I know what it's like for your kids to think you're a loser."
I'm tired of beir a loser.
Don't mean a damn whether she let him or not!
Don't bullshit an old bullshitter.
"""—and because you might have a woman and the woman might have idiot children."""
"His father's definitely evil enough."""
Abused us sexually.
"But last night, of all nights, you're supposed to go down in the second, you sonofabitch!"
"Ben, I'm picking up a nasty little bitch of a squall about 30 miles out."
Get off me!
"Before he cornered you in the porta-potty, when the security guard was sucking him off..."
Your daddy was a thug.
How the hell did you do that?
"You kept your mouth shut,unless you wanted to die from the same heart attack,you know?"
She was as pale as something that had crawled out of a rotting log.
They're gonna mug your beggar friend.
"God, this thing's a bitch to get off."
How stupiddoes that guy think we are?
That's why God gave me the easier job... ...to be crucified.
He wanted to be a professional ass-wipe instead.
"I've been thinking about how you blame me for everything and how you just send a constant stream of crap my way, and... I decided I need a break."
None of this shit ever does.
"Whoa-ho! What the hell is this, Marcie?"
"They hear your accent, they fuck you."
"Family's got that ass under guard, huh?"
I'm fucking out of here.
But this was the only way I could be with Abby without cockface there.
"Wow, a half-naked drunk girl is in my bed and I'm leaving."
"Cynthia, let me tell you, you got to see a real fucking doctor."
You don't know what it's like to have to... suck up to people you can't stand just 'cause they have money.
"No Muslim will speak to him, look him in the eye or acknowledge him."
I need a beer before I start trying to pick this damn needle out of a haystack.
You wanna tell me what the hell that was all about?
She may be dead by now.
"""Work up a passion so I wouldn't have to kill you in cold blood, I reckon."""
You'll kill the school district.
I said not to fuck with me!
"Cade, wherever your butt is, get it down to Tory's store right this second."
This is false imprisonment or - some shit. Darryl:
BJ 32027. “A man or a woman... “A man or a woman who is a medium or spiritist among you must be put to death.
They'd kill him before he could get a single word out of his mouth (assuming he had reached a stage where he could do more than gurgle baby-talk).
Like one big boob. Mm-hmm.
He looks like shit.
"Oh, shit! It's a collapsible circuit."
"He mocks you, he despises you."
"That's obviously a big factor, cos if she was sober it's much different than if she was fucked up."
"But I swear to the almighty lord, we keep jerking around with every Tom, dick, and ZiyÃ³u that comes along, we will become the country people are not afraid to screw with."
Mike Biggs is gonna be a desk donkey.
I'll hit you back.
Jerk!
Burt Bacharach plays his hits... one Swedish-made penis enlarger pump...
You like being a fucking hero?
I fucking begged him.
Who the hell can do that?
"And, and, and not gay."
What the hell're you doing here?
"Ephram, you guys had sex."
"Ridiculous, man. Just say you were hitchhiking to the airport, and I picked you up."
I am such a fool. How could anyone be so blind?
Make sure they're dead.
"Oh, me too, Dr. Dan, me fuckin' too."
"Fuck you. - I don't know about you, but I sure wish I had a bullwhip for this occasion, but I found this."
"Let go, you monster!"
"He eats them with mustard and heaps of raw onions, an wi comp am most of the night to anyone who will listen that his goddamn acid indigestion is killing him."
I'm sick of 'em all!
"Out of my way, dirtbag!"
Goddamn you. I thought you had my back.
"And I'm only interested in your mother if she lost 20 pounds and 30 years, so I'd really like it if you got the fuck away from me."
Show him we nasty.
Zoey was married and trying to sabotage your career and wore a lot of stupid hats.
It's goddamn freezing on this beach.
That would kill my father.
"Speak, troll. Why have you brought attuma to this frozen hole?"
I know you think you're some big swinging-dick hero.
"Coy is okay, but Teddy is a goddamn delinquent."
"This is my throne room. I like to come here, think about how I got so mother fucking rich."
Hey. What the fuck is Seth doing here?
I've already injected it into his spinal canal.
Cute bastards
"Are you crazy? I finally meet a guy I like, that's why I'm breaking the seven-date rule on having sex tonight."
"He claims he's Santa Claus, and the D.A. Claims he's nuts."
"All right, thank you! ..infuriating, irritating, difficult..."
I will make you cry!
What bullshit?
"If they knew, I'd be a dead man."
"You guys, you really should get rid of those animals."
"We have to connect them and finish it, or she'll die!"
We gotta kidnap a fucking doctor?
Now give me the fucking code.
And he's gonna murder Liddil and Cummins if the chance ever comes.
And I'm standing next to a poor excuse for a white man.
"Ruth, what on earth are you doing here?"
Damned if I can remember.
"Rafe, grab my shit."
You ever have a chick... with a heart-shaped ass?
"They'd wanted everybody to know how they'd punished her and enjoyed her and tossed her aside like a piece of rubbish, something for a bird to pick at."
We haven't had sex in three weeks because I've been beat.
"I mean, the Pats, the Red Sox. You want to shoot the shit about hockey or something?"
"He doesn't have sense enough to know he was pinned. He's not a man, he is a monster!"
for an asinine cause like slavery.
You killed your older brother so you can spare the younger one.
"I mean, they love us when the market's firing, and every dumbshit community college dropout has a mortgage and an Escalade."
"If Snyder catches you here, you're dead!"
"Hey, idler, listen!"
"Carefree, foolish, laughing, wise Stubb."
Liar! I taught you!
"Larry dreamed first of the black man on the high place, and then of the old black woman sitting on her porch."
I don't wanna get them all shot up.
What the hell's going on?
"Abruptly, everything went black."
"Twenty thousand surveyed worlds fit for our kind when the Hegira began, and those schmucks came here."""
"What damned cheek!"""
Took my whole goddamn safe.
"Oh, I burn alive."
"No. Fuck, no."
Becoming a jack-hole like his father?
The best we can do is take him alive and break him.
Goddamn.
Actually it's today but I wrote this shit last night
What's the fucking joke?
"What, killing him wasn't enough?"
What a bitch.
And I had this... terrible thought that she would die first.
Foolish boy. You'll never guess Elon Musk's master password.
"No, seriously, I'll get my shit together and be out of your hair."
Get the fucking ludes.
The ones where they kill you.
Do you like it? is it crap?
"Go on home. Get a nice hot bath, rest up 15 minutes... ...then get your asses back in gear."
"Maybe you should worry, 'cause you're the one who shot him."
"But if they're Central American, I'm a Goddamn Chinaman."
"Damn, that is ... ?"
"""Sex outdoors."""
Get off of me!
"Quit fucking around, man!"
"He's a violent, wanted criminal."
"Okay, our first target, prostitution."
Puppies get killed.
Trust me when I tell you that having sex is not even close to being on my radar right now.
As I will be buying a house on motherfucking Maui... ...with the DVD sales alone.
Every time I get on a fucking airplane . . .
But I guess thas like asking a bear to shit in a toilet.
What the hell is going on?
But you've just signed your own death warrant.
People like you will never matter.
"How butch are ya, baby?"
No madder than you.
What the hell is a riff-off?
"They're a bunch of doddery old fools, and they were scared."
"I had a flair for languages... ...but I soon discovered that what talks best is dollars, dinars... ...drachmas, rubles, rupees, and pounds-fucking-sterling."
The object of the game is to limit the size of room for the balls.
"Denny started as a reporter and I was, um, an asshole."
You're strangling me.
Took me 25 yearsto notice my husband was gay.
"I'll will destroyself today, my friend."" "" My heart will be broken."""
I saw you with your vampire face standing over sheriff goodhill.
They might shoot.
Your mri shows There's bleeding on your brain.
I don't like that man.
It kills them.
"My father and the church members made a ""gay curing"" machine."
Then I will be nude.
"'How many times must you ask, Ugly One?' countered the Nadir, a hook-nosed, swarthy man, taller than the average tribesman."
"""None of your damned business, woman."""
You've been busy with a fuckin' three-year-old?
"One of the things she liked most about him was that he would always really try to do the right thing, the best thing, with no self-serving bullshit."
"What the fuck, man?!"
You know... the last guy you had sex with.
Do you slip her the hot beef injection? - go to hell!
"Unless, of course, you want to die."
You wanted... you wanted other people to start killing? No.
"Shit, don't be jealous."
Bloody hell!
And I loved him. And you murdered him!
Koufax's curve ball issnapping off like a fucking firecracker.
"He took a deep breath, got his shit together, and said, 'Castle City.'"
"‘But the name is Asayaga, not Ass-you.’"
"Yeah, but he put a bullet in his own head and not yours."
I need you to proxy bang this girl for me.
"The accursed barbarians are probably looking for it, too."
He was there to shoot me
All you're doing is making it obvious to all the voters out there what an absolute buffoon you are!
When are you gonna fucking grow up?
I am sorry -Dirty bastard.
You slaughtered the French.
"I mean, I told you. His mother moved to Florida with that yoga idiot, and all of his friends are married, including myself."
"Oh, you... lunkhead."
We don't think it's stupid.
What was so bad to hear that you killed the poor devils who heard it?
"""You've both been witched!"""
"Qassem, put that gun down."
Before we take care of you. - Smells like shit. There's something I gotta show you.
"Filthy peasants don't know their place anymore!"""
Shit... that's make sense.
You're not obliged to spend the rest of your life with a cripple.
We shoot dicks off here in Jump Street.
He's telling them to burn everything with blood on it.
"No, it's easy to pick apart bad acting, shortsighted directing... ...and a moronic stringing-together of words the studios term as prose."
"""All cops are ruffians"""
"""A fool,"" David said."
"They say she's hot Not you her, but she fucks you."
Why the hell are you dressed like that?
Sam's not the only guy who thought he was doing right and watched it all go to crap.
"Look, there's the old fart!"
"We were about to fuck on the carousel and I got sick, started puking."
How is that little one the limey cocksucker nearly killed?
Because an ugly woman I can get without your help.
"Oh, God. Shit."
Holy shit!
Damn it! I love carpet.
"I'm crazy about you, I can't comfort you, like your mother."
It'il look like the Japs are catching hell.
"You were going to tell all, so they killed your daughter."
- Give me the goddamn keys!
And I'm doing you a favor by telling you that Blaine is the first of a long line of conflicted men that you will date that will later turn out to be only thmost flaming of homosexuals.
They would be dead... all dead... if there was not me.
And they go nuts when someone else pours dirt in their holes.
Let's throw him in the river!
He seems to know a lot. He's just repeating shit he overheard.
"Of course, I had some rich Jew lawyer chewing my ear off the whole way."
You'll die from an o.D.
The size of a healthy fart.
"Crap you do not want to think about, so you bury it, you shove other crap over it, and you don't go there, ever."
"I realized, Michael... ... that I had emerged, not through the doors of Kenner, Bach & Ledeen... ... not through the portals of our vast and powerful law firm... ... but from the asshole of an organism... ... whose sole function is to excrete the poison... ... the ammo, the defoliant necessary for other larger... ... more powerful organisms to destroy the miracle of humanity."
She insisted that it would be a delight just to hold his body next to hers and that any actual sexual stimulation would be a marvelous bonus.
Hey... you'll cum one day.
Shit... I don't know what Ricky did to Randy.
"If we bury you, it will ruin the festival for everybody."
He was as naked and exposed as a baby lobster.
He didn't bother to remove the dress or the layers of foam-filled plastic that rounded out his slim shape into the gargantuan proportions of the fat lady.
He probably feels horrible having to look at her face all fucking day.
What fuckin' secrets I keep from you?
Repeatedly fucking your ex-girlfriend is not a mistake.
"Hey, weren't you the guy in thatstupidboy band, ""The ghetto avenue boys""?"
"Instead of you giving this motherfucker 100K, you could pay me, say, ten percent?"
Hinoki needs her legs.
Carmela was supposed to come over with some fuckin' yarn for some bootees my mother was making Meadow.
"Now, these gentlemen, presumably because their arses are higher from the ground than ours,"
"Some bullshit. I saw some wrong-ass shit up in there, dude."
"Me, disgusting?!"
"Julie, I... You gotta watch the fucking tape."
We'il both be dead by sunrise if we don't!
"Damnit, mine's in the shop! Uh hey!"
"Now, give me a frickin' baby!"
Where's that damn plane! Where the hell is it?
I can't feel shit!
- You got a garbage strike?
"Is there a Greek word for ""insane""? Yes!"
Yes! I gotta get you racing again so I can make some money off your ass.
"That was Errol Barnes, a stone killer."
A sock in the kisser is the only thing that'll bring her out of it.
"In this country, there is a line between coffee and foamy crap."
"Watch it, jerk!"
You don't get shit.
I wanted a tight ricochet that came down vertically and drilled through his head.
"Look, she's not gonna stop, and the next time he sees her, one of them is gonna die."
No wonder I'm fucking exhausted.
"Al, he killed someone."
I could write a hell of a paper on a man who dresses like a flying rodent.
We don't have any fucking pigs.
I stopped associating with her when she fucked your boyfriend.
That's one of the best fucking shows I've ever seen.
What is the fucking story of this place?
Fucking shit.
And he tells you who to fuck.
"But, Jesus! Fuck!"
"Usually when there's a vampire around, I'm the one shitting my pants."
"Fuck off! - I work here, remember?"
I can play on their horrible little minds like a xylophone.
"Me, molesting the girl?"
"Revelation of a mental illness called schizophrenia. -Damn, anyway, Did you see the drug ..."
"I'm glad it's memory lane for you, but it's doing my fucking head in."
"Ten years ago, man, you would have shit on that idea."
How you bitches like jump street now? Hey!
"You just continue to surprise me... ...you dirty, dirty little man."
The clap! But it burns like hell.
We shall see how much pain we can inflict upon our guests before we kill them.
"Shut up, I didn't do anything."
Shit. I used to work here.
"""So do you wanna have sex now... or wait until after the party?"""
Damn it Oz... how do you turn this off?
I'm sorry that you are this perpetually crabby jerk now.
"'All the other rubbish, the paperwork, and the mechanical things, and the lectures, they are the price."
We claw with our fingernails for that inch... ...because we know when we add up all those inches... ...that's gonna make the fucking difference between winning and losing!
Who cares what we look like in whatever stupid year this is?
"Oh, shit, I forgot."
"Get up there,help Liesl with the pig... ...get your car and you're out of here."
"As crazy as these guys are, I can't believe Truman would want to wipe out the town."
"You know, and I called the insurance lady a cunt and now I can't get her back on the phone."
She would also have to be stupid not to realize that at any moment the Emperor could and would withdraw his support and let economic gravity settle the rest.
"""They were awaitin' for us to come out so they could butcher us."""
"I've spent the first half of my life acquiring all this crap, and now I'm gonna spend the second half of my life getting rid of all this stuff."
"Every time he had a comment or a criticism, it's pretty ridiculous."
"I'm leaving. A guy could just come in here and say, ""Looking for a fucking friend""!"
You look so fucking hot.
They were really fucked up.
I told you not to read that crap.
You can't go in there crazy like a dragon with a hemorrhoid.
"He came off junk at the same time as me... ...not because he wanted to, you understand, but just to annoy me."
Phil En has a fresh water butt in his dive shed.
"Hey, your hairy little lady friend kept me up half the night whining and yapping."
You turned Hye Mi into a thief in front of everyone.
I'll burn your house down!
"'You lay one hand on me and I'll thump you!' he yelled, trying to swing his legs off the table."
"Now, when they come get you, that straw purchase out there gonna come bite you in the ass, boy."
"When I kicked your head, it must've jarred your memory."
"But it was a mindless, moronic evil from which there was no mercy or reprieve."
I suppose it makes no difference as the King has the devil in his.
The Indian smelled.
"I figure a box of Cubans and 18 holes isn't good enough to close a deal these days, so you send your young, pretty, sexy employees to your old, saggy, sex-starved clients."
"Throw the gun to the floor, please."
"I don't know if I'm ready to be shacking up and shit, you know?"
"Yes, she's a cute girl, damn you."
"Gators have internal sex organs. It's, uh... it's difficult to tell."
You gonna come visit my distinguished ass in California?
"Yeah, yeah. That's the asshole who cut my toes off."
"""I feel a right twit,"" said Bestiality Carter, Lancre's only baker."
"Damn right, you're bad."
Why did they think a whole damn village would be burning?
Santos was my goddamn responsibility.
And you are someone i just had sex with.
"Commerce, nigga."
"The ""crazies,"" they live in the subways."
Valerie Botanelli over Cancer or some shit.
"You're fucked up in his bed, he didn't try anything."
"Hey, that was amazing. I mean, telling him to suck on your two family jewels was in questionable taste, but still..."
"I did all that shit out of love, motherfucker."
They beat her to death with clubs right while she was preaching.
"Her attacker jumped up and down on her chest, causing a rib to puncture a lung and kill her."
She thinks you are a serpent.
"Here's fucking 17,000 in cash."
"Okay, shit, man, I need you out here."
And if success doesn't turn you on... ...then you can take your initial $5000 investment fees... ...pop on out to your shit cars and drive out of here.
Dorks. They look like a couple of dorks.
"Nozowitz is a tough cop but an honest one, and this crap about him"
"Anna, we're going to pay a visit to that bastard's wife."
"Yeah. Yeah. It's a touring edition, dick."
"This isn't a little setback... minor setback, my ass... where we can just lay low, come back and start again."
You kill him?
"He's abusive, verbally and physically."
I need a hit.
They're for killing people!
Why do you have to drive such a piece of shit?
"I don't mind the weird stuff, but she'd never take off the fucking bunny ears."
They just have you standing around all day because they don't give a shit about your time gabbing away in Chinese.
"I'm just saying, you looklike a regular guinea pig to me."
Your cause is doomed to failure because it is built on the stupid persecution of innocent people.
"It's our wedding night, and we don't wanna have sex."
"That's the excuse, silly"""
Because it's usually me picking my butt up off the mat.
"I got a finger on his eyes socket, pretty quick, rape was quite a long way off his mind."
"No, I know, he's a fuck-up."
One who killed your brother is good at kicking
"I let go, nowjust get this goddamn door off of me!"
What a ridiculous-- put my gum in her hair?
"The killer kicked him, and he burst. Sadistic fucker, huh?"
I got a crazy ass with aphony badge trying to pull me over!
It's like my favorite blanket. I've had it since I was a little fucking baby.
"But yet this white woman sees two black guys who look like UCLA students strolling down the sidewalk, and her reaction is blind fear?"
Especially this loser.
Some scumbag broke into my house.
You're fucking fired!
"Personally, I think it's all just new-age crap, but from your tear-filled, puppy-dog eyes"
Get the fuck out.
"I'm burning for you, Cliff."
"Damn, they look really good."
You chose to kill one that day to save many later.
"It's not a dick, it's a police stick!"
Deaf.
"No wonder you're so vulgar, cause you're a cop! You're good!"
"If you weren't so in love with Glenn Frey... Oh, shut up."
Take it out or I will rip it out.
"I wept like a woman, the fucking frustration."
You really molested a crazy girl?
How sickening - your poor sisters having to put up with ~ a saint for a brother! ~ I'm not quite a saint.
It's so hard to find cute virgin boys.
"Laurie only blenched a little more at this, and Hornblower had to make himself be a little helpful and put some heart in this lily-livered incompetent."
"I don't know if you can, but I'm not going with anyone so I though maybe you- Those guys sucked ass!"
Damn. We gotta get rid of this car too. --capture of the so-called Sawtooth Killers.
"Mermen have been killed in them."""
"One of their drivers came over to me, brought by Gordini who looked very white and sick."
Everything they do is some sick competition.
"I'm coming, damn it!"
"But as you would come, you've got to shut up."
"Get the fuck off me, Cheddar."
Hit me.
And don't think you're not on my shit-list too.
It's too early for this crap.
"You kill any alien, Lem?"
Something's wrong with your attack dog.
"Oh, another Death God"
"I don't care for heights, Motion sickness Or the thought of your necks touching my buttocks."
Breath in slowly through your nose and out deeply through your ass!
"Now, when do I get my bloody money?"
I leaned on the machete and drew it up towards his throat.
"I'm thinkin' that you read too damn much, man!"
"I'm sorry that you didn't get to die as a forgotten nobody on a bloody battlefield, and your father didn't get to live another day to be disgraced by you."
"See, he's got an awesome dad named God who's throwing him a bitchin' party called Armageddon, where he's gonna get to kick off his sandals dance a little bit, judge the crap out of everybody."
He's a fucking dead man.
Crunchy colonialist butt dipped in cocoa milk...
Watts is gonna shitif he sees you!
He was a coward - He thought thejob was all he had left.
No way she wants to marry a cripple.
I hope you choke.
"And by the way, I fucking hate animals, especially ones that can kill you."
We'il get a monkey drunk and push him down the stairs.
I thought the fucking kitchen was on fire.
"Christ, I'd be ridin' her, too."
You will die if you do not.
"Sweet fucking Christ, would you knock it off?"
The street light makes my pussy hair glow in the dark
"Rich, he's bazonkers. Get him off the floor."
How in the hell did that happen ?
Maryann's weed is some serious shit.
You are drunk like a skunk again.
Didn't want your white brothers thinking you were the best we had.
White prison gangs is tweakers and meth labs and trailer parks.
His eyes were burned cigarette holes.
"Why you come over here, dog?"
"Well, no offense... this Edward guy seems like kind of a lame ass."
"Nancy, you are going to get some sleep tonight... If it kills me."
Miss Lindsay is no child... no fool.
"People of the court,these guys are total dildos."
Or what about the time you and that pain in my ass from Mossad got my informant killed in a fiery explosion?
"Although Joseph's sin had been terrible, Alvito had acted with haste and anger and stupidity."
Sinful is starving to death.
Don't kill anyone who doesn't deserve to die.
"Cut him in a dozen places, burned him with cigarettes."
Are you bragging that you have a kick-a** house?
You measure your merit... ... at your beard... .. and at your teeth cleaned with the urine of Syriac...
"I will, when you start kissing her."
"Yes, hang it well."
Give me a gun and some cuffs.
"We would have had a bucket of fried chicken, delivered to the King with a nice Kiss My Ass card attached to it, and we would have moved on until the next local putz caught on."
Execution here... ...Wild West over there
Then you killed them both. Zurov was shot at blank point. Then you finished off Kazanzaki by staging a suicide.
Barely know you without a bloody sword in your hand.
You kill me.
HENRY: All day I thought the guys in the helicopter. . . were local cops busting my balls over Lufthansa. They turned out to be narcs.
Marco Reyes cut my brother up into pieces and put him in an oil drum.
Either shut up or go help Jackson get the force field back on.
"Someone's screwing with you, Larry."
"""Must the poor unwanted children be thrown in the gutter or killed?"
His jokes are disgusting.
"Huo An, You think you're hot shit with your martial arts skills"
"Master Hindley, she'll die on the moors."
Who's got a fucking piece?
"She'd wear it, he'd kiss and lick--"
We'll wipe out the Tolmekians in the valley tonight
"To save my ass once,"
Put him on the ground!
My head doesn't Shut the fuck up!
"The captain should have sent me out here with 30, 40 men... ...to raze this bloody get-out-of-jail party."
"But you, he knows this is your only shot. You've been waitin' 18 fuckin' years."
What the hell are you talking about?
So you pulled me from the gutter once in Vienna when I was a stinking kid.
How can you let your daughter be with that abominable thug?
"I think that you created a little facade because, when we're not looking, you come and kick us in the butt with a ballsy move like putting together an open-faced blt, which I admire."
"Yeah, you. Fuck-head."
"You're a good detective, and a damn good friend."
"The man opened his mouth to say, 'Don't be daft, we don't get wolves down here this time of the year,' but again the confident smile made him hesitate."
You would've thrown her right in my face.
Will you shut up?
"I forgot I asked you to do it, but it's a good thing you did or Santa's little helper would've plugged his ass."
None of your damn business!
What a tiggerific idea!
Now I'm gonna go hang out with that geek over there... 'cause at least she has something Else to talk about besides sex.
Do not add your own death to this tragedy. I beg you!
"""Prophecy is foolish."
We know that there are only a handful of black militants that are running the People's Army.
"I'm supposed to stay here feeling like crap, putting on some big show like everything's okay?"
I worked on that dumb-ass for 5 months.
Shut up. I don't know.
You think you're hot shit.
"Mickey, you scared the shit out of me."
"But there was only the stench of sex on him, of the heat of the bed behind him."
"That makes him a schmuck? Well, his wife left him. He was passed over for a promotion and he just got bitch-slapped in the company parking lot."
"Boy, damn!"
"Now, put Marvin back on the goddamn phone."
I don't have time for this kind of shit Jimmy.
"Hell hath no fury, like a woman whose husband is screwing another man."
"Man, this idiot better pick up the phone."
She's also extremely horny.
Though I'll grant the pits could force Jupiter himself to doubt his cock.
"Can it, creampuff, or I'll clobber you."
"Pistol, I've been up to my ass in dust plenty of times but this kind of dust is like a supreme kind of dust that's been sent from some other planet."
"I'm going old-school on this sales weasel, and I'm gonna break him in half."
"Get his ass, Cole."
"You look like a chewed-up piece of twine, Hawkins."
Kill some time.
I know this shit by heart.
We're fucking beautiful.
"I don't know what you are, sweetheart, but you got to back off on that Obama shit."
"Instead of being an asshole, you should be pissed at him."
Fucking drop it.
He shot me through the leg.
We can't beat him without using our wolf slaves.
"I'm as crazy as you are."""
I don't believe we've met... and this isn't any of your goddamn business.
"Blabbing about it to every Tom, dick, and hairdresser who will listen?"
You're unstable!
"I'm gonna build me the best-staffed, best-equipped... biggest goddamn health center this state ever saw."
"If I sold all the art, if I sold the whole goddamn lot."
The ox will be slaughtered for the wedding.
Lily had a sex dream last night.
Get off me!
I want to apologize for what I did that your wife was such a curmudgeon.
"And the hope is that you pass that shit down, The respect and the love."
And now I need to find someone to help me burn him back.
Trunk.
She's an ungrateful little whiner.
I work with the dregs of society.
How many Dornishmen does it take to fuck a goat?
She's going back to work for that idiot.
To put a man to death
"That's difficult to do with ""The Vagina Monologues"" in the guest room."
"Shit, I must've got off on the wrong train."
"Yeah, dick, I was waiting... ...and then that creepy, quiet guy showed up."
I expect her to grow tired of me; I'm no romantic idiot.
Your head's only good for keeping your ears apart!
They're fucking eating each other.
Between me and that... that leech he was married to.
Saved you from a miserable marriage to that teenage hooligan who got you pregnant.
Poor bastard died of an infection.
They used to tie them up like little lunatics in straitjackets... ...and they stuffed socks in their bras.
"I imagine they tolerate you as a necessary evil, to supply them with food, otherwise they wish you were all dead."""
I don't know what to fuckin' do.
"You calling me an asshole, punk?"
I don't fuckin' buy it!
You've seen the last of big booby dirty girl here.
Made killing himself easier?
Many heads have been chopped off.
I just wasted most of my life... ...trying to avoid doing the shit I love the most.
That's why I didn't have sex with Claire last night.
It's just us beating up your daddy.
"I'll say one thing, you bring down that flying hunk of junk, you're OK in my book."
"You hang with us for a while, you'll find out I am not the man with whom to fuck."
I give him a warning shot.
He will explode.
"He wants to have me killed, doesn't he."
Do not touch his cock!
We'll shoot you the test results as soon as we get them.
"You are a readin' fool, aren't you, Mr. Dorr?"
I'll shut up if you ask me to.
Give us the drugs and we'il let you live.
"It's a damn shame, letting this here rot next to the worms."
"She lifted the crossbow, resting the heavy butt against her hip."
How much to fuck you up the butt?
"We're trying to help you, Goddamnit!"
"""I think what those poor bastards saw for themselves we all guess, right?"""
He hasn't written shit.
"My feelings for her are complicated, we have a past, but... but I want a future with you. ♪ Grow die"
"Yeah, fuckin' Robbie."
"Yesterday, bombers beat the shit out of that rock."
You're fucking me.
"Well, this good project here is going to get done, but so are these two kind of crappy projects."
"No, there's a huge line. I don't wanna miss the slutty pumpkin."
"Shoot 'em into space, and they just... float around."
What the hell--
"Miles braced himself for an Illyanesque opening shot, such as What the hell are you up to, Vorkosigan, trying to start a damned war single-handed?!"
I should have thrown that lady out when I had the chance.
This is a fucking classic.
I was busting his chops today about you and I shot my mouth off in a restaurant.
Get the fuck out of here! -Long live the king!
We should get naked and go skinny-dipping in the ocean!
I'll kill you the first opportunity...
"Either way it goes, it's some scary shit!"
They're like pez for sluts.
Illusion! The weapon and defense of a witch.
What the hell you been doing?
These girls are nasty with me.
What crap did he tell his wife?
"At worst, I'm incorrigible and sophomoric."
Those little freaks?
That the stupid bitch didn't know how good the snort was at Little Man's party.
You just point the Army and shoot.
You called me a bitch!
So why tell me the fuckin' Indian story?
"""Women are like cow chips, the older they get the easier they are to pick up."""
"So, Mike, how's your lame-ass tennis team doing?"
"He put up his sword and said, 'Damn me."
"You tell me, what am I gonna fucking tell people now?"
"Pork chop, mid-rare. Pork chop, kill it, no sauce."
I packed like a fool!
"What the fuck? I thought, somebody was killing you."
"Oh, shit! there's more!"
I will kill a man for a glass of juice
Yeah. Let the bullshit blow over so I can run the casino.
"I mean, if she comes home from a hard day's work... and finds a bunch of gangsters in her kitchen... doing a bunch of gangster shit... there ain't no telling what she's liable to do."
"And I have to admit, I'm a bit of a fashion whore."
"Nuke me, baby."
"if you move, l'il kick your ass."
Endless beatings from you.
"Still a loser, aren't you?"
The biggest rat hole in the world fucking killed Jerry.
"Gentlemen, time to die."
"We are standing in front of the couch, and you two thugs are menacing me."
You're god damned lucky he didn't kill all of you.
"Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to take you up to the bridge."
That... you're... ...a serial rapist. And a pervert.
"Todd, when have you ever kicked anyone's ass?"
"You should be knocking my teeth out, but not you, huh?"
He didn't tell me you was a screwup either.
Entreri wasn't about to ask what drow female he was killing this time.
"Look, you're very attractive, but I'm politically very committed to the gay cause."
"Well, it's gonna be tough tracking anyone with Teddy in jail for statutory rape."
"You know what, I think someone needs a virgin mojito."
"Using two innocent teenagers as pawns in your sick game, huh?"
People are dead now 'cause of you.
Jesus fucking Christ!
50 fucking thousand people were killed on the highway last year
"Fuck, everyone in this town's got a hard-luck story."
"I may never have gone any further than one year of vocational- technical school, but I'm no fucking barbarian."
What the hell...
We've been ambushed... ...by some of those damn mercenaries you drove out of the city.
Your insane boss has already made enough noise.
This is so fucking wrong!
"""I will never forget the sight of you chopping him up."
"Look, please don't be useless."
Then I'd be sorry to make him ridiculous with bad acting.
You manipulated me with all these bullshit compliments about what a great mother I am.
"And you there, with your swollen nose and silly grin. Have you got a year left to pollute the earth with your debris?"
The only reason I'm still here is 'cause you're so damn late.
"If you can make God bleed, the people will cease to believe in him."
"""They are all criminals from the pits of Manator,"" he said."
"Despite its best efforts, this justice system has killed... ...at least 23 innocent men... ...and sentences blacks who kill whites... ...seven times more than whites who kill blacks."""
The freakin' Dalai Lama.
"It was fucking biblical, mate."
"What are you fighting for, minuscule blonde one?"
"Now the cops know I wrote it, which is gonna keep my ass out of jail."
"Peter: Hey, can we focus on rebounding from the bitch-slap that Isabella just took in court today?"
"Marnie Burke was found wandering around stark naked... laughing her ass off, flipped out."
"The pair conversed in a bastard dialect of Galactic Two, at best a difficult tongue for humans."
"The last thing I wanted to do is to tell this man that I don't have his shit. Right, right."
"Unless it was only a stone he held in his hand, a useless, meaningless lump of stone."
"Well, we need fucking intel."
The kid does missionary work for Christ's goddamn sake.
What the hell are you talking about?
Let me shoot something else.
They have taken my damned boy.
Rossi and Kate think we might be looking for a female killer.
"Behind closed doors, bet she sucked cock like she was stealing petrol."
"One, I'm a sucker for makeovers. And two, you need something to distract from your horrible personality."
"Jesus Christ! You'd think I'd have a goddamn notepad in this office, wouldn't ya?"
"Sister Ernestine, the vice principal, is a very large woman, who wears an enormous cross between her equally sizeable breasts."
Ηe called me a white slave trader!
"Good looks and funny too. /But I was not talking to the /Dalmatian, little Miss Sugar-Snack. /- Idiot."
I'm going to burn this painting and you can't stop me.
"Maybe Ziane would give a shit, if he wasn't rotting in jail."
This shit happens every day.
Don't fuck with us.
"How about some fuckin' furniture, dude?"
We aim for the point where everyone who is marked for death dies.
How the hell are you?
Have some fucking respect.
"Well, like our killer, we'll just have to take a stab at it."
"You see these fuckin' arms, man?"
We want to fight you.
letting them get hurt.
And a womanizer of epic proportions.
"What am I gonna fucking tell people, huh?"
What did I tell you about that shit?
I don't fucking know any... What do you mean?
"""What nonsense, with your presentiments, mother!"
"Oh, cruel monster!"
He's a very sick man.
It's that fuckin' Bobby DeMarco?
"From now on I'm deaf, dumb and blind.'"
"""You're fucking her, aren't you, don't try to deny it---"""
I found a whore with a heart of gold once. I can find Danny Wright's card in my address book.
Bloody hell.
Why are we doing a goddamn fashion show?
"Rodney, who is just awful."
"Is ""faggoty"" a word, Ryan?"
There's no way Marko gives a shit about a broken sensor.
"Get the fuck out of here, kid."
"""What, the big white buggers?"
"Give me money, not joking. Damn man."
And me you that your partner that I kill her was not
"Beaters, follow Marie over to the butts."
I can be pretty fucking useful.
Fool! - Inspector KIM's son.
"You find a tumor in her colon,you can knock her out.If you don't, she stays awake."
I think I'm about to shit myself.
"Stupid, maybe?"
"You're a frickin' gold digger, Jess."
Filthy rich.
"""Whether it be nobler in the mind""... to stick my head in the fucking oven and end it all?"
"""oh, shit, this is my... also my good friend. I need to help her out."""
Now you're tellin' me that you don't have the shit you need?
Do not come up here unless you want to get your fucking head blown off!
"Well, I'm not trying to have sex with her."
I'm not talking about Daniel Day-Loser here.
"Well, dear, you aren't the only one who wants me to die."
"You cut off one airhead, two more grow back."
"Aye, you're the tranny who won Big Brother."
"Mention the word ""murder!"" Works on the Muslims, works on the Catholics, might work on these folks, you never know!"
I'm just teaching this douchebag how to play pool.
"But even though it's very delicate, it can withstand a surprising amount of shit. Wait."
"He saved my ass, remember?"
"Burn it all, come on!"
I'm gonna fucking knock you out!
Shut up Whining.
I don't want to fuck up my family anymore.
Someone bought one. This guy with a ridiculous little beard.
And that it was necessary for the physician to have bled you.
In Dublin. One of the chancers and cheats.
Will you shut up?!
"Tabini, damn him, had put him here, when he’d known his grandmother was here."
She was too fat to dance. That's for sure.
Say some shit.
'How the hell can you do that? You're in Scotland.'
"If it's crap, why are you here?"
Get the hell out of here.
"I'd do whatever I had to do to keep the piece of shit away from our kids, our families."
"We could do something, goddamn it!"
Pretty damn good!'
So Greg Prichard was the shooter and the rat.
"It's fucking Dom, for Christ's sakes."
Why don't you clean up your own shit...
"You'd think the stupid punks could think of something funnier than: "" Don't eat it!"
"The gross man spoke quickly, a whine of excuses: the woman had 'disappeared ..."
"Laura, there is no god damned astrological pattern to this guy, okay?"
Not such a dork all the time?
Backstage at my concert Fucks me on my parents' bed
"He's a fuckin' rat, is what you're sayin'."
"If I'd had this by January 21, you might have had a shot."
Why did you follow after me and make a clown out of me?
"You got this fucking wrong. This ain't about you,man."
"He might not be able to kill all of them, but he'd kill a few and keep the rest at bay."
You want me to stand here and watch my mate fucking die?
"Call me Marilyn and get over here... ...and give me a hug, you big, fat, purple teddy bear."
Dragon dung.
"Why would they come all the way from wherever the hell it is they came from, fly around with a bunch of F-16s on their asses for half a day, and then just sit there?"
She drove men crazy.
"Where the hell are you, D?"
"Well, the ""boss"" says don't dick around on the net!"
I don't know anything about any of you fucking guys.
"Hit them over the head with a rock, hope they get amnesia?"
So neither of you knew the other one was gay?
Forgot I was stranded with a loser!
"Goddamn it, Otto's gonna have irreversible brain damage in about 30 seconds,"
Because she knew he was gonna die.
Now quit your bitching and go get me some coffee.
Or we'll come back and use the bat on you.
"“I bought one of those VCRs so I could watch old movies, and I can’t figure out how to turn off the goddamn blinking clock."
"Surely you admit that lesbian sex... is more satisfying to women than hetero sex, right?"
"And so, what I grabbed was Chris Melnick's Junk."
"""He's gonna get it. He's gonna understand, and he won't take this shit for granted."""
Get off of me!
"Pam, hang up the goddamn phone!"
What the hell...
"Jimmy understood, for the Black Slayers were worthy of fear."
Jammed!
How in the hell does a guy that smart get all these questions wrong?
"He slid back onto his knees and rose, his thighs spread between mine, his cock thick and hard and bobbing under its weight."
You guys love those stupid gold teeth.
It's pathetic that you British still believe you have the right to police the world.
Wait a minute who was that freak?
"I mean, I'd wake up every fucking night hearing that mother scream."
Those guys are total nards.
You know what you've fucking done?
His eyes went all vacant and shit.
"Listen to me, you little asshole..."
"""All of this, the attempt at stupidity and the lame effort at philosophical discussion, leads me to believe that for some reason you are stalling and do not wish to commence working on our assignment."
I’m paying fucking horrendous right now... which is exactly why I need to go home.
"Get that shit, B."
"I know if I give you enough time, pretty soon you're going to slip up... ...and then I'll be able to send you back to your miserable existence."
Glee Club is so lame.
How about garbage detail?
He fucks the lady whose house it is.
"Even Benny Eitan, commander of the Israeli 7th Armored Brigade, had rallied from the first set of drubbings to finish his training rotation with a pair of break-evens, and come away thanking his American hosts for the lessons--and promising to kick their asses when he returned the next year."
"You spend your days pining after a man who will never forgive ya, a man who despises you to his very core!"
"'What do you want, old crone?'"
Moe is the biggest hot head in the world.
I've had all of the notices removed and I've ordered the death penalty... ...for anyone who spreads the false rumors that Antony's men might desert him.
and round up the sick in there.
I'll build a fire for you
The national average for penis length is now officially moved from 6 inches to 1.5 inches.
So now he could see why the Yankees had fallen on their asses this season.
"Look, you may have lost those glasses and that ponytail thing... ...but you're still a loser."
"Maybe not you, but some shit does change."
"""Two silly bulls""?"
"Thanks, Mike. That's good, 'cause you need to know, Bobby, that you're... Y-you're risking life and limb on a bunch of hillbilly doper shit bags."
"""Because our tribe has enough trouble remaining stable without you adding the killing blow."
"The other item was smaller because Will Darnell had been a 'suspected crime figure' , and Don Vandenberg had only been a dipshit dropout gas-jockey."
That one's crazy!
But if they don't wake up they'll starve to death.
"You know, Olivia, it's just a matter of time before Julia gives up the gay ghost."
He's been scalped.
Just because she dresses like a lawyer... ...doesn't mean she didn'twork her ass off in law school.
I heard they eat the shit of capybaras.
"No boys, just children's crap."
You still gay?
Some meaning behind the tits and the tears; some glimpse of a larger picture.
You know what I told your ass about that shit!
Because it looked like you were having sex with my wife.
It's just my sister's baby-sitting and she's a bit of a moody old fucker.
Damn right we do.
"Did your therapist give you this ridiculous work, or what?"
"First thing I'd smash, if I was a loony.'"
Haven't you gotten enough people killed?
"They have ticks that give you lime disease and they shit everywhere and they make a noise, did you know that?"
"As insane as they are, Joe Carroll's groupies are beyond resourceful."
"What the hell happened to you, friend?"
I can dribble between my legs.
I-- I feel... stupid.
"No, Verger does'nt want to kill me any more than I want to kill him."
"So, you think you could out-clever us French folk... ...with your silly knees-bent,running about, advancing behavior."
Rub this on your chest ten minutes before lovemaking. It may burn.
He's about to die.
"Listen, when your testicles drop and you finally decide to tell me what your problem is,"
I think they just burn rubbish there sometimes.
xxx jonas brothers 2girls1cup wwe linkin park orgasm kama sutra nude hentai sexy girls enrique iglesias amnesia ibiza akon basshunter sex scenes hanah montana power rangers mistic forse bb8 big brother pamela anderson sex video
We strongly suspect that your husband had planned to murder you.
You're still upset about me buying this stupid thing.
I never cornered the son of a bitch in my life!
"Lola is going to catch pneumonia, she will die, and you see me again."
"Fucking Arthur Digby Sellers wrote 156 episodes, Dude."
"I smell horse shit, and it's probably been a long time since you've seen a hundred dollar bill around this place."
You are a cadaver. We have to cover you because cadavers don't wear shirts from Abercrombie and Fletch.
Your shits out of control.
"God, I hate this... ...fucking PancakeBot thing."
"If you were a sheep, I'd have you ground up for dog food, you little worm."
You should have let her hit the pavement.
if Mr. Sir didn't shoot it. . .
"Those crazed hillbillies, the Tremors?"
"Now Mara rent her clothing, cut her arm, and placed ashes between her breasts."
One hundred free booger suckers and you'il say nothing.
Taxpayers don't give a shit if it's a holiday.
It's almost like the book itself is a fucking bully.
Unfortunately you disappointed me today because of your weakness and mediocrity.
and kill this Quintus.
You had a face like a slaughtered ox.
"Sarah, take the shot!"
"""You have to do it face-to-face?"" the American asked, rather stupidly, Popov thought."
Just hang.
Killing him would just wake him up. But pain...
"So, you're saving the world in a garbage can?"
"Being happy and healthy, or miserable and fucked-up?"
Look what I got for two loaves. - You idiot!
You sound like a fuckin' broken record.
"Oh yes, you fucking are!"
I'm gonna grab Horatio.
"You saved our asses, pal. Thanks."
"Father says, ""Son, why don't we walk down there and fuck'em all?"""
Just another fat fuck walking out of the casino with a suitcase.
"Well, I did, and now you're being shitty because you don't want me to go, and you won't even just admit it."
I've been up in here trying to get a motherfucking scholarship.
"She was a real ""lie down and think of hockey and England"" type, and after a brief grope that was not enthusiastically received, I looked her hard in the breasts and thought, ""Yuck."
You wipe out six million Jews... and the world left them escape.
"You don't know a goddamn thing about me, you know that?"
"You know, people like you make me ashamed to be Irish."
I don't care if he's got fucking hazelnuts.
What? There were 15 murders the first week and 21 last week in this goddamn city.
Alerta Anarchist camp Anarchofeminism Bookfair Consent Discussion Ehrlich Feminist gathering Gay Gay Pride Gay Shame Radical Parenting Sexual violence Workshop
What the hell's the matter with you guys?
Stop asking about my fucking groom.
"""At least you finally married her which shows you have a single drop of honesty in your otherwise rotten carcass."
Killed
"The cock-crow was repeated, the girl clacked her teeth, and her red hair stood on end."
I want to pull his Spiderman Underoos over his head and stuff him through a basketball hoop.
"Pack your shit, I'm gonna check on my gas."
"""I cast you out, unclean spirit!"""
Only way to get rid of her... ...is to catch her in the eyes with the beam of your flashlight.
The night crawler. The bloodsucker.
Get h\xA1m the fuck out of here!
Get your own human plaything.
"We need a three-point man, a man who can shoot the pill, a man who can thrill."
"I'm fucking going, ""Let's go, boys."
"Jesus, crap."
Why does the existential dilemma have to be so damned bleak?
I'm going to miss the fucking game !
"Keep it moving! He'll be fine. Our target, Island X, is an ugly, smelly, dirty little scab of rock called Iwo Jima."
Nobody else needs to die.
"Pale as a ghost, you were."
I thought I was bringing him here to die.
"Remember I told you if there was anything left.-. You still cared about, I was gonna find it... and I was gonna burn that shit down."
Shit! Hurry up!
"Hmm-hmm. It's a lot better than sizzling in that hot box, or draggin' your ass through a bramble bush."
Get off him ! He's FBl.
"Well,I know he's a successful architect, his daughter is a soccer player,he's gay, he has a boat,he went to U.C.Berkeley... okay,okay.Back up a little. ***** Well,it's more of a sloop."
"He seizes the microphone and screams, ""HE'S SHOT!"
I guaran-damn-tee he's already thought about it.
The troll thought about this.
"But then instead of taking him up on it, You went ahead and shit on his feelings."
And all I could say was F-F-F-F like a stupid broken record.
You don't leave a body out in the fucking open.
"If you think you're doing this because it's natural and fun, you aren't thinking too fucking hard."""
"In Tegus I went with my friend Clarissa, to my neighbor's house... ...a crazy old lady called Leonor... ...she was a witch."
He was an inhuman murderer at thatin that he murdered an inhuman.
"And the sun - you turned your back on intelligence, and became dull-minded animals.'"
I was a damn good Detective in Chicago until a disagreement with my boss encouraged me to pack it up and make a change.
A hundred and seventy grand for Colin-fucking-Todd?
"If you touch her, I'll deal with you!"
And take them alive!
"Now, I'm 'bout to go home and have a threesome with two toblerones, and then hit the sack. - Suck it."
Rice thieves!
So you're just going to cut her off.
I scooped this off the scumbag before he ran away.
You mean the broke ass clients.
"If they die during the evacuation, it will still be better than knifing them in their beds.'"
Who the fuck are you?
This is fucking bullshit!
Argos calling galliot!
You said that their dance was rubbish!
"I mean, shit, all anyone has to do is figure out where the annual dance is, and there you are."
You're so cruel! Will you please stop yelling?
"And my ""family""... yeah, is sleeping with a con artist."
"""So you're going to sort of die?"""
"If this lady in the pink suit found him alarming, the security guard would probably spray him with Mace, shock him with a Taser, and club him to the floor the moment he walked through the door into the lobby."
"Please, please... Fuck."
We're screwed Let him go.
Everybody here kill-crazy?
"You know what they say. You play the game too long, you start seeing shit. - You know, or have seizures."
"Lying bitch. And by the way, thanks For doing everything she said you would do."
"""Hey, Jimmy, how the fuck are you?"""
But now she's gone and I miss her and it sucks.
Those who had chosen to serve spirit rather than flesh should do so in truth; hypocrisy was always disgusting.
His left hand is useless now.
"Oh, damn, you're good."
"Feel that shit, Mamita!"
"99.9% of the time, the guy never listens to your fucking tape."
You oughta see that fuckin' car.
The person who owns this castle is a very evil man.
And yet you treat me just like shit.
"Do you want it on your feet... ...or on your fucking knees, begging?"
They're like a nasty wolf pack.
"He ekes out a living as a witch, because he refuses to let his grandson support him."
"Varinius is admired within the Senate, a thing to be carefully considered before words fly from errant fucking tongue."
"""To hell with that."
The poor kid is fucked! ...anguished people and with low self-esteem that find themselves isolated and depressed because they don't feel attractive.
"Shit! That's a bad word, Jeffrey."
How many times has that nigga gone upside your head?
"Oh, shit, Billy, did I wake you?"
But you want to watch that smartass mouth of yours.
Poor girl. All alone with her awful family.
Your five-alarm warning... what a dangerous fuckin' figure Saul Berenson is?
"God help thee, poor monkey."
He nicked him.
"Wait till you have a mewling, pooh-covered infant Hanging off of your boobs 24/7."
I never even sat in the damn thing.
"Okay, postmodern gay, use those shapely thighs to wiggle up this rope and get that thing down."
Could you get someone who can explain to me... ...why my insurance policy issitting downstairs on my fucking sofa?!
"Tommy, you're too skinny."
"That's because your guts are made of metal, like your head."
Shoot.
"You just fucked her and dumped her, didn't you?"
How in the... hell...?
"Kala, you monkey!"
He throws this man into a cauldron and wants to boil him alive.
Estranged husband.
"After two days, they killed him."
"He sold out his country, and one day, he's going to sell you out, only you're too stupid to see it."
"What you're basically saying... is that you wouldn't like a guy like me because I have silly hair... and I dress kinda funny, right?"
"You're gonna make out in the fricking mall in front of everybody?"""
When you come in... ...I want you to be my little savage.
"Some people, they call me ""freak."""
Mrs. Sanders ain't going for that late shit no more.
Castor shut up.
"I can't hear you, nigger."
"We're up against a cruel, sadistic enemy!"
Was he conceived here under the trees at night like all the other bastards?
"So I am going down there myself. And if Martha won't help me, I'ma bust her kneecaps with a rolling pin and then say, ""Now that's a good thing."""
"First of all, Kristen's a lawyer without a creative bone in her body. And then there's the indisputable fact that she's a complete weirdo."
Do you think Captain Chinook will let us rats go tonight?
"Poirot, you're as fit as a flea."
He's just another monkey like right of us.
"She's a head. Besides, we were really drunk that night."
It's the writer monkey.
Damn! Look at him!
And so there was a dangerous and homicidal lunatic with Napoleonic delusions at his house last night.
Then he ejaculated over my back.
A fat Ferengi has just entered the establishment.
Looks like the pussy had the right idea.
Lots of big ugly men around.
Just lay down and shut up.
Why are you guys fighting about stupid things at 17?
You're killing him.
"I'm not alone, damn it."
Eye for an eye's for pussies.
We can't fuck around like this.
"The King swung and slashed the axe through its thick neck, beheading it."
"You know, your blue-eyed wonder, the one you let run shit?"
Do you really need all that shit?
"Damn, I would've loved tohave seen you grow up."
I've known you my whole damn life!
"Well, I'm a fucking actor."
"Oh, so maybe the terrorists will disable us with peanuts."
"So, they kill him near a body of water that flows to the Gulf."
"We take all kinds of shit from men, but never from another woman."
"Ugh- Ok, my turn! I will take that bitching sword, my good dude."
"If we do, we'll get burned."
"You know, uh... she's sweet, but she's fucked-up."
Only problem is there are many evildoers at that prison that wish me dead.
Damn near a hundred.
Get your own damn quarters.
Or maybe you have a stick up your prefrontal cortex.
I just got my ass kicked by a marsupial!
What the hell is that smell?
Dumb idea.
"I'd be so fucking angry, you know?"
So let's live in peace and not bust each other's balls.
So we'll watch out for the guards to make sure you cut them off.
That boy will die on the Stone Table...
"You're a lege, bro!"
"That makes it impossible to forget, which is great for him, sucks for you."
"Kent, I'm not getting sex from anyone."
"Oh, God! Shit!"
It's useless.
Nobody calls me a faggot just like that
"Four months ago, thought Dom, someone killed him and tried to kill me."
"Please, Giles, do shut up."
I love bitches!
"""Fuck him,"" came the reply."
"Now,get me my lawyer,'cause that chucker-loving punk with a badge assaulted me, and he's got to pay."
This place is for sick people and I'm not sick.
"You didn't have a condom, and I never have sex without one."
"Because I don't like you, and I have a bad habit of losing things I don't like in fire."
"Best damn chili in town, I'm told."
Don't try thisblaming society crap with me.
"When I married your daddy oh, Lord, but I was a fool for that man."
It's a huge waste of time and we suck.
And you sound like you're fucking with me.
"ALL: ""I spy a liar."
And what they really want is to drive the last Frenchman from the soil of Russia!
"You're really fucking annoying, you know that?"
Women must have spoiled you rotten!
My brother has killed people.
The guy was holding a stupid bear.
Leave us the fuck alone!
Looks like I've got you by the balls at last.
They say Elektra whispers in your ear before she kills you.
"Yeah, except for getting shot in the head."
"Not to mention an established base, at least a dozen armed pinnaces of their own, and those damned satellites to watch their backs."
You drive me fucking nuts.
Bury him quickly in an unmarked grave.
I’m so sick of your father. he's in that bed again.
We'il smell the stench for a fucking week.
She knew it and beat him over the head with it.
"The Internet's not written in pencil, Mark, it's written in ink, and you published that Erica Albright was a bitch, right before you made some ignorant crack about my family's name, my bra size, and then rated women based on their hotness."
"Trance, get your butt down here. We're leavin'."
"You know, I'm funny but fuckable waitress--"
"As a precaution, I, as the Head of Hades, order all under the High Priest's command to kill everyone who poses a threat... including K-29."
I hope your back hurt like a motherfucker.
Storm's on our ass. We gotta get moving.
You better stay away from that shit.
"In spring, summer, and autumn, Christchurch gardens are gay and colored."
Just one of these suckers will destroy an entire cremation chamber.
"""What used to be pleasurable has been reduced to sex on cue, rutting by rote."""
Captain don't wanna hear that Zimbabwe ah-wah-wah shit.
"Ann, what the hell are you doing?"
Can you believe that shit?
they bound to get us all killed.
"""They kill you."
"Lizzie's little work-of-fiction journal proves that I'm guilty like Lindsay ""blow-han"" proves that fame is fucking healthy."
"And now Hagrid ex­pects us to go down there and cry over its horrible hairy body!"""
"You just say the word, and Champion goes back to the pound, where he can be put down and killed forever."
No. I did not fire Andrew Beckett because he had AIDS.
"Now, look here. You wanted to build the fucking Taj Mahal to hydroponics."
Lapsed Catholic
"Two years' time, bitches!"
I fed them bullshit.
Stupid senior citizens! Why should we pay for their benefits?
"She hauled as he heaved, and he came up—and banged his head into her breast."
Watch that fucking hole.
What the hell kind of haircut is that?
I hate those guys; why don't they go home and grope their wives?
"Mr. Weaseley, let me present... the most traitorous, double-crossin' gun for hire... that I've ever had the pleasure to call partner... Rico."
We never said you had to pay us to fuck you!
You too. Y'all are an embarrassment to the sport of pool... and you should be proud that I even let you play at my table.
"But before I share this knowledge I warn you: If one of you ever tries to use this power over one of us, bloody slaughter will follow!"
What the fuck is he doing?
No mythy-mountain shit; real telepathy.
"Do you know what I'm feeling, Angela? Shut up."
"And she's thin, so no shit-dick."
"Spider psycho, spider psycho. Heh."
We have to hunt them down.
"I fucked up one time, and I fucking told you about it, and you..."
This thing is back to being a beast.
"I say again, you will not fuck anyone underage."
"In sooth this is but a puny demon, that has no stomach for it."
"It was, like, drinks and drugs and girls and movies and shit."
Holy shit.
"Hey, sissy! Didn't you hear me call you?"
You're an adult. Just don't do anything foolish. Marriage is something serious.
"Shut up, mam."
"It sounds silly, but..."
Crazy is right.
"His name is Lenny, the loser."
"Oh, but you're in that gay band... ...We're Gay."
"But we're readying ourselves to take on a new player in the gamesomeone completely outside all of this, and that someone is damn nasty."
And the gay porn links on your computer?
"Yes, a wagon full of women's junk."
It's good to get rid of all that old rubbish!
You think you're fucking special?
"As for you, we’ll have you thrown in a tub of boiling oil.”"
Shoot. Rookie mistake.
"Look, look, I don't know a damn thing about his friends or his business associates."
Now is the time to destroy the Greek army.
"If they die, don't know what I'll do."
"His boss was a gruff old bear, so much like his own father had been."
We had moments onstage that no one will ever fuckin' know.
"I was so fucking crazy, I didn't even care."
Nobody in my department is sitting on their ass.
"Kill me now, I wanna go home to my mama!"
He's a fucking kid?
I admit I applied for this job... because I wanted to cut loose and shake my rump... but I do not believe that this dilemma will be solved by partying.
A man all in black.
"Rule number one of not getting caught, you don't move the goddamn body."
From the whorehouse to the Vatican is quite a journey.
"One day the bitch had a litter of puppies, the cutest dogs you ever saw, and Sunny was just about the happiest Jap in the whole world, training the puppies, laughing and playing with them."
I'd say milady was single and ready to crotch-mingle.
Get these little immigrant bastards on their feet.
"Best goddamn bartender... ...from Timbuktu to Portland, Maine."
"Sometimes, he's nutty! Sometimes he's corny! He can be brown or greenish-brown!"
The 53 stab wounds she died of came from you!
The Coroner was black.
You tried to kill me?
The fruition of my deeply-laid plans... ...to escape from that cursed ovarianbastille!
"Devour them with the mouth of her mind, chew them up, swallow them."
I'm not staying in this son of a bitch all night.
You're dead... and you ain't taking me with you!
"And I knew from this very moment, this boy was a fool for blonds."
"You should just get a dumpster, Marv."
It's absurd to think we'd give it away... just because some lazy mutants think they own the planet.
"Don't be fucking rude, dude."
"Get back into the line, you slugs!"
"How the hell you get a truck, man, You don't know how to drive it? Huh?"
Italian men are ridiculous.
What's taking so fucking long?
You guys have bad toothpaste.
Have you lost your mind?
"""But when you go swanking around telling everyone you saved a big, clumsy Battleschool apprentice, you make us look foolish,"" the tall boy accused."
How you can say that that garbage anything is not?
"You knocked my arm, you clumsy bastard."
All this serious dramatic shit.
"Then the air fills with the goblin's horrible, mocking laughter."
John Forster will die to midnight in the prison of Walla Walla.
You vultures... circle this city tearing off the flesh from everything that is innocent.
"At night I picture you bleeding in an alley, in shooting galleries."
Are we gonna listen to a guy who lives in a storage unit and is clearly crazy?
I expect to die in the next 2 or 3 minutes.
"No, no, you don't understand, goddamn it."
Scum centre of the world.
"Yes, goddamn it, and then I met you and we had this ridiculously irrational weekend together and now I don't know where I am."
March 13. A military offilcer... is seriously woundedby Yemen's first... donkey bomb.
I never worked on a damn Robocop before.
That's the trouble with you New York dope fiends.
This is a hand that kills people
Killed everybody.
I'd take a fuckin' blood oath.
She just texted you a picture of her boobs out of the blue?
For fuck's sake...
I can't believe how fat she got.
You're a losing coach.
"I'm looking for Johnny Soprano, God damn it."
All alonewith her awful family.
Kill! Hot Lips!
Killing them?
So stick your head between your legs and go lick your wounds in Gstaad.
"Heedless, the old priest turned her over on his knee and lifted her skirts high above her hips, exposing the pink flesh of her backside."
"Ah, dammit."
"Damn it, like what?"
This idea is that fucking bad
"""You make me miserable."
Make another bullshit movie? Fuck another chick who doesn't like you? You know?
"His chapped, cracked lips were wet with spit."
This is bullshit.
You don't need to die...
It's for damned sure they can wreck any communications satellite they want.
"Uh, I usually like to know the name of the guy who's fucking my mouth."
Fucking move!
She just doesn't want to marry some oaf who's totally unaware how she's feeling half the time.
No. This black kid.
What the hell?
"No, by cocaine. It was inside the condom. It's now spreading through his digestive tract."
"Damn, baby girl, where you taking me?"
"And if Liane can marry a guy like Freakshow and I can hang-glide and I can ride a cheetah, then I guess Oh, fuck it."
Keep your mouth shut and you'il walk out of here.
Ain't that a bitch?
Remarkable-- Convincing your daughter to confess to murder just to save your mongrel son.
"""We had to send him out five fucking hours away."
Couple of weeks in this crap shack turned into a couple of years a little too quickly.
Water still beaded on his naked chest.
"Dummy, look for light. Stand back for fire safety."
I wonder if you'll take $250 to fuck me?
"And now, for your viewing pleasure the Mistress of the Macabre the Epitome of Evil, the most sinister woman to ever dance on the face of this Earth-- Bite this!"
"Hell, without you, there is no us."
Kill the music.
Super's like being stronger than everybody and flying and shit.
"Hey, hey, hey, ass."
It wasn't personal. Fuck you!
Crazy Daisy!
Didn't you just leave Robie with me when you went gallivanting off in gay Paris?
"Thank you. We are 10 years into a bad war, son, so now this is how I handle cocky sons of bitches on my ship."
"I tried to put my cafe con leche down, and it spilled all over my ass."
They will run out of spice and die.
You got to rip all this shit out before Jack sees it.
"Maybe it's our job As young, hot progressives to educate older, scary farts."
What the hell is that old guy up to?
They just care if some fucking bird goes extinct.
But I don't want another child like that miserable boy.
But I will leave you to kill yourself because you are not able to accept ... she was dead.
I'm surprised they even have fucking petrol.
Get the fuck off!
"If the cat will not purr, then we torture it until it does... or dies in agony."
Sal the Geep is keeping the shit in Florida until Brody's gone.
"""I tried hating you, and I can't."""
Could Schwarzenegger have ascended to the top of both film and politics if he had actually given a fuck about his family?
Is he retarded?
Six women locked 300 Jews in a church and let them burn.
"""Well, i'll be an ogre's hind end!"" Flint said in disgust."
"Homicide, please."
"In fact, get them any damn thing they want!"
You fucked our friendship!
I wanted to fall asleep in my own vomit all day listening to you talk about how you bruise more easily than other people.
"Look, I know the Bible says you get closer to God and crap... ...if you sew the holes in my socks, but this is just wrong."
"If he's been feeding the Soviets a line of garbage about miniaturization and they've caught on to it, I wouldn't want to be in his shoes."
Shit! Don't worry.
"It's all very well saying you just have to change one little detail, but which one, that's the real bugger."
"That's some grade-A cherry shit, man."
"""How'd you like a few teeth knocked out?"""
What you got here is Guantanamo Bay's ugly twin sister.
"Yeah, but-- And don't you think for one goddamn minute that Marvel is gonna spin off your character!"
"Okay, seriously, what is my uncle doing Hanging out with you freaks?"
"Cut into the wrong wire, and you'll set off the building alarms, electrocute yourself, or both."
I'd go nuts if you'd do something like that.
So this vehicle is much better than a tiny pathetic wheelchair.
"Yin and yang, What the fuck you all smokin'?"
And I think you're a phony... and a bad reporter.
I can't have that shit.
"I'm Jo White. If you crap on me, I swear to God..."
A dick?
How the fuck did you get him up here?
Do you like Little Miss Thing sucking on your cock?
"'No niggard are you, Éomer,' said Aragorn, 'to give thus to Gondor the fairest thing in your realm!'"
Jesus Christ. I'll take you to fucking Norwalk.
"We know Ruiz is connected to Lobos, so maybe Anibal is too. This is ridiculous."
Damn it! I forgot to throw it out!
"'Hogwarts needs you!' 'Enough of this rubbish!' said Fudge, pulling out his own wand."
How the hell did she have a seizure from a swollen knee?
"Though Shang-Da had said, ""They'll kill us all for this."""
"You stay the hell away from me, or I'll call security."
You want to destroy the ship and run away. You coward. CRUSHER:
"Don't touch that alarm, damn it!"
I wouldn't care if you took a dump in front of me. Ugh.
I'd drop her like a nasty habit.
"Austria, France, England, Belgium, Germany. 1,500 euro a fucking show, man."
You can' die.
"And they say to themselves, ""Why does not Allah punish us for our words?"" Enough for them is Hell:"
I don't know shit about no refrigerator.
"Uh yeah, the contract was void because I got an ""F"" and you look like shit."
Thief! You robbed me.
"Owen, sometimes in life, it's not just an innocent cat that gets screwed."
We shot them here from Enterprise.
Just get me the hell out of Panama.
It turns off that damned thing.
"Oh, look, I've been smoking a fair bit lately so my memory's pretty fucked."
Crap. Where am I staying tonight?
"If you won't jump, let me open fire with the aft batteries."
People voted for Obama so now that everything sucks they have to blame me!
"Yeah, just start the car and just run him over."
Where the fuck is it?
What I regret... and it dawned on me not so long ago... is that even before I became a woman we were screwed.
Your whole life is pointless.
"We shared fucking everything, apart from you!"
What? ! What the hell are you talking about?
"So when I say that I am literally gonna set fire to this building with you in it before I hand over the keys to it, you don't know if I'm speaking figuratively or literally."
"“I’m damned glad you like what you see, because God knows I fucking love looking at you.”"
Let's destroy the daughter instead.
"Eleanor, what the hell is going on?"
"If you weren't such a goof, and you developed this talent, you could easily go on to college."
We let the white man do a lot.
This man suffers from a bad heart.
I see now why this place has been a fucking clown act for decades.
He's gotta wank off to the underwear of the Sears catalogue.
I don't want to fucking hear it.
Shit. It's all over the press.
"If I took a live smear from my throat and placed it in your throat, you might contract it."
Are you fucking filming it?
So he chopped women up 'cause they wouldn't be his groupies?
But it's a goddamn tradition.
"This Friday night, the street is being closed down for traffic light repair, they're switchin' em over to L.E.D. or some shit."
Do you think anyone here gives a shit about you?
I plan on making your life miserable all the way to London.
Every damned thing I have you gave me.
I've only gone and lost my fuckin' key. Ain't I? Did ya?
"Get up, get up, get up and get the fuck out!"
"I cannot let those students go to Paris for ten days... Sit the fuck down, Carter!"
"Go on, cut him off!"
"Wait a second, did you just say ""cock""?"
"Personally, I think that you're born gay, but I'm proud of who I am, I'm a lesbian woman, I'm in a relationship, my partner and I have four beautiful children, so..."
"Vann, nothing stupid."
"He'd been buried in the asshole of the world, a hole so deep he thought he'd never scramble out of it, but he had, damn it."
Tell me about this demon dog.
That's why I wanna put her out of her misery.
So if you're gonna shoot me...
You're choosing to die 'cause I have no self-respect?
"""Any house with a filled in well is damned."
I think he looks like an evil little creamsicle.
It rots my flesh and summons my death.
He'd cut his wrists.
"Panama likes it slutty, but Myanmar likes to keep it classy."
We Need To Remove Your Eye.
"Well-dressed, but out of style. Arrogant and proud."
She hates you.
Are you threatening to kill me?
"'Bloody hell, Virrid,' said one of the wizards nearby, 'that was a good one.'"
You got a wife who's a piece of ass. At least she was when you married her.
"That may be, but he won't debate you because you call him a little bitch."
Nothin' but a damn fangbanger.
Mostly they just suck your blood.
Cut this shit out? What makes you the Mayor ofthis block?
Our hearts fucking leap with joy.
"For all of your hustle and bustle and bullshit, the one thing that you always were was honorable, in a very real way."
You'll be sorry till I forgive you or till you stop doing stupid things.
If I was friends with everyone because they're nice I'd have Noah's fucking Ark in my phone book.
How about they catch me with my hands around your neck?
We'll fight him wherever he is.
"Let go, shit!"
"When you're running, your behind makes indecent moves."
And I think she buried the crap in my backyard.
"""Pardon me, that was an idiotic thing to ask . . . now."""
That's the fuck I'm talkin' about!
"And I'm asking you guys as my friends to not be so damn awkward around my stripper girlfriend, just 'cause she's a stripper."
Hello... ...lster Gay.
"I lost him, I lost my biggest fucking client. The man I made. He fires me?"
About the security of your shit.
"""Sucker."" I didn't say nothin'."
One day a group of foolish boys had the idea to throw stones at French soldiers passing by.
"I guarantee you'd see a sailboat, an ocean... ..and maybe some big-tittedmermaids doin' lesbian shit."
I don't need the whole world thinking I'm a lunatic.
My mother had an ass that could pull a bus.
I'll make certain that they both live long enough To know the chewy taste Of their own intestines.
Did he say penis gobblers?
You put my face on a 10-foot dick over Santa Monica Boulevard.
"Stupid, adorable puppies. Welcome to awesomeland, Where the only thing to fear is fun itself."
I was in my compartment when the darnedest thing happened.
Don't you ever pull a gun on me.
Is your life about $1.50 surcharges... playing bitch-boy to every Simon and Grant Liberty?
Get your ass out of that strip club and go there.
"""I broke a leg playing ball once -- damned if I bounced back that fast."
Sex. ♪
"""-coming out to kill, melting back into the walls and just disappearing."""
Cancer of the... testicles.
A sick one.
Someone has to tell you when you've bought a pair of disgusting shoes.
"Hey, any balls down there?"
"Actually, he said you were the worst kisser ever."
I want it to explode out of you when he notices that you are there.
Did you give me that book so I'd want to have sex with you? No.
You can't miss with them any way you shoots them.
"Hey, where the hell you going?"
They were being fired upon by snipers who shoot them one by one many with a bullet to the head
"I mean, seriously, guys, should school suck?"
"In one moment, she seems perfectly cogent. The next... ...she speaks nonsense."
You've been waitin' 18 fuckin' years.
"Well, lock 'em in a room somewhere, so if they started acting funny, they wouldn't hurt anybody. You bastard!"
I had sex with Jessica. ( grunts )
"So, inside this box, I figured maybe cash, maybe a set of pearl-handled pistolas. Hell, maybe some damn fine presidential-grade hashish."
I bought you some fags.
He said our generation should just disappear.
What the hell is that thing?
He'll drown.
"Tell me, you wouldn't happen to know an eight-letter word for ""arrogant,"" would you?"
Fuck me you can't cook!
"You know, I thought he was a loser before he started dating Haddie."
"if you refuse this offer... ...you will be the most ungrateful,wicked girl... ...and the angels will weep for you!"
Vaughan's semen must be very salty.
Why don't you give him her bloody phone number?
The little schmuck is half an hour late.
"That was some pretty harsh shit with the old guy back there, right?"
Life sucks.
"That is why this human is to be feared, why he must be destroyed."
"'Cause if you pull that trigger, Sal- if you pull that trigger, it's all fucking over, and you know it."
I am sick of hearing your whiney-ass excuses!
"I am busting my ass to give our son the best, so if we're falling short, it's not because of me."
"Oh, I miss him too, the big fat dickens."
Come to think of it I've had so much ass
Don't you pretend to give a shit if I live or die.
"I told you, I'll blow your man later, innit."
"You listen to me, you little fuck!"
"He got taller, and I got boobs."
"No, you ain't leaving here until you give me back my damn ring."
Ain't nobody fucking helping me!
"He who took your lives is now but ashes, and your blood is avenged."
"My fucking batteries! - No, you muppet! Give me the phone!"
What shit have you pulled?
She's going to dump me!
"Oh, Miss Daisy, Lord knows you ain't no fool!"
Feel like I'm digging my own fucking grave here.
I hit them all when the cowboys come to town.
"You see, the first war didn't change nothing for the Negro."
I'm sorry I was a bitch on the plane. Huh?
You wrote a fucking bible for these people?
"""maybe killing Tom is a really bad idea""?"
"Jeez, who do I gotta fuck to get those kind of tickets?"
"Well, I saw the one guy, the dumb one... ...he had his name spelledout on his belt."
"Fucking Scott, Dad."
Did you finger her twat?
I will have you removed.
I'm gonna put it in your nose.
"“This place stinks,” he said."
"Back home, they call me... the Pussyman."
"Did I chain your butt up to this tree, huh?"
He's nothing like that old drunk king.
He's probably screwed and figures bluffing is his best bet.
Fucking get out of here before I do something we're both gonna regret.
"Ok, shut down all exterior operations. Get your asses in there and find him. Go, go, go."
"We can't just fucking show up at this house, Marisol!"
"Your old nemesis is a very dangerous human being, cúuck."
I'll break your neck!
Fucking Christ.
"""You lie!"" he hissed."
"A girl who went to a drug party, ate the most pot I have ever seen, danced like a drunk wizard and made out with a hobo?"
Is he worth a damn?
Richard's acting like a spoiled child.
"I would watch your tongue, skeleton."
"Damn, where's the booster?"
It is used to relieve menopausal symptoms in the vagina such as dryness or irritation.
"Yeah, I favor the fucking sound of that."
"And, you know, also maybe not have sex with his wife?"
"""Dear Dr. Brown... on the night that I go back in time... you will be... shot by terrorists."
"Thank you so much, Lou, for fucking my boyfriend. - I don't mean it like..."
"I heard the words, 'they're all dead metal lamb'."
You'll just have to lay still and... let me play with your insides.
"You better just step the fuck away, you wanna see fucking crazy!"
"Otherwise, I'd be forced to believe that he was too much of a coward to face me in person."
"Oh, he just had stupid pneumonia."
"You're fucking dead, d'You hear?"
We think Chuck could have FULCRUM programming in his brain.
We're selling them nuclear horse piss... ...for 6 bucks a can.
That ugly cake of yours still tasted good.
"In fact, I am having sex right now too. Yes, I am!"
What the fuck else did you want?!
The doctor said those pills I'm taking are making my dick not work.
"Later at night, That bastard, Mr. Bachelor, should we beat him up later on? Who are we, after all!"
Strike them all dead!
I could have screwed a cow!
"Still we are Unhomed, lost in the labyrinth of a foolish dream."
"Goddamn it, I'm getting too old for this."
New county commissioner give Merrick a statement... mitigating us into an ass-fucking.
Just give me the shot.
You think she's a freak.
It's nothing but... a scrawny little sparrow with a beak full of soot.
"If you're so miserable, why don't you take your Horga'hn and go find some company?"
"Louis, Louis, that's him, the guy who paid me to talk dirty to you."
"Uh, they're pretty screwed. But don't worry. Me and Paco can still escape."
( women chatting ) ( pigs squealing )
The Omega chis can suck it!
JOE: Fuckin' weird.
What they need to make are bulletproof condoms... ...big enough to fit your big head.
Now! Just get rid of him quick.
You want me to rat? Is that it?
"I am busting my ass at med school so that one day I can take an oath that says, ""First do no harm."""
"Man is a puny, lonely thing."
Fuck.
"You were gonna spill your guts, so they killed your daughter."
I don't give a shit what you think about me.
You don't even know if you give a shit about the things you used to care about anymore.
"Ah, don't worry. Nothing like the threat of anal rape to toughen you up."
I hate all wretched people!
And then my husband arrived and killed us both.
He's either a bad professor or a poor liar.
"Cuff links, tie clip, anal micro-manager."
Someone hit you with a pretty stick.
"Flynn, do you hear that Code Red or am I losing my shit?"
Can't believe you listen to that bullshit.
The only way to win a war is to be just as nasty as the enemy.
I don't even know who the fuck you are.
It doesn't even fucking work!
"You never used to say the word ""fucking""."
She covered her face with her hands and sat quite silly.
"Well, I'll bury my foot in your Say it."
"I'm 33 years old, and my life is a fucking boat-wreck."
"And he was like, ""Lick my fucking boots!""."
Don't sleep with all those girls 'cause then they come at me.
"See, even Momo thinks it's a piece of junk."
If he doesn't shut up... Argh! None of you eat tonight.
Those traitors are no longer my men.
Not a damn thing.
I think that fellow is going to make Lucien say things in French my mama would spank him for.
"The right guy, he's out there. I'm just not gonna go kiss a whole bunch of losers... to get to him."
"If they knew, I'd be a dead man."
This is all your goddamn fault!
We fuckin' lost our baseball game.
I regret I have killed your pigeon.
"He may be an old, limp cock, tottering his way to the grave but there is a warrior in your pappy yet."
You're in here screwing some guy. I'm supposed to ignore it?
Get the fuck down.
"You won, or you were a loser."
The man snarled a series of curses and said that he would kill whoever tried to come in.
"Well, I'm sorry you were so miserable on our honeymoon!"
Fucking Christ.
The only thing that's really changed is now I need a daily rape shower.
"Extracting data from SIM card. "" Shit!"
"Fuck. Last time, I got 20 bucks."
What the hell did you just cast?
Slap the ground!
"First, we bag your hair, saliva and blood."
You tell young Vallon. I'm going to paint Paradise Square with his blood.
Don't tell me to fuckin' relax !
So what's this crap about an informant?
"You, my grandson, get me an overdose."
What the hell's going on?
Traffic sucked.
linkin park xxx akon amnesia ibiza wwe basshunter bb8 big brother sex scenes hentai orgasm hanah montana 2girls1cup jonas brothers enrique iglesias kama sutra nude sexy girls pamela anderson sex video power rangers mistic forse
We're just... we're not gonna be able to clean this shit up in four hours.
"And if I can't fucking erase this film, I'm gonna fucking smash this camera."
"Instead of bacon bits, bacon tits."
"It was in the 4 or 5 then the 5, holy crap!"
Get the fuck outta the car!
In the same way the Precogs predicted your John Doe would kill her.
"Some asshole thought it would be a good idea to have this meeting... ... at Joe Barbara 's farm, up in the country, nice and quiet."
"And then you get cancer... And then the fucking doctors and the hospitals, they can get rich."
Random thoughts wavered in his schizophrenic doggy mind.
"It seems like the great General Chow is not only a killer, but a slanderer too!"
"Two kinds of balls, huh?"
"That's because they are rat droppings,man."
You think my mother gives a shit?
You were laughing like an idiot and all the time I was looking for my pants.
"Like orange soda, some shit like that?"
We met in a garbage bin and you wanted to eat me.
"You did inform us but only after they left, because you did it in collusion with them bastards!"
"And so, a quiet, humble, respectable Negro who has had the unmitigated temerity to feel sorry for a white woman has had to put his word against two white people's."
One of your crazy hallucinatory friends?
Get the fuck out of here!
Exactly. You want him to feel like a piece of crap?
"Well, I saw the one guy, the dumb one he had his name spelled out on his belt."
"Why does Ava's memory bother you, Marly? The girl's ass being beaten."
Let him starve.
He might cut off your fingers.
"She said if I came near her, she would break the bottle and cut me."
I guess it's kinda nice you're such a bad ass.
Someone's killing the ticket sellers.
Mom! Bring dad with you there. He's gone crazy!
"I'm screwing you, long and hard!"
It's not doing your head any good and it's fucking not doing mine any good either.
Do not be so damn nice to me.
"You're not just an Indian, you're Kicking Wing."
20 bucks if we jam that little sword through Carl's tongue.
I'm sick of listening to your crap about soybeans and Zen foods.
If I thought you gave a crap about her.
I drive a motherfucking Honda that my sister sold me.
Felt like they needed to kill those women to save their marriage?
"I was a shitty math student and froze up almost completely in classes like English, where you were supposed to talk, but I was always on good terms with the school computers."
"Straight up the road, there's a concrete fucking bunker called Beverly Hills!"
"What, let me guess, you told your little whore of a friend that she should tell her daddy on me."
A fool's wager.
"Right, no, I'm just, I'm just trying to figure out why a guy who grew up 300 miles away from me cares so much about a scumbag drug-dealing murderer, uh, from South America."
"The mood rings are fun, but I have never heard a kid complain that there's too much silly string at his birthday party."
"Leave me the fuck alone."""
Stop acting like a crazy colt and get a hold of yourself.
Use his leg!
You haven't stopped shit!
Who the hell doyou think you're talking to?!
Hurry up with the damn helicopter!
"Oh, Susan, Edie may be trash, but she's still a human being."
Why don't you just cut it out of him.
"Damn, now I have to come."
This cafeteria is hereby declared a Bitch-Free Zone.
Pooch. we all know we're gonna die in there.
He's a witch.
"Four kilos of penne, bitch!"
Where are my goddamn hostages?
Maybe some whipping.
A guy that knows when a menu sucks.
That awful dog.
Such a perfect woman: Pretty and dumb.
"Yeah, but it stinks like you."
"Nathan: People of the court, these guys are total dildos."
"That son of yours refuses to give you food, but that swine makes you carry such a heavy load."
Banana. His teeth are gonna rot out of his head.
"What are you doing to me... with your big, fat, hard--"
"Shit, haven't heard that name in a while,"" Clark replied at once."
What the hell happened to you?
"What the fuck's wrong With you, hank?"
"Well, because we need more lawyers like we need more big, white Moby Dicks."
Old Warren was just jelly.
"If one of them dies the other dies, too."
"Judging by that, your old man's kung fu stinks."
You stupid son of a...
He's gonna be dead in six hours.
"""It was a Class Four sonic grenade, probably air-tube launched,"" she informed his appalling ignorance."
And live like human beings again instead of like rats?
"""take your own fucking precautions you're fairly treated."
Give him a goddamn gun.
Dresses like a spider He looks like a bug
"I'm talking to Noreen... and this clown, whose business this isn't."
What the hell are we gonna do now?
"What the hell did she see in you, eh?"
Who stared at my face and thought that I'm the product of if a menorah fucked Natalie Imbruglia?
The three could Journalists Dag Svensson demonstrate -- that you have bought sex from.
Can you not shoot me this time?
"Shut up, Oz."
She'd tell me not to be such a stubborn bastard.
"I heard about the race between Dogg and Smoke, and you Strayz got your ass whipped."
"Lobster thermidor is coming up, and I am going to have to murder and dismember a crustacean."
Prominent public figures being murdered and eaten.
"But we just can't issue any statement, until we know what the damn thing is and whether our Chinese friends are behind it."""
She's got that baby wrapped around her uterus.
What do we do? You die.
But if I ever find you in my apartment again... I'm gonna have you thrown out of the building.
"Hey, lady, you wanna fuck?"
Cut him off!
Van Parys wants to shag her. Can't you see?
I don't know what I fucking believe!
"Oh, shit!"
What did I fucking say?
You would be better off if I were dead.
"""They should be put out of their misery!"
Will you fucking play...?
You don't know what high school is like for a loser like me.
Get the fuck away from him!
A B-52 just crashed right on our Goddamned hill.
"I said fucking knock, right?"
He's a sickler.
"You might be a shuck-faced slinthead, but you ain’t evil.”"
"I think I know why Nigga, you's a window shopper"
"Damn, can you imagine being married to someone for 40 years?"
Eh? Even your telegram sounded shit-scared.
"You just, you gotta stop screwing around. I don't wanna be the future of this hospital if you're not with me. OK?"
"It was a blob of protoplasm on a stick; it was a scarred hulk, and there was no real reason why it should be living and moving about."
Stop following me like some mongrel.
"Sometimes you make me wanna puke, Ratso."
I'll have your leg!
How the hell did you get here anyway?
We'll find out for goddamn sure what he knows and what he don't.
I can't handle the fucking meds.
"Yeah, it's a gold mine, Dick."
"There's 1 0,000 in it for you if you don't fuck it up."
"I...l dunno. I thought we'd be smashing some stuff up or putting some boxing gloves on, taking turns beating the shit out of each other."
Are you fucking kidding me?
D. D is for dumbness and despair and desertion.
"Listen, guys, I think you're all a bit too fat."
"That may be the case, or it may be otherwise; and if in truth the ass did not dance that evening, there nevertheless happened then greater and rarer wonders than the dancing of an ass would have been."
You came for a proper feed of meat and vegetables and you're going to fucking well have it.
Bring your bucket of fat.
What the hell's goin' on here?
"He misses the plane, they black out the windows... ...and they have sex for days and days and days like there's no tomorrow, whoa."
"Here, eat and shut up!"
"What the hell's this about, Rigby?"
"There were three of 'em, all eight balls."
He's the most pigheaded man I've ever met.
"No major magazine should be able to get away with this crap, and nobody even raises an eyebrow."
I shouldn't have taken you to that porn party.
"First, drain your toilet."
"All her rebellion, deceit, folly, dirty-mindedness... has been turned out of her."
"You need a Cuban guide, fool."
What'd you do - cremate the fuckin' thing?
So obnoxious...
You're going to starve.
I was on top of him. And... and he was screaming bloody murder.
Clearly she's a jealous young lass with a broken heart.
"Once women wrap their thighs in sandpaper, you can't stop them."
He is so handsome... ...I would drink his tenderness from a pig's trough.
"And no, I didn't tell the other guys, only because they'd flip the fuck out."
The reason you never notice your blind spot Is because your brain is great
"No, this is about a book. And you wanna talk about red-tape bullshit? Let's talk about how fast I could have you fired for turning your classroom over to non-certified personnel while you went off to play your 20/20 bit with this kid."
I think he's much sicker than that woman says.
"Leeches all, believe me."
It's her brain.
Dirty... Nature... Double...
Blood ran from his bald head.
But we went 10 years in the fuckin' future.
"I said, ""Motherfucker, are you threatening me?"
Because he needs my ass.
"Hey, man, I'm so sorry for kicking your ass."
Then you are lucky I don't kill you smiley.
"I didn't go there to kill her, Zee."
I worry about that every damn day of my life.
You should've killed them all the day you saved Shik-joong. one survivor can come back to kill you.
He's a fake.
"God, Mom, gross."
"Damn it, took Daisy's pants."
You can't be fucking serious.
We cremated their remains.
You may think I'm silly.
I can assure you there's no way I can kill Klaus from beneath them.
Flashlight. It was a dumb prank.
"You'il die, but they'il get... statistics they can publish in The New England Journal of Medicine."
He's probably a sadist who's getting immense pleasure from his victims' suffering.
"Yes, I'd kill you."
"Oh, you always were disgustingly sentimental."
"Got you, fucker."
"Rose, they put it in my pocket. - Shut up."
Fuck me! as is a winged messenger of... heaven.
Now piss off.
"I hoped you would cry out in your sleep, so I could bite off your head."
"Nelson, shut up for a second."
Now they want us to fuck off home.
"Who? - Mr. Lizewski, he's Kick-Ass' dad."
You think you can play me the fool?
I screwed up.
"Surely everyone knows - even ""ignorant peasants"" like myself -that the creature is only a character in a story by a clever Englishman, written at the turn of the century?"
"Er, and we had Edward the Confessor. What the fuck did he do?"
"Thank you, DJ Ken, and we're going to play you a sick tune that's going to make all you bros and all you teenage hos just lose your shit on the floor."
"It was composed of slime and mold and rotting carcasses, a pebbled and cracked and lumpy and pock-marked face, dark and mottled, riddled with pustules, maggot-rich, with vile brown foam dripping from its ragged and decaying nostrils."
"We stole his safe, gave him back all that legal shit."
"Then he turned the gun on you, and you shot him."
"Look me in the eye, Gods damn it."
"How the hell can you keep a conspiracy going... ...between the mob, CIA, FBl, Army Intelligence and who knows what else... ...when you can't keep a secret in this room between 12 people?"
"But if you feel like you're ready, then get your ass back in the field."
"He may have the stink of America on him, but I assure you he's Canadian... 100%."
"Come on, pussy."
Girls are very confusing.
I saw you shoot it.
"Disneyland is the happiest place on earth... For teenagers to jizz all over each other's young, Aryan hands."
You're the one who's all anal about getting two sources.
"You really are a reckless girl... ..to dance with a stranger with a mask, with a murderer in our midst."
"Cool how we think alike, and junk. Yeah."
Rob literally broke up with her three weeks before we were supposed... To come out here and Natalie had to drag her ass onto the airplane.
You have a lunatic grin whenever you talk about Hoba.
It's the best I can do for now... ...so let's all try and keep our shitoff the floor.
"I will grow to hate you, and be able to put an end to this love."
Thinks he's criminal fucking royalty.
How the hell's a guy get that big?
A traitor with a radio who told the enemy exactly where to look in that impenetrable jungle that was Tam Quan.
Does that sound silly?
"No, no, you fuck!"
What the hell are those things?
a paralytic old man...
"Look, man, I had to have six men lift my ass up into my mother's minivan just to come here."
"She justcalled her dad ""dicksplash""."
I don't want your fucking life story.
You're bullshitting me?
It was pretty freaky shit.
"Kid, what the hell are you trying to do?"
"Less like ass than the A positive, but more like ass than the B negative."
We kissed romance goodbye when you started jacking off into a cup weekly.
"My dad, he wouldn't let them put one up his ass, and now he's dead."
Not the bastard son of Jenny Fields?
"""Because I like to kill up close and personal."
"""Shut up and listen,"" he rasped."
"You like that shit, baby?"
This bag is your number fucking one priority.
"Mr. Mayor, if we don't organize a huntthe beasts will slaughter us all."
I wish I was shitting my pants.
That's your damn job.
"You will, too, if you kill the fatah interview."
"Yeah, well, doesn't really matter, he can hit on her all he wants."
"I was coming in with him to establish order, claim the place for the family again, then welcome her back with a lot of pomp and crap."
Get that jackass off the field.
So she broke your sex tape down like it was game film?
"Oh, Johnny, I'd be such a fool if I didn't."
He comes to kill my heart.
The dog was a little crazy on the subject.
Throw me the gun!
They were on their way to die.
"Dad, if you're gonna make fat jokes till I get cute again... I'm just gonna stay in my room!"
Just get the damn jet.
"The U.S. propped up dictatorships, had a poor civil rights record, we sucked at women's gymnastics."
My brother took a bullet in his chest... ...are you sure the same blood runs through your veins?
His executions always involve some sexual element.
"I have a diseased mind."""
Show them some balls.
I traded in that shit box For a new one.
Lipids!
You know what that poor son of a bitch was?
The sheriff must be a cat person.
Darn it. I'm sure they could have used my expertise.
"But beware, if I ever see any Rajadi around my Leela, then you will pay for it with your blood."
'Cause you're gonna die alone.
Now stay the fuck out of my business.
'Cause you don't even fucking know me.
Gribbs is 70 years old and he'il die in prison.
"I've drunk more beer, pissed more blood, banged more quiff, busted more... ...than all you numb-nuts put together."
And it is my job to execute them.
Take her alive.
leaving. Lady... what the hell?
"Her name is Kirresha, and she's got more heart in one ass cheek than you do in your entire body."
"Shut up, my money!"
This place licks balls compared to the Quick Stop.
"What would he do, beat her up?"
You can't fuck him.
"I don't give a shit about you, but Clare I care about."
"You've got a gun on me, Jack."
I wonder which corrupt baby-kisser they're sending us this time?
Just shut it.
"Go Crowe, get the fuck out of here."
"He disarmed me, held me at gunpoint then he stole our damn ride."
"Then, once he's learned all the secrets, he kills his teacher, and‑"""
"Nigga, you the one set up Levar, nigga!"
"You know, not for nothing, but if you hadn't clipped Ledoux back then, we might have got the whole fucking story out of him."
That's my friend and editor Lucy Spiller having sex.
I tried to kill Rose.
Our fucking friends--
He's the fuckin' governor--
"I know I'm late, but I feel like I've been through an emotional meat grinder. That bastard Lucas..."
"All this white-black turmoil is trivial on this planet, no matter how important it was on Earth."
"I told the cops you had no one to take the fuck care of you, so they set it up with Mrs. Santa's sister watching you till your dad gets back in one year and three months."
"To get milk, you pagan."
"You know, they reinstated her after the damn explosion with a huge promotion."
"Good morning, you mongrels!"
Let us now make sure this barrier is completely idiot-proof. - Cletus.
"All right, look, uh-- Why don't you have a nice nap... and we'il shoot around you for a little while."
He still a maniac? And you?
Your stupidity was trivial
This guyjust climbed up the fucking wall.
Shut up! I'm trying to save your life.
"Oh, crap, he's getting on his bike."
You got to help me get laid! I've never had sex!
"Your water didn't break?"" ""No."" ""Your vagina's not dilated?"" ""No."""
"Roschmann had many of the women, children and elderly... ... exterminated on arrival."
"Scumbag, what are you doing ?"
Gimme the book. Fuck!
Ah! I can smell Elijah's blood on you.
We'll find you another hot little blood bag.
I would know if I were killing people.
Rene and whatever the hell that was that attacked me last night.
No wonder your wife is having sex with the water guy. - Shut the hell up.
"And that is, somebody wants them dead."
"You really don't know shit, do you?"
Like killing your parents before you were born. Just to make sure that you never exist.
"The stupidest Thull in the world will know what's going on if he sees a forest of ship masts coming down the river toward him."""
I am so tired of you two lyingabout steven just so you can humiliate me.
"So, in your opinion we will not get a Pig through the wall?"
Crap eleven or any seven this time.
Nail 'em!
"And what the fuck did your instincts tell you, Bob?"
Don't you know how to hide shit? Wasn't mine.
"When it came to the brain, the leeches, ugly as they were, were certainly preferable to the next step, which was trepanning."
I thought you'd come to kill me for something I'd done in the old days.
"Did you know that bald eagles are known to engage in a bizarre mating ritual where two eagles fly upwards, lock talons, then fall towards the earth while rotating, separating moments before they crash into the ground, if, and only if, they consummate their bird fuck?"
But the goddamned politicians will probably ask me to clean it up!
"Christie, get down on your knees... so Sabrina can see your asshole."
It's the witch's fault - !
"Would you want to know you were gonna die, or live your final days in ignorance?"
"You can fool yourself for just so long, and then your next reinvention better have your damn feet on the ground."
Help me hunt down every strain of virus Within this company and destroy them.
Don't forget to buy your Jeez-Ass t-shirts and lunch boxes.
"Shit, it could be."
You'il be playing your one-man show... ...nightly for the next two fucking years!
He knew all about the nasty-fuckers and the things they did.
It's not a stormtrooper! Crap!
"Once they are sure that you murdered someone, you will be arrested, judged, and executed by firing squad.”"
Without you we'd be slaughtered before we even reach their shores.
"You look so cute."" Damn it."
Get off of me!
Our family's so screwed up.
She's just gonna wind up getting a huge hospital bill with a fucking ambulance.
Perfect. I'll balance on the exact fucking edge of your emotional razor.
Give Maria's tits some time to work their magic.
"Here, use your big mouth on that."
This place is disgusting.
Rat poison. He's lucky.
The pig is eating my body!
"Look around this fire - there's you, and let's face it, a certain type of uncultured, trashy woman couldn't resist you."
"Oh, you are welcome, sweet tits."
"He better win, O'Reily, or you're up shit's creek with no paddle."
We'il throw him out the window.
"Bloody hell, I just realized, you need a wand, don't you?"
So drink a drink and shut up.
"""You're not a lover,"" she said. ""You're an ogre. """
You pompous little Dominar of Nothing...
Then her panties are gonna drop. Silky and smooth like butter. That's my guy.
There is no greater power than your stench.
"They couldn't talk, they could only gag on their own vomit."
There are some sick people...
Hurts your fucking eyes.
"If you sell $10,000 worth of this stock, I will personally give you a blowjob for free."
"Weather guys are like psychics, man."
Does Anne have a frigging army now?
That monkey has our address.
"Cartman, what the hell are you doing?"
I won't let them jerk me off.
So just have sex with Linda.
"No, it was just a stupid false alarm. I..."
"Okay? Shit, you should've seen him."
I only shit on your face once.
"He killed my brother, and for that he's gonna pay."
You selling the pot-bellied pig?
Looks like our mummy cooked up some crap before blowing himself up.
They usually leave a lot of crap behind.
"""Covering your ass at my expense, Nancy?"""
"Damn, I don't remember prison being this scary back in the day."
"This witch could destroy him with a word, and in the end still force him to give her his bloodline."
All that concerns me is that the government does not fall because of your disgusting little sin!
And you wanna talk about red-tape bullshit? Let's talk about how fast I could have you fired for turning your classroom over to non-certified personnel while you went off to play your 20/20 bit with this kid.
"Stupid thing and have to start thinking about your security protocols, do not you think?"
"And I know that as soon as ""Desperate Housewives"" hit number one, he left you for that schmuck over at William Morris."
You goddamn right this ain't Amistad.
And always with that same awful girl.
Fuckin' buy it all back!
"That movie sucked, bro."
"""Yeah, it's a real bitch."
"Explain that. Tell me why you'd be depressed... if you were perfectly healthy, but had to go through life without balls."
That's damn good.
"What do you mean, ""damned""?"
"Apparently some sicko drugged him in the park, gave him a nasty ear infection."
That fool writer never even talked to me.
What kind of a dumb name is that?
You're fucking grounded until you get her back!
I don't want those animals fucking me!
What the hell are we waiting for?
You screwing her?
Has drunk the blood of his own mother.
Oh my god this is so dirty!
Touch me one more time and you'll be lying there next to her!
End of story. Shut it.
"Damn it, I'm going to jail."
I'm gonna drive the probe through your brain to the axonal cluster and neutralize it.
Even the insolent senator Gracchus was silent as a mouse.
"Someone's going berserk at the courthouse, shooting everybody up!"
I can be a good liar for you.
"Murgos are notoriously untrustworthy, and all Urgas are quite mad, you know."""
"""I'm tired of breathing male body odor."""
"Call's hands had trembled with suppressed fury, and he had spoken of 'taking his vengeance' and killing every Varlish in Black Mountain."
Don't you die on me.
When he beat the shit out of that guy... ...I told the class how tough my father was.
"Heaven on earth is to be found on their breasts, and the moon shines on their mound."
Shut it off.
"For weeks, dammit, for weeks."
"Now, the kid says that the only way to kill Leviathan is with a bone washed in the three bloods of the fallen."
This is not a dumb disguise.
"Ernie, dump him in a cab."
Get the fuck out of here and go back to Mississippi.
I will blame myself until I die.
"I finally meet the perfect guy, and he's afraid to have sex with me."
"I'll tell you, the last couple of weeks I fuck and I fuck and I can't get any relief."
I'm not gonna be the pathetic single friend getting introduced to some dentist.
Two shots to the skull.
"It's just that classes are so hard, and all the kids treat me like I'm a goof."
Hulk agree to second date with puny humans!
"There is snow at the higher elevations, but just grey slush down here, which is indistinguishable from the grey cobblestones until you step on it and fall down on your ass."
Like in the swimming pool and shit.
In case my sister's boyfriend finds out. He's an animal.
You want a shot?
"As long as I get to ejaculate, who cares!"
I'll do whatever you want. I'm putty.
Damn! Is that what you're pissed off about?
Do you think that you could allow me to stay in your garage while I figure out what the fuck I'm doing with my life?
Why don't we cut it as soon as it gets dark and then piss off?
They're some sort of prehistoric parasite... ...that thawed in the ice inside the mammoth.
How much does the bastard know about it?
"Hey listen, I think they're probably dead by now."
"Abu, what are you--crazy?"
"""I will suck you off right now if you give me this job."""
The hell?
If you have such a suspicious mind...
Blow a hole in you the size of a basketball close in.
Why was this lunatic allowed bail?
"Look at the fuckin' mess you made, huh?"
"Oh, no, no, don’t bury me alive, please,"
"Training eventually meant pride, because with training came confidence, the sure knowledge that you were the baddest motherfucker in the Valley of the Shadow of Death, and you didn't have to fear no evil at all."
"Now, with this... JOHN: now that you're down... ...I'd get ready for one of those... ...Class-A, New York-style pigfucks."
"""She had the hole inside her mouth, too, and was a weak sucker, she choked and cried, but she was getting enough, she was. ..."""
enrique iglesias sex scenes power rangers mistic forse pamela anderson sex video sexy girls basshunter amnesia ibiza bb8 big brother 2girls1cup hanah montana orgasm hentai akon wwe kama sutra nude linkin park xxx jonas brothers
"I was afraid you'd fire her, we'd be up shit creek!"
"MARTIN: You may be thrilled, but I'm fucked."
I will never rob another motherfucker again.
"But hopefully, Mia, you haven't just married one of those gays that's in denial for years and then you come home and find him in bed shagging another man."
That was the troll version of blowing a kiss!
You choose. Shall I shoot you in the hand or foot?
Paris is the rudeness capital of the world.
What the hell would...
Burn in hell.
All I'm worried about is how to spend the rest of my days after I've driven every last bastard demon back to where it belongs.
"Good heavens, Winston, you're paranoid!"
I'm wondering if someone's been whispering in her ear Like a little shit bird.
"Yo, it's bitches in here doing 15 years for lettin' their boyfriends do deals in the kitchen 'cause they was afraid of getting beat if they said no."
Anyone who says they know what I’ll do next is full of shit ’cause even I don’t know what I’ll do next.
Who the hell are you?
Damn it. I hate when they do that.
By trying with a lady with the cramps and the guy with the fucked-up feet.
"Don't be so nasty, Daisy."
You hoodlums.
Good. Now all you have to do is puncture the balloon.
"He told me that when he wets the bed, your husband knocks the crap out of you?"
"Got a better fucking idea, barbie?"
"""And the life of the ebony clock went out ""with that of the last of the gay."
Kick with your legs!
"Maybe he started thinking he was some kind of big shot... instead of a shit-kicker's son, like us."
"Damn it, no."
It is an idiocy to kill Single servant of the house.
"Brad was a sap, you weren't."
"Fuck, you're sexy."
"Our listeners will be surprised to learn that you're a very soft-spoken young man, Killer."
What the hell was Frank talkin' about?
The Irish. Stubborn and willful. Willful and stubborn.
"No, you're enabling somebody with a mental problem."
"If he dies, he dies."
"Exactly, ugly and mean!"
He deserves to be miserable?
"Fuck! - Oh, shit, that hurts, huh?"
"No, the damn cops did this."
And they already talking trash.
What use are you to my team if you can't even kill a dog?
"Enter Mr. Reinfield's death squad, right?"
I want some shit to play with.
"This disease won't let me take a compliment unless it comes from, like, I don't know, a muscley, tattooed Latino man."
"But what we didn't see coming was all these lunatics with leftover AK-47s and education in kitchen chemistry, or simply a willingness to trade their own lives for those of their perceived enemies."
"Well, it would be stupid if it tasted like bourbon."
"No, I'll tell you where the fuck you are."
But the retards like picking nuts.
"Yeah, I was expecting some scrawny little punk."
I'm supposed to get in your car and let you put your finger inside me.
The human hell.”
"It took me almost a full T-year to get the record straightened out, and half the delegates to last year's Astrophysics Conference at the Royal Society still seemed to think I was the one who'd written those asinine press releases!"""
We got stopped last night by some crazy naked guys with guns.
"Well, maybe if we got better cupcakes.... Magnolia and shit -- the red velvet ones they got."
"""He was a fool to think you could survive alone."
You need to get the fuck away from me!
"Coffee-buzzing, bump-in-the-night crap."
"Jesus, are you insane?"
"I killed people with my powers, okay?"
"And Dennis Kelly, she knew, would make damn sure everything in his past was well and truly dead and buried."
And we try to recapture that feeling once a year with keep-your-shirts-on sex.
"Get out of here, you're gonna get killed."
This scum will be awake in a couple of hours.
Delilah Jane Haynes hung herself in the bathroom of the whorehouse.
"Oh, damn, I'm sorry. I have this thing-- I just start talking before I realize That I'm talking, and then-- - It's okay."
"""Each of my women can annihilate ten smaller neo-cymeks, sizzling their treacherous brains."""
"""That's a damned lie!"""
"Mine, before fucking he licks me for half an hour."
"Mr. O'Malley, I think youshould be the rear end."
Craig shouldn't have to see his kids only on weekends 'cause you got a big mouth.
Throw him in the ocean Then see if he is sad
I send junk quick-quick to China Cloud.
I micked him.
I'm just trying to make sure you don't look silly.
"Jesus! Dad, what the fuck!"
What the hell is wrong with you?
The secret is... to skin them first.
I'm making stupid money funneling stolen parts through my gig over at Sparks Brothers.
"Well, fuck it. If I have to help him I have to help."
Don't give me no shit.
You're an embarrassment!
Looked like she punched him in the stomach.
"""Christian hug,"" my ass."
I can't... This is stupid.
"As a Presbyterian, my father believed... ...that man, by nature,was a damn mess... ...and that only by picking upGod's rhythms... ...were we able to regain power and beauty."
Their shows got canceled 'cause no one wants to see a 50-year-old guy hitting on chicks.
I'm gonna pretend this happened to me later to try and get some sympathy sex.
"Laurel, Hardy, what the hell."
I didn't say shit.
"I'm going to get shat out by a crocodile on Tuesday, so, I get it."
"While he’(l been having so much fun following the deadhead dicks, this delusional woman had followed him, expecting to catch him in a conspiratorial meeting with Keanu Reeves."
"It's a military operation, and you don't know dick about that."
If you panic in that narrow goes everyone who supports you arrive dead.
That is absolutely ridiculous.
I'll get you thrown off this flight.
"I don't care where you go, I don't care what you do... but I'll find you and break you."
"Oh, shit. Turn on channel three."
Two jerks.
"Dude, I can't get the smell of puke out of my bathing suit."
So how'd you bump your noggin?
He'll be back in a few years with a new suit and fat on his bones like any Yank.
"They're gonna hit him at the Capitol building, 1:00 today."
You must have some cast-iron cojones to ask me to open my checkbook after you stole from me.
"Riots might ensue, the police would be forced to hold back to some degree, and the neo-Nazis would become the violent angels of whites."
There isn't another soul on this fucking planet... who has ever made me half the person I am when I'm with you.
"They came in here, busted my house to shit."
He's more machine now than man... twisted and evil.
Are we doing such a bad job of trying to kill her?!
"FITCH: I was out of town yesterday, clinic in Portland."
"You've got stringbean legs. I want to bite them, I want to bite them!"
"That shit went out like a Scud missile! Oh, it hurts!"
Then he ordered the cartel to kill me. Because I knew what he did to John Teller.
"If you stole my ride, I was gonna have to hunt you down."
Useless conversation.
What would You-Know-Who want with a sod like Malfoy?
"They're the ones that leave their doors open with all their shit in there, so..."
"She was a wonderful woman, your grandma, but Queen Gunhilda said ""Fuck that."
I just named two of the most populated cities in the whole fucking country.
"If you do, dump a bucket of water on his head."
Middle of the damn day?
"Unlike Marshall, who just looks dead, stoned and cold."
So what the fuck Are you talking about?
"""How about a shot, Patrick?"" asked the doctor."
Who wants to kill me?
Shut up! Hands up and repeat after me.
But your firm knows sub-primes are crap.
What the hell are you talking to him for?
"By the way, your man lost his memory. Bloody useless."
"Yeah, can I punch him in the face?"
The idea of sitting down to write was almost as repugnant as the thought of breakfast.
This one's dead. Get off of me!
Why kill him?
"It best ""present"" fucking soon."
"""Knud, I don't want to listen to you anymore"". ...that’s what she fucking said..."
"This is for real, and your people don't have the least damned idea what they're fucking around with down there!"""
"I'm the one who's the ill-tempered brute, but he gets all the blame."
"Now, I need a little time to deal with this stinking Krilencu."
"They're your keys, asshole."
The tam-damn-ily.
A demon like me can't even get in there!
The dirtyman is back!
My gay boyfriend threw a fit?
I got a fucking P.O. box.
Clean this shit up.
"Well, xandir, like the grateful dead, You've gotten us into yet another stupid jam."
He who marries me will see yet more dreadful things. Burn the Wastelands!
That damned cinnamon in those gooseberry pies
I can't even sell the stupid thing.
"Not if, you know he's a witch."
"And God said, "" I sent you two big boats, you dummy."""
We damn near had his killer.
Are you totally crazy?
Thou Shalt Not Kill!
"Okay, give me a knife."
"And the whole time, you were just covering your ass! Hey."
"Shut up, Alan."
"I guarantee you, the more you hit this bastard... the slower he's gonna get."
So since you Cant shoot me ...
God... damn.
I'm getting jacked for a girl.
No shit he leaves a sign!
"Get me a blonde-hair white boy, so I can enjoy that shit."
I wanna have sex with her. I am not gonna wake up murdered tomorrow.
"Oh God Danny oh dear God oh sweet God your poor sweet arm; and Jack was standing there, stunned and stupid, trying to understand how a thing like this could have happened."
You're a condom girl.
And his mother surely would have known what to think about a high -- tit bitch like this one.
"""...where this junkie assholejust fried his baby in a microwave..."
Kind of a damn powerful.
I'm going to take that dog to the pound.
It's not fair for Hammond to pull me for this Snowfield crap.
"All right. ...but will somebodY tell me,somebodY please tell me, where else are You gonna have this much fucking fun?"
Too much champagne? Get that bastard out of my bed. He scares me.
I'm just also in love with your breasts.
You're shit.
We are here because white folks think they can do whatever they want to do to black folks.
Sorry about the soft cock.
"When I prepare a presentation, I don't prepare it to get a group of lunatics to come in and just say ""oh yes Pastor Ted, you're just so wonderful, I believe everything you say""."
The neighborhood we're talking about is 80% black.
You're the one that was jilted by your big bad Bloody voodoo gods. It's your lack
Hot little teachers are sexy.
You're a fucking shopkeeper's clerk.
"You might find him, if you get your crap together."
Mr Barrow's father was a shooting man.
"An elephant could take a shit in the back seat,"
Imagine whatthree goddamn nukes would do!
"He always called it by a girl's name, I told you it was like he was married to the fucking thing."
“If Harry or Ted reviewed my work and found that I’d made these stupid mistakes ...”
"In this, I fear it may be my sad duty to introduce to some readers for the first time the horrifying reality that there are a few sick, twisted, perverted individuals who approach members of the opposite sex in singles bars for purposes other than pleasant conversation!"
"John Doe, my ass."
"Cortez would jump down my throat if I tried to bother him now."""
You're the one that looks like you're burying a dead body.
"Those two chirurgeons could be replaced with any other two, and the King would still die this evening."
"Daniel has a small dick, too."
Get out of my fucking way!
"Rinse off the nazi plate, will you?"
He's the keyto this whole damn thing.
"Stay down, bitch.! Well, anyway, the guy you're looking for is right there."
"Great, so now every time I look at you, I'll remember you're the one that gave me the news that my life went back to full-on sucking?"
Benna had had the guts and the complete stupidity - to sneak into the underground maze of the mage on the river isle of Shugthee and to steal a jewel.
"Put me in a cage with this guy, I'd take him out two rounds, easy."
"Goddamn it, I got a man dying, sir!"
And I'm gonna make you... a pussycat.
Or maybe you'd like to tell me why my brother was tinkering with maybe the worst contagion this world has seen in his own damn lab?
Stefan called me a human blood bag.
Go easy now. Don't be creeping up and shit.
"OK, fuck it, I'll add Roger Federer as my ICE then, shall I?"
I'll finish you with one blow!
And now we're gonna lose our slice of the biggest fucking pie of all time.
Just in case any of those lesbians get crazy.
"I've already seen this movie, and this pizza sucks."
Tell him just how crazy.
I hate you all. especially me.
"Oh, don't think we don't do that shit."
'I don't think any human could survive you.
Enough horsepower to drive 110 pounds of mechanized death... ...from zero to holy crap in 4.8 seconds.
They passed up the river three days ahead of the very bad white man.
Disease is that eats men's brains.
"I want my T-Rex, shit!"
"You're such an ass. what are you- No, no, no."
Check this shit out.
You'il die in the graveyard before you get it.
They'll throw me under the bus first chance they get just to save your ass.
He's gonna fucking jump!
"Punch us out of here, Kaa."
Even your voice sounds fat.
They need to go back wherever the hell they came from.
"Drink your shot, go back to your boys, play quarters, whatever you frat boys do and I'll get out of your hair."
"I think your daddy was off to war and your mama left you alone, and you killed him."
"They got screwed and they want justice, but I'm not the guy who screwed them, so we need to convince them that I--"
Grab the fire extinguisher and bonk those dudes on the head.
What the hell was it?'
"And then when I found out about this psycho ex-boyfriend of hers... and the acid attack, perfect."
"If anybody boards him, he's gonna piss all over himself."
"You are the bullshit! - He's the guy from the campfire story-- Machete Phil, the kid with no dick."
"No. I would carry around a bucket so these guys could take a dump in it. They called me their ""little poo boy."""
Nazi ain't got no humanity.
What dog? - That mean-ass looking pit bull... ...that your mama and daddy brought out and piled into their van.
I hope that you and your penis have a very lovely night!
"if I light a cigar, I'll blow my lunch in your face."
"So, would you be so kind as to come up here and take a bow and get the fuck out of my gym?"""
That's a fucking lie.
I know I make you crazy.
"No, Dick, look, this is important."
Love is so damn fickle.
Hork waved fat fingers.
"Yeah. - You don't fucking get it, do you?"
"I'm saying that as your friend because, as your boss, I'm ready to fire your ass."
"April, you just had a crazy fight with your dead husband's mistress."
You hate women in top positions.
"Your skating hasa spongiform encephalopathy, bitch!"
"If you were younger, I'd tell you to have your tonsils taken out."
Strike it out if you find it useless.
"according to your testimony, Mr. Lombardo raped you -"
"""The common field cricket, a.k.a. Gryilus assimilis""... ...which is Latin for ""suck it, you lose."""
"We shoulda been, shit, ten steps ahead."
"The smoke of burning Roman dead is just as black, and the stink no less."
Straight women are so competitive... ...they'il use anythingyou say against you.
"Ever since we gave carbo one up the ass,"
He must be eradicated.
God damn it.
He's fucking there!
So you fucked up.
You are a wicked little boy.
"""Gunfire to loo'ard, sir!"""
You gonna beat my momma?
If it weren't for his damn get-rich-quick scheme If it weren't for his damn get-rich-quick scheme I'd still be with my wife and kid!
"Go do it, and stop bringing these silly problems to me."
"Shit! Dude, go to the hospital, man!"
Shit! I told Mara I'd take her to lunch!
Tell me where the fucking gun is.
How do you kill a man with a dinosaur?
"Ridiculous, it is about 100 feet deep to the bottom."
SauI'll die if you try anything.
"Now, what the fuck do you call that?"
You're a pain.
Lift it up high and aim for the throat.
hyphen
"You ain't gotta prove that to me, nigga."
That's a whole damn farm.
I can't believe we drove 20 miles all because you're too much of a wimp to go to our regular meeting.
THIRTY-ONE HOLLY PAUSED IN THE CORRIDOR.
"Gun it, let's go!"
"Clearly, some upstart witch is salvaging old tricks."
"Well, some men, no matter how smart, thought with their dicks...."
"Woe to you, living cadaver!"
I think I'd prefer dead.
"First, there's that crazy old woman with her small flat in the slum and the old KGB colonel..."
"Wow, Annie. How progressive of you to have a multicultural evil twin."
Ass-wipe!
"Don't worry about that slut, mate."
But black.
"Yeah, I got a lot of shit to do around here."
Cripes! Hurry up and get on my back!
"""darn it,woman!"" - said the redneck. ""ain't you never seen a goat before?"""
"Come on, a sly wank in front of Baywatch on a Saturday night is hardly a mortal sin."
"Shit, he could have told Dieffenbaker anything at those reunion picnics; they were nothing but liquor-smelling black holes in his memory, every one of them."
You'll find a way to destroy her. Unlikey...
"Chapman ain't got no strife in her life, but bitch gets the red carpet laid out for her."
Lawton can get his kill shot off from virtually anywhere.
If you are touched you'll be worthless.
He's trying to kill us.
"Pseudoscience, the paranormal, organized religion-- all the usual bollocks."
"I'd like to stand up here and be all inspiring and recovered and tell you I'm over it, but I miss it every fucking day, you know?"
Your girlfriend's shooting at me.
"He was big and black, or at least he looked black hi the light, but gaunt and he had a hungry look about him."
I'm gonna spread his ashes all over the fucking place.
"And if you go to jail with them knowing you're a rat, you'il be dead in a day."
The guy was worse than drunk.
"You want to get caught, want to fucking fry, go ahead, treat your friends this way."
hentai power rangers mistic forse linkin park enrique iglesias sex scenes kama sutra nude bb8 big brother wwe orgasm amnesia ibiza basshunter 2girls1cup hanah montana sexy girls pamela anderson sex video jonas brothers xxx akon
Either one of us showing up after last night is just asking to get our asses kicked.
Poor fucking guy.
"He said he was letting me go on account of the economy, but the fucker just wanted me gone."
All of it quicker than the wind from a duck's ass.
"No, I even bought 10,000 copies of your boring, dull-ass autobiography."
No! I can throw up on a stripper anytime.
"Nigger, is you an old man or is you an old woman? I forget."
"You're already dead, Tony."
"Six assets, one traitor."
"Most of all, someone crazy enough to follow me into combat."
"I'm a nasty woman Oh, look who decided to show up for work."
Dammit!
What? What the hell do you want?
We'll get her dignity back when we've caught this monster.
"Gyoko fluttered her fan, put a gracious smile on her face, and just managed not to wail aloud at her imbecility for jumping into a trap like a saké-besotted novice."
"You weigh more than the damn car, girl."
"Come on, you grab her legs."
"Look, I don't know how to tell you this, but she dumped your ass."
"And then a minute later, there's sirens, and I can't get the damn boots off!"
"if it were up to the doctor, you'd be flayed."
"Not trying, no. If you fucking know his name, you better --"
ln this little shithole 200 miles east of Phoenix.
I read somewhere that a dick should always have a plain dark inconspicuous car that nobody would notice.
"Fine, we'll deal with my death later."
I'd like to see you fall out of a helicopter and live.
"You've lost, you insignificant speck."
"By busting the bastard's alibi, nephew!"
I don't know how to fuckin' thank you.
"And, indeed, there were no words in which he could have expressed his horror, yes, HORROR, for he was now fully convinced from his own private knowledge of her, that the woman was mad."
But you gotta get rid of the damn Santa.
"She spoke of her vile mother, her grief over the death of her father, the glory days when Richard scooped her up and then jettisoned wife and children for what she called a nonstop fuckfest."
So me and mine gotta lay down and die... so you can live in your better world?
"Your navel is a bowl Well-rounded with no lack of wine Your belly, a heap of wheat Surrounded with lilies Your breasts"
Shit! - What's going on?
"""Bleed for me, and I'll explain."""
Give me a fuckin' headache.
Are you gonna let him play football after all they're learning about concussions and shit?
You would be miserable.
Wanna be the next Arab iced by the pigs?
"This camera in my eye, it sucks."
I don't want him to die in a fiery car crash.
"If you fýx it to her horns, the explosion will be as strong as a hammer blow from the local smith."
"Someone penetrates the house, jerks off on the bed. I'd say that qualifies as a problem."
I have left that wretched man.
You're about to see what makes most women Fear the cock. Okay.
She'll end up like her sister Petra and Grandmother: crazy!
We didn't know the virus would defeat the built-in fail-safes. Kill the operators.
"No one's that fucking lucky, Kenny."
"In the lobby, a dozen half-baked ideas had gone through her head (using the scrimshaw turtle to fascinate the people in the shop had probably been the only one even close to workable), but simply turning the damned thing inside out hadn't been one of them."
Jude's going to sterilize her.
The junkie loser you were about to waste and dump in the desert a month ago?
"Just try and... just cure this shit, once and for all."
"""Darned if I know,"" said the storekeeper."
You're damned right. I'm moving out. I want to get a place like Gary's.
I grind up the garbage and mix it with water.
So fucking beautiful!
You're gonna be a stain on my shoe if you don't crawl back to where you came from.
"Shit, you fucking scare me!"
Don't leave me hanging up here. You're killing me!
"Look, you can stay here locked up like freaks of nature, or you can join me."
"The convenient word ""nigger"" was no longer tabu in polite society, but was used without embarrassment by everyone."
"Idiot, this is the 2nd floor."
Is the Armenian money train bullshit?
But don't let that clown spook you.
I landed right in the middle of the goddamn US marines.
"Oh, you hate men so much?"
The poor devils will be here in a few minutes.
"You were saying, comrade? Shut up!"
"You number one, nigga!"
"Manny, I put my hands in a pile of shit."
I'm aging too gracefully for this shit.
"You know, maybe someday we'll have sex and you won't be stoned."
"I got a lot of shit to do, okay?"
I just said a bunch of crap for Bobby's benefit.
And there was just some shit Moms couldn't protect me from. -
"So I figure, what the hell?"
"""Percival's wife is pasty,"" she said."
"Damn right, it's an error."
Damn right he can race.
You know? Once you've got the shit beat out of you. And the universe lets your heart expand that way.
"Get out, shitboy!"
"Hey, what the hell you doin'?"
"I'm a bloody medical doctor, not a magician!"
"You're so fucked up, you couldn't catch a bus."
"Shit, you want help?"
"From that moment on, I never let dandy out of my sight."
"This old Frankenstein here gets 90 miles to the gallon on methane, and it's made from my garbage and Nate's pig manure."
Believe me... ...I take absolutely no pleasurebeing inside your...
What the hell are you looking at?
"Yeah, he would have been a real bastard if he had dumped me while I was in traction."
Or else you can die.
It's big... ...impersonal... ...overstocked and fullof ignorant salespeople.
"""Damn,"" Tremaine said softly."
We're here to follow fucking orders!
Get him the hell out of here.
Please don't fuck it up.
Hi. Fuck this.
"The big, horny hands gripped in a viselike clasp born of fierce passion, but no word was spoken."
"But if you start demanding things,... ..she could go back to that stony silence bullshit."
Nah. Not a damn thing.
It's a damn shame.
Piss like a racehorse -- every two hours.
How the hell do you remain so calm?
Where the hell has Donaghy been hiding you?
I'm gonna fuck you with my pecker.
"Look, Michael, Adam Towers was fucking your ex-wife... ...and about to do the same to your career. I've got to ask."
"Quagmire, tell that story about the girl with the inside-out anus."
Who wrote this crap?
"Thanks, losers."
"""It's nigger heaven,"" he told his former companions during one of the rare times he attended their soirees."
What do I fucking want?
"Ito Teruzumi was a minor daimyo of Negato Province in western Honshu but his family was ancient, descended from Fujimoto lineage, so he would be acceptable as a Regent, though he was an ineffectual man, effeminate and a puppet."
"What the fuck is he talking about, man?"
"I repeat, move to code black."
Henry walks around like a zombie and draws skeletons.
We would have seen fungus balls on the head ct.
STOKES: Gilmore shoots the bodyguard.
"You know, he forgets his jacket, so, his nose starts running and some asshole, instead of giving him a Kleenex, he calls him ""Snot."""
This is really going to fuck you off.
"Damn, I knew I'd forgotten something."
I really wanted to have sex with you tonight.
"And Lissa is a sweet, kind, pure person, and I don't know how our friendship got so fucked up, but I am going to find a way to fix it."
"You motherfuckers want a show, huh?"
Not to mention someone with the balls to stand up for her friend.
I'll put you at the bottom of the sea...
"I mean, I'm not gonna pretend what happened to me didn't suck."
Have your platoon cover our eyes while we shoot.
Groton Financial is a carcass.
"Your bastard child should be honored that I even know its name, that I let it live, in spite of its traitorous mother!"
Couldn't you havejust gotten me the death penalty?
"So what's up, Coach? - You know, I don't want to keep busting your balls, but you got any idea where you're going to go with this thing?"
He’d look like a camel-riding Holy Land prophet if he were not clean-shaven and wearing Rape Prevention Glasses.
"Now, take the knife and make an incision right in that spot, Then you're gonna plunge the wire and the straw All the way into his lung."
She still finished under the guillotine.
"When they arrived they were usually crying with fear (from sunburns as well, if the weather west of Thunderclap was hot and clear), covered with food and their own drying shit, and dehydrated into the bargain."
Oh crap. - Anna-Liisa wanted me to make sure the door is locked.
"Stop whispering and listen to me, damn it!"
Damn. Mr. Lowe?
"Carlos, this is a stupid fucking problem to have."
I've always wanted a shot at that mother.
You were going to die.
Name's farhad ghazi... he's a real creep
"By a simple expansion of the chest muscles, I'll blow up the hook."
Its wet fur stank like rotten fungus-diseased fruit.
Can you believe Nora fucking Durst?
I will personally break both your legs and use your arms as crutches.
I'll bet you're dirty.
"""I sympathize, but get your butt out here."
I'll be filming from here. Fuck that.
You think they give a shit about us?
People always say such foolery.
"Finally got a hit, shithead."
I don't give that shit away.
"Chapter 2 Rob McKeena was a miserable bastard and he knew it because he'd had a lot of people point it out to him over the years and he saw no reason to disagree with them except the obvious one which was that he liked disagreeing with people, particularly people he disliked, which included, at the last count, everyone."
You want to stay here and be Fuller's bitch... ...you go right ahead.
"Like Herod, I chopped off innocent heads."
They've killed the Professor! They're monsters! I'll explain everything.
Every goddamn year.
Do you take me for a fool?
The missus and I are like a couple of horny teenagers.
They think he might have some serious mental problems.
I don't wanna turn him into a little vegan pussy.
"Oh, shit!"
"Let's go, gentlemen. I'm taking you out of this shit show."
"Two weeks, handjob. Month, blowjob. Whatever."
"Fuck! Dude! Come here, mate."
Of course it's worth killing for.
My mom is being such a major bi- -tch.
Sid... I adore a sloth who cares nothing about personal hygiene.
"I'm gonna hit you again, okay?"
"You've got five seconds to come out, or I'm gonna find you, and I'm gonna put some serious fucking lead into you."
Something to get her panties wet.
Hit me.
Get dressed... go buy some fucking beers.
You have these gay pride parade next week.
I had to cut you off.
I did something stupid. She swore she wouldn't get caught.
"If they don't stop drinking, I'm gonna throw their asses out."
Just get me the hell out of... (gunfire)
"Kill a rabbit yourself, Dickens."
Every man wants to get with me. Fuck.
"If he's a boy and looks like you... or if she's a girl and has my ass, it'il be fine."
"Old money, new money, fuck-me money, fuck-you money."
"Monmouth overshot her, then swooped through a gallant turn and skated back, wearing a silly grin."
She's out of her fucking mind?
I took the nicest guy in the world and I made him a cheater.
We'll cut him open later.
You're not gonna need anything because Miss Monica here is the best damn teller in the west.
"I've come here to rid Chance Harbor of witches, and I will not fail."
"If you will just draw that blaster whose butt I see very near your handľ"""
"""What a balls-up,"" the captain muttered."
"Fuck! - Get to the elevator, sub level 1."
"I mean, me and Carroll's proud of what we did and everything, but it's a goddamn nightmare, Jimbo."
"As far as I concern, you can take your ass down and go back to that hole you've been hiding in."
"The way you don;t die, sir,"
"The fuck, let go!"
You will come to him or more will die!
"To the ignorant or those in conventional industries, the recent Nucleus glitch may seem a failure... purely in the negative sense."
"Now, your prints are gonna be all over this, Michael, but that's the only way you can save your job, you leaky fuck."
And then he... he holds up my bloody little girl's nightgown for everybody to see.
I'll kill you the way I killed intellectual Homer!
Now get the hell out of my office Before I sic a convicted felon on you.
Shithead! Why don't you try the old hippie?
"I mean, what does that mindless trash have to do with us?"
"Rest in peace, Trash Face."
"Someone who can walk into this bar, kill every man in it?"
"Where are the rest of the retards, anyway?"
Goddamn it! You stepped in my face.
What the fuck was that for?
"Why am I so goddamn funny, George?"
"I see youve got an Igor with you, you lucky devils."
You were One brave fuck before.
"Well, he's pestilence, so he probably looks sick."
We screwed the pooch in front of Gideon Graves.
I had to watch her burn.
What the fuck are you doing?
"You can have yourself a pity party, talk all kinda shit to some prosecutor."
"""Knock off the nonsense, Eunice, or I'll start married life by giving you a fat lip."
Well do you know how many spic-ass Fernandez motherfuckers there are on the Con Edison rolls?
I am turning you into a whole new goddamn human being.
You're the one with your hand between my little wooden cheeks.
Are you out of your fucking mind? MP wondered at once.
Get off me.
"Hey, hey... And God have mercy on your miserable convict souls if one of you sniffs the thought of making a go for it."
He's not a piece of trash that you just throw in a Dumpster.
"Well, Brad, you fucked me, pal."
You drive me crazy.
We can't just shoot these civilians like we're doing.
And then you go out in your goddamn underwear
"It's quiet since those two thugs the Zota brothers, were hanged."
"Why the fuck didn't you say something, man?"
"Dad, Erika suffocates!"
"Look, I hope you don't take this the wrong way, Because the sex with you has been... Great,"
You're a stalker.
But they'll care if they hear their favorite queen of the dead had a... ménage with disgusting Dan Humphrey and his celebutante girlfriend.
"Mother, you've no right to To keep you from making a fool of yourself over a worthless fellow like Dwight Severn?"
I should bite myself.
Give me the fucking money!
"You, cameraman or Lancelot, or whoever the hell you think you are,"
The policemen wanted to kill us!
One little mistake and I'm a bloody bellhop.
They're so pissed off.. They want me to strip and..
"I'm gonna restrain myself... you know, on account of you got an obvious head injury, and not beat you to death with a tire iron."
"""Am I gonna believe all them bad things them fools say about me today?"""
"I don't know what he does there, but in two shakes the suitcase is open... ...and he's pulled out the biggest hand cannon I've ever fucking seen."
"Kill Njala, but why?"
What the hell's wrong with these machines?
You look like I just kicked you.
What the hell was 'direction' in this Godforsaken place?
"""He didn't cross my customs barriers, not unless someone rolled him in a damned carpet and carried him,"" said Bel positively."
Fucking cocaine all over the bed.
Then what the hell is he doing inside?
I'm not a fag.
"It was a thing ignorant and incautious of life and death, whose existence defied all nature's laws-a creature of madness, frenzy, and purposeless destruction."
"If he hadn't adopted me, shit, I don't know what I would've done."
"Now, listen, this guy Stuart's just a little grad school pussy, okay?"
"Stop with the love shit,Jackie."
She's a grimm.
You are cocky and sexy and unbelievable.
"Do you want me to be dick ready, or..."
You ate garbage as a kid?
Shootings.
"Before the door in the face, before you nearly got her killed."
"But don't you ever come back here again, because I'm too old to waste my time trying to train a no-good loser like you, you bum!"
Just stop fucking being so sadistic. For five minutes. For me.
Whitehall cut me to pieces. He ripped out my organs and stuffed them in jars.
"You are a snot-face, aren't you?"
"Dude, what the hell are you doing?"
My nickname for my privates is astro boy!
"You can play the shit out of that guitar, so I'll follow you anywhere you want, but don't you ever be calling me no ""son."""
Mine was trading in a perfectly healthy baby For that enormous asshole.
Don't you fucking look at me.
"My dad's legs are cut off, I want to put him in your cart."
"You know, Kevin, you're what the French call les incompetents."
Though I did imagine 20 ways to remove your head from your body.
"You're so OLD, man!"
What the hell is this here?
You know I could smash you right now.
"You touch that phone, he's dead. He's a maniac!"
You're the only fucking sister who's talked to me since I quit.
"He isn't a real yakuza, just some sleazy amateur."
"""Blow it out your arse""?"
Shit. Oh. I don't even have a watch on.
"Shit, what am I doing!"
"Doug's in the trunk. - Oh, fuck!"
"We can set her up in one of these backstreet motels... hang pictures of Jesus all over the room, and then turn these fucking pigs loose on her."
"No, I thought he shouldn't be sneaking into the jungle to have sex with her."
'But they're just rats-' said Malicia.
“I wanted to see what you were hiding beneath those ugly rags.
"Could you put down the fucking crab dip and look at me, just look at me?"
"Fuck off, Rocky!"
She's the one who made you feel like a freak.
"Hell no, we won't suck."
"Oh, you're truly evil."
Two guys turned up at the bar running their mouths about Frank and Robbie takes care of them too so if the evidence has been taken care of what the fuck are you doing here?
Everybody else can sleep late and file shit.
"Drowned, drunk and murdered."
# How come we don't fuck anymore? #
"You've got a romantic notion of prostitutes, Eddie."
I'm just trying to say you need to fix this shit.
Does she have magic boobs?
I bet he cried all night and fucking day.
That's pathetic.
"If you'd come in friendship, the scum that ruined your daughter would be suffering this very day."
"Nobody's a bigger dick than you, Nick."
With the pig. I think the pig valve may be the wrong choice.
What's this business with the face like a slapped arse?
Damn. Current´s faster than I thought.
He backed the waggon into the lane and turned it.
You just signed my death warrant.
"In New York City, a guy could pay ten bucks to watch two cops have sex in a cage."
And you guys are standing around drinking shrimp and talking about what cum tastes like.
I give a damn about your fear!
"You want hair, marry a monkey."
I need another shot.
Somebody's got to sit the bench while I'm lighting shit up.
"That she should buy your blood, is a disgrace!"
"I told you, I'm not a whore."
"Wait a minute, booger man, you're gonna need to take that thing out of that nose, you understand?"
"You all better watch your fucking food... Cos there was a fucking cockroach in mine, size like this"
Never... but never fuck with the King.
How I despised their indifference as they tried to exterminate us.
He went back to that girl's house. The crazy one.
You will give one verbal warning and then you will shoot to kill.
"Don't be a wanker, Mark."
He's had enough. - Shut up!
And because this shitbag can't hit his fucking target.
He's a big ignorant bully like Bull Connor in Birmingham.
"hey, did you know that every 15 seconds somewhere in america a man calls his wife a cunt?"
Tomorrow is gonna suck.
She'il still be dead.
Did he? You're hitting puberty and going completely insane.
I can't believe they'd kill us for it.
Fucking congressman.
I feel like shit.
Ghost gonna kill my-- He like his plain or with onions?
You already drilled a hole in your head?
"What EMI now is, it's a bump sitting on Citibank balance sheet, waiting to be removed from their balance sheet and sold to the next sucker."
You haven't fucked him yet.
It failed to stop her from kicking his bollocks in and running to us.
Son of a...bitch.
These guys killed her.
"Like a circus elephant. Well, I am so sorry for your stinkiness, but I think I know what this is."
"It's hundred thousand acres, be like finding a needle in a fuckstack"
"Okay, let's get the fuck out of here, man."
"Come on, don't fuck with me."
"Worms, my ass. - I'm dying."
"Yeah, but that shit is in the past."
"It was ridiculous, but there it was, covering the floor like a pale silver tide."
"My dad says if you have integrity... ...don't bullshit, don't fight, and study really hard... ...then people will respect you even if you're poor."
He's twitching and shit.
"On that junk, you can stay away from me and my rig."
Shit! is he still be there?
"Well, then we just got to figure out a way to make you fancier than Barrington, so he's got to suck up to you."
That is until some suckhead writes home to mama and says he dipped his wick in the Republic of South Vietnam.
All you chumps Think you got poise
"20,000 Northerners marching south to find out if he really does shit gold."
"What should I do with a man who would kill a baby, Zed?"""
I swear to God she's going to keep at that thing until she licks it.
"Well, you took your bloody time, didn't you?"
I am gonna get my dance on and maybe even kiss a guy.
What are you doing over here anyway? - Crap!
We'il hit the general in the morning.
"Ah, holy shit!"
Jesus. No wonder VSI wants Canter dead.
"Look, garrison, my wife didn't want a penis in the house, I had to get it out!"
That's what I'm fuckin' talking about!
Is this where you masturbate to images of my wife?
"A lot of good soldiers are gonna die tomorrow, Major."
"The cunt as temple, tomb, cave or flower."
Now you want me to be your lapdog after I lost my fucking job?
What the fuck you doin'?
"""Granny-fucking""?"
"Bring him,"" he ordered two of his men, and kicked Hugh in the kidney with the toe of his boot."
"We're drunks, not fools."
Out ! Before I chop you up and feed you to my horses.
"You're the cop killer, right?"
You seen shit-brick lately?
Unless you want to stay here in this loser existence. . . . . .while your daughter grows up to be a fluffer in her new daddy's videos.
I had sex with Billy.
The undertaker cut it out of his chest with a scalpel.
"If this is true, then the poor damned souls in Hell are there because Jehovah planned it that way in every minute detail."
"You're dead, Pappi!"
Impetuous hothead.
"Look, it sucks that your bag got stolen. But I got a line that I have to manage."
"Shoot first, ask later!"
"Thanks, wimp."
I didn't shoot the bitch.
He probably went to royce and shook him down for another 30. Motherfucker.
Where this fool at?
"In Leviticus, if a man lies with another man, they should both be put to death."
"Easy with the gung ho crap, guys."
I have a bloody war on my hands !
But she has a heart as big as a pig.
"Whatever it was, somebody thought that it was worth killing for."
"The warmth of his trunk felt good against my thighs; it did not occur to me to object; before I could really consider my situation, I realized that he was already climaxing inside of me."
What are you going to do to the bastards when you find them?
"You're too fucking high to see down, aren't you?"""
They fly on a shitty airline. You think they get to go on a cool green plane with a red light.
This is no goddamn aspect of a transition phase!
Stupid squawked again as the great white shapes of night appeared.
"When I told the gym manager it was my butt, he called me a liar."
"Justin,will you get the fuck out of here?"
"I'm not going to let you die so easy, honey."
"You know, playing at demons and magic when the real thing will kill you bloody."
"If it gets frantic, it will die in 2 weeks."
"'You're turning into a sour old man, Tovi.'"
"Then this is the color of pigs, and this is the color of chickens?"
Useless.
Does the widow Garret have a going fucking hard rock concern and five-stamp mill crushing gold out of her quartz all day and fucking night?
"""Give me one tiny dagger against your eight."
He'd rip you apart!
I never would've thought you'd have the balls to just grab me like that.
Fuck!
Blow through here.
"Can't be too sure. Oh, shit."
"She gave the girl a hard yank and got her moving, her red and white pinstriped skirt swishing against her legs."
"I'm gonna get you a shot for the pain, but it might take a while."
"Well, I don't know, but it's like the goddamn tropics in here."
"You watched me. You could have turned the gun to steam, the bullets to mercury... ...the bottle into goddamn snowflakes, but you didn't, did you?"
"No, it's not stupid."
"Damn, so he did!"
Maybe you should give him another chance to make you crazy.
Because that shithole pays me.
"We find him, we kill him."
"""Because I made love to you when you thought I was a tramp?"" Leamas asked savagely."
Get fucking dressed now!
"But if she blows the whistle, we don't have to put our asses on the line."
I'm the one that's been here every fucking day!
"Don't fuck with me again, Pyle."
I have no friends stupid enough to take part in such a farce.
This may sound stupid but were we together in a wet forest with wolves?
"Oh shit, that's not your car?"
"""Just focus the damned lenses."""
"Damn it, I know what it is!"
SEABASS: Where the hell you been?
He went over and kicked that dead man in the face.
Did mike mention he likes having his toes sucked?
That’s gotta make you nuts. I like how you can compliment and insult someone at the same time.
"Piss off out the way, mate, I gotta cut this tree down!"
That's a big-ass neuralyser!
Shithead!
I don't think jerking off some random guy on a sofa has much to do with intimacy.
Sucking the lives out of little children!
"It has nothing the fuck to do with me, man!"
Black body builder?
"Hey, can we cool it with the ""bitches""?"
Get the fuck out of the store!
They waited for my ass after baseball practice and got me.
"And here you are, making me look the fool."
You drunken lout.
I would beg the Holy Father to give these troops his blessing who may well die tomorrow.
"I'll stop you, that's for damn sure."
"Frankenstein, he is Death Race."
That's why I didn't have sex with Claire last night.
"The shop was packed with people returning ties, and shirts and shit they’d got for Christmas and had no use for."
You want to like dick?
Kid's gonna get himself killed one day.
"This shit is just business, String."
That's an old cunt's tale.
"""you tell 'em, even if you're scared"" ""it'll cause problems"" ""or burn your life to the ground."""
"If Rahl gets his hands on this box, he'il chop off more heads than there are in the entire kingdom of Tamarang."
"If it's Midway, I'll bushwhack them."
"'The hell it is!' stormed the youth, his voice shaking with anger."
He's got a rat.
Whoever killedCrazy Larry must've killed Jimmy.
"Take my word for it, the Frenchman and his killer won't be around much longer."
Do you think that doesn't... kill me?
"A month or two into it, it was still a shitty place."
"Some hag trophy wife needs new skin for a face-lift... ...or one of them gets sick and they need a new part, they take it from you."
It tried to kill me.
"All these people, beaten and robbed, raped by their loved ones."
I was surprised he screwed so well.
"Nice neurotic writer preamble, but now it's my turn."
"You know, 1 0 years ago, I could've beat the crap out of you."
"If I can eliminate them, his navy will be powerless."
"They the people pulling strings, getting shit done."
Quit breaking my shit.
"Ramirez just stood there, gun in hand, looking for something to shoot."
"You all probably think you can live your lives cavity free, mkay, never giving two shits about the plaque that's building on your teeth."
"Scared of you sick, degenerate convicts."
What the hell are they doing?
"What's the matter with you, pushing this guy in the pool... ...your fucking friends knocking down my rented tables?"
You're in the fucking FBl?
"So one night... he lures him into an abandoned building, strangles him to death and throws him off the roof."
"So these monsters, they're... they're soldiers, expendable soldiers at that,"
"Ty drove the cart and remained silent, but he had to believe old Burn-Burn was the one who had gone crazy (crazier, he reminded himself )."
"'Ah, shit,' murmured Second Lieutenant Kassad."
And they weren't sorry about a damn thing except getting caught.
"Said if he hurt Ned again, you'd come kill him... ...like you killed theU.S. Marshal in '70."
Because they're a bunch of miserable children... ...trying to stay alive desperately and very badly.
What was all this shit about Koreans and spies?
"Sounds like a prayer, but it's damned appropriate."
"Maybe you should throw it in her, you know?"
Shoot at the cockpit!
Rubbish !
"""It's hot as shit in here."""
"""Another forty minutes to kill,"" she said."
I'll cut her.
"Like I said, man, she's as good as dead."
Fuckin' pay him already.
Get off my back!
Now you wasting that dog on beer and laziness.
You don't know how my shit smells.
"Damn right, Cecil."
Ridiculous.
"Piss! One, two, three."
"Press a button, ring a bell... ...and you think the whole damn world comes running, don't you?!"
Or they died.
Or just standing there like frickin' statues.
She's going to be fucking pissed.
Black men carrying flaming propane torches and scrambling for change tossed in the street.
How long did it take for the air to clear from fucking Chernobyl?
"Thank God you walked into that blood bank in Bangor, or the whole project would have been up shit creek!"
That's what's bothering you? Not the fact that you're a murderer?
"I realized, Michael... ... that I had emerged, not through the doors of Kenner, Bach & Ledeen... ... not through the portals of our vast and powerful law firm... ... but from the asshole of an organism... ... whose sole function is to excrete the poison... ... the ammo, the defoliant necessary for other larger... ... more powerful organisms to destroy the miracle of humanity."
That negro music is worthless. But... ... it was still... ... unusual.
"You just called me a cunt, Mom."
"Only 4,000 fucking years!"
Nobody's gonna hit your pussy-ass.
Beat some guy half to death.
You assholes spoiled my chances of going to college.
"""Shut up."""
It's selfish and lazy.
"Somebody ought to wait until she inherits it, then marry her and drown her in her bathtub."
"I don't know. Some mopey, cultural bullshit... - Greek new year's, Chinese easter."
"99.9% ofthe time, the guy never listens to your fucking tape."
"He's real cute, I'll fucking tell you."
"Okay, this whole stupid earring thing is just haunting me."
There you go. - I think there's rape and there's rape.
What the fuck! Who do you think you are?
"Just to prove her point, Ginny slid a bare and very shapely leg over his thighs."
I fucking handle everything anyway.
I'd appreciate you stop touching my shit. Thank you. I'm sorry.
"""He must be going through hell."""
The ones that specialize in astrology and pictures of car wrecks and starlets' tits?
The bastard'sdeath may have saved my bacon.
We told you Roman scum to stay away from this town!
Arab Commandos are called terrorists.
I was so pissed at her I thought I was gonna explode
He can talk to whoever he fucking likes.
Pervert. - He's not a pervert!
I gave my fucking life for this country.
What a bitch.
Amir and I are closer than anybody in this stupid family!
Don't give him shit.
She's creepier than gene Stuart.
"Then after that... ...slap the big dick on you, hit youfor the real cheese, the big bucks."
Why the hell was Collier doing this?
Shut that baby up!
"Bill, why aren't we back at the room right now having sex?"
"But you run like cowards … well, it's open season all summer long, boys. Oh, yeah."
Just that you need our hard cash a damned sight more than we need your chew toys for our fucking dogs!
He's this go-to jack-of-all-trades for organized crime families and drug cartels and other horrible people that can afford him.
"Oh, yeah - little Asian chick, likes to kick people?"
"Because for your own good, you need to know that your Grandpa was a drunkard."
"If you don't stop this laughing, you're gonna end up dead, just like your idiot hyena cousins!"
What the fuck you're doing here?
Are you crazy?
The police have these new fucking guns.
I think it's those dirty politician friends of yours.
Keep out of this and we may spare your life.
That's why God gave me the easier job... to be crucified.
"What are you scratching, your brain?"
"Don't just stand there, you dogs."
"Oh, my God, this man is gonna get naked in my apartment."
Because I fucked up the ordering.
Shut her up!
"No, not in the courtroom with us... ...because he's... He's a weasel."
The bunnies from hell!
Animals found in a moribund condition and animals showing severe pain and enduring signs of severe distress should be humanely killed.
Prepare to perish.
My fucking heart is in my throat.
"That idiot, Suliman, finally realized how much she needs my powers."
Where the cuss does that kid get off?
"""Goddamn,"" Marsh said loudly."
The mayor was dumb.
"Fox, the lottery king, conned like a sucker!"
I just can't believe I'm so stupid.
"Ah, to tell you the truth, I'm not really enamored of the fucking moving pictures right now."
And I wouldn't wanna make love to a woman who just screwed a lawyer.
It's faux-kon disgusting.
Holy crap.
Those crates will be there... but if you wait until tomorrow that shit's going to be gone.
"Trying to make a little extra cash, get my shit together."
I hate pathetic people!
"They were horrible-looking, six-legged beasts, with horizontal bodies longer than a hoon is tall, flaring wide in back and bulging up front with huge, glassy bubble-eyes, black and mysterious."
And now I need a coach and all I've got is a lame dad.
I weigh 240 pounds. I've lost the equivalent of a fucking suitcase.
"Tell, uh, Raphael... ...to bite me."
"And they'll all die, but I'm gonna save a nice, warm seat up top for you."
Sammy? It's time for my shot.
"I don't like you, either, so cut it."
"What the fuck do you want to talk about, man?"
and destroy them.
"Now, Raymond, suffocate Private Baker. Kill him."
Don't go justifying your baby murdering.
"Well, in Phoenix, you weren't a goddamn succubus, were you?"
Maybe I should be a fucking accountant.
"God, morning sickness sucks."
That sounds like a fucking nightmare.
"Stupid girl, why have you come back?"
"Mum, what's a porn actress ? Forget it."
"Why we gotta play them damn boo-boos again, man?"
We're going to cut his throat faster than taylor swift will write a song about her next boyfriend.
How the hell does she know my name?
"""Human come fight kif."""
"You will not have a penny from me, coward!"
She can open a beer with her boobs.
I love my fucking life too.
"I knew you weren't 16, but I was fool enough to believe you was straight!"
Welcome to the suck.
Who the fuck are you?
"Look, somewhere in that screwed-up head of his he knows who the mole who's been tipping off the Russian mob is."
I'll show him where to park his damn cars.
"Remain calm, human scum!"
Don't be like those beggars with no ambition.
"Hayley, you think you can hang?"
"That ball is everywhere, going underneath every goddamn thing, impossible to reach."
"Now, don't fuck it up."
Kiss my ass !
Me? You two are fucking scheming behind my back.
Every goddamn day.
Amy has wounds that are consistent with rape.
It was totally black.
The East German guards have shoot-to-kill orders.
"Hey, you patsies aren't here to chat."
It's your first confirmed kill.
Get the fuck out of my car!
"""I fucked the Sheriff's horse."""
"They're brother and sister, and he's a midget."
Biological shit.
Scarecrow don't pay me enough to deal with this shit.
You die. I'm left paralyzed.
Man: I'm fucking bleeding out!
"Jackie, it stinks scumbag."
"These animals, beasts, any one of them could have torn me to pieces."
"I'm on a mission to get my shit together. I applied at this commercial realty company in Studio City, and this black guy, he was the office manager and he's fuckin' hella cool, you know?"
"Maybe not on the fifth floor, but in here if you don't have money, you get a Band-Aid, a foot in the ass, and you're out the door."
Jack is like a hangdog with a bone about this wire transfer thing.
"""Never again disturb this plane, feeble wizard!"" the yoch- lol roared."
Stop it! you can be so annoying!
I wish you didn't exist.
Why the hell are they... Putting them on the Sub?
Put me in the fucking suit.
"Valeria del Sole, a possessed show girl"
"Yeah, I told Albert I want the kid's hat after they bleed him out."
You could probably beat me up pretty bad.
"No, fucking no!"
"I'll get a spade, we'll bury him."
"Oh, shit. You all right?"
"I'm afraid we'll just have to bite the bullet on this thing, Clive..."
"My best customer, but he's nailed to this fuckin' spot."
"Man, if it was me... ...I'd be fucking with people,whispering in ears."
"Well, I'm home on two months leave and I've got to get my arse back there."
Definitely didn't know that shit.
"I am going away forever... and I shall never, never see you again."
"See, Burly's bitch gets pregnant, and she's got to buy herself a Freedom Machine to get rid of it, so she gets a job as a maid-of-all-work for some snotty Vickys and rips off some of their nice old stuff, figuring that's a faster way to get the money."
DEATH Happy New Year everybody!
It sounds fuckin' trite.
"I desire to catch her with the magic she pursues, because I intend to take it from her and then to take her life."
Caffrey is going to be that much harder to kill.
That man at The Gem has got some serious shit.
So you're only awful to people that don't have problems.
I promised your father I'd bring you back here. What the fuck?
"Stop, save your bullets."
Did you think I'd be old and ugly?
My dad is a gynecologist and he looks at vaginas all day long.
"Okay, I think I got everything... testicles, spectacles, wallet, watch..."
"You what? - You're so bloody blind, you'd never notice."
Why don't you make up your prick?
"Remember Lane's fool at Jaguar, Edwin Baker?"
"Yeah, but what if what Jennifer wants is... disgusting?"
It was those hick cops from the bridge.
"And then he killed old Carlton with a pickaxe, and that was it."
"I seen that, I fucking knew."
Goddamn dress!
"Careful, you oaf!"
"Ah, shit."
"Animals which are unable to walk shall not be dragged to the place of slaughter, but shall be killed where they lie."
Tell me why you forced him to take your penis in his mouth.
Sacrifice virgins and stuff.
The old hag wants grandchildren.
You ugly mugs... no more slugs?
You are a fucking genius.
"I swear to God, I'd give my left ""cojone"" to take her for a spin."
He write all this shit.
"And maybe there was even a community who might derive some pleasure from watching her, a dry-as-a stick middle-aged woman gazing analytically at this foolish stuff."
"Shit, Bubbles know Bird."
"Well, if by that you mean Murderous, treacherous backstabber, then yes."
"So if getting the Internet will stop you from doing dumb crap like going on the roof to work, I can live with that."
I can't believe Woody fired you just for killing all those orphans and a Colombian landscaper.
"Not even, like... ...chipmunk sex?"
Juan killed one right here.
He told fuckin' Remo everything.
Oil wells and shit.
"Almost every damned one of us, starting right up top with Whiskeyjack himself."
"You know, I may be the pervert the cops are looking for but I'm not going down for it."
"He'll be dead within a day, two if his body can endure the suffering."
Your karma must be terrible.
"I wouldn't mind if it was 30%, 40%, maybe even 70%... but ever since we took the company public... being in a board meeting is like being in a fucking synagogue!"
"Blacks, browns,yellow, whatever."
"That woman, she killed the driver."
She chose to kill herself in a costume.
I'd feel a little better if I just hung myself!
"I called her, she said some crap about not listening to her enough."
He started beating the crap out of the guy.
Careful! Damnit.
Or that thing that chopped you up like little pieces of deli fucking meat?
"When you say fuck me up, what do you mean?"
"Would that make you feel any better, you filthy bastard?"
"And now, coz, I could go to fucking jail."
What the hell is this about?
This guy is cheating on all of you... and instead of taking it out on him... you're beating the shit out of each other?!
America Works. They want to kill it.
Stay the fuck away from Jody.
You're fucking kidding me. That's it?
"Fuck my father with his endless grief, standing behind that bar, sipping on club soda, selling whiskey to firemen and cheering the Bronx Bombers."
What the hell.
I want my fucking gun!
"I got one daughter I hate, one who hates me and one dead before her time."
In this depraved culture we live in...? ...with all these reality shows? Suicide and television would be a natural!
Your immortal soul to eternal damnation.
I knocked him down with the hammer.
Could always use more white people.
You're playing right into the hands of Reston and into the hands of every other imbecile who thinks a woman isn't fit to be commander in chief.
He thinks we're good for nothing but sucking down doughnuts.
Those people are gonna get brain damage if someone doesn't help 'em.
Just like there's a liquor store on every corner in the black community.
"He's a failure... not only as a writer, and he knows it."
"My man Bone will wreck shop on your punk-ass fighters, man."
Why were Americans so damned noisy?
They screwed up.
I fuckin' hate that.
You know what the fuck I'm talking about!
"Yes, four handicapped guys are just as good as four feminist bitches?"
This Uncle Bruno farting more than the horse. and Miss randy-pant banging about being a virgin.
"Boy, it's--it's funny About f-finding This fucking plane, wasn't it?"
"I know that he was some kind of friend of the family... growing up, all that, so I'm sorry the old bastard shot himself... but we still got MacMurphy and his boys to deal with."
What the hell are these things for?
Any minute now This pooch will know she's screwed
"You and I have just been pretending to be friends ever since we did that stupid number in the choir room after graduation, all happy and supportive."
Turn the fuck around.
Beating the crap out of some guy doesn't solve anything.
"It is a shitstorm here, but the D.E.A. supplied the information and was part of the sting."
"She says he should not be saved, 'cause he's cursed."
"Up and busy at five, with all the world about one horizontal, warm, dreamy-brained or stupidly hullish, if roused, roused only to grunt and sigh and roll over again into oblivion."
"Put your fags out, boys."
If you don't take this seriously the whole fuckin' movie's gonna go down in flames.
"To perish."""
You're gonna give me a concussion. Lower!
Because it's my family luck over centuries to get repeatedly fucked up the ass.
Sorcerer.
It is poverty and filth and miserable self-complacency.
You just punched a fish to death.
And I don't have to have sex with you.
"He could have fucking died, Dad!"
You don't knowwho you fucking with!
"Too many long years, Gregor, I've suffered your tantrums and rages, all your petty little intrigues and stupid bullying."
"I swear to Christ, I'm gonna fucking clip somebody before this day is over."
When he' s dead.
Tear them up.
Which means you can give me a part of your liver.
"I was mad because it's a robot hand, not because it's black!"
Fuck Erik.
"Hey, knucklehead!"
This school's a bloody fake.
"Man, just do the damn thing and stop wasting my time."
Just pretend it's a whaling ship and... go Greenpeace on their asses!
"They looked dumb with humiliation, pleading with a kind of captive misery."
Too many fuckin' wars.
I could've died in Mexico City or T.J.... and never known what the hell it was all about.
"If you don't stop laughing, you'll end up dead just like your idiot hyena cousins!"
You're all cunts.
You're such a wimp anyway.
Liar! excuse me?
"I don't care what vagrants you keep in your own home... ... but when you bring freaksand abominations... ... into our churches in front of our children,you will have to..."
"No, genius, she's got a pierced tongue."
They're going to chop us and stick us all over their stupid space ship!
We wiped them out with flame-throwers.
Those men... they were paid to provoke a fight and kill us both.
I could be killed as soon as I get out.
"If they explode too close to you, you'il be blown to bits."
"Watch out, bitches, 'cause here comes Robyn."
We just dropped a knowledge bomb on your asses.
I still plan on giving you a million dollars to raise this zombie.
"""Hit me at your own risk. """
I can't see a damn thing here.
jonas brothers hentai sex scenes bb8 big brother wwe linkin park power rangers mistic forse kama sutra nude xxx pamela anderson sex video 2girls1cup amnesia ibiza hanah montana akon orgasm enrique iglesias basshunter sexy girls
My fucking time!
I knew I should have kept my ass at home.
"Several whores were sitting beside the fountain, chatting to one another."
"And that's the way it went down, man. Shit."
Brides kill to get in there.
Ooh damn.
He put killers in sid's nursery and let him watch them killing each other.
Would you believe a whole goddamn hotel with nothing but lonely ladies?
You fucking talked to her about me.
"D.I.Y. Or die, right?"
I'm fucked.
You'll see that it is a pathetic show.
It's 4 in the fucking morning!
"Luckily, there's sugar. Their coffee tastes like hell."
"That’s why your appearance changed, why you became ugly."
"Give me my fanny pack, hipster!"
"I shall hang the ringleaders, of course, but... I'll be generous and give you the lives of the woodsmen and their families."
"You'd be an old maid, a spinster."
Wish we didn't have to make a deal with that scumbag.
"Kin, take them out."
"Damn it, they have their robots and their low numbers and their long lives."
And mistakes will get you killed.
Your smell hung in every damn shack I ever lived in.
I could have your head on a spit in the blink of an eye.
"Even a dumb animal -- albeit with the interference of human conspirators -- can conquer the leader of a Great House of the Landsraad."""
What the fuck is the matter with you?
"Damn it, where's the medic?"
"Come on, put, go get, shit!"
Tell Stepanych to get his arse to the police department.
"You're looking at him, asshole."
You're dead today. Come here!
"Give her a good old drubbing, crusoe."
"Got a friend at battalion, says they had every fucking foxhole here fixed on it."
Hot damn.
Shut him up.
"Yo, that's the Bermuda Triangle, dumbass."
Ray is the traitor.
A cocktail of endorphins and my good friend lorazepam to keep you chill while I evaluate your Catherine-allergic ass.
I don't give a fuck about her.
This moviemaking shit is a lot harder than it looks.
Don't tell me we're fucking neighbors now.
"A whole shit pile of money, or what?"
He's escaping! Shoot him!
You reek of perfume!
"My mother and brother are traitors, too."
"There were plenty of vampires in the city, neurotic as hell, wearing the black ribbon to show they’d signed the pledge, and in general getting on with, for want of a better word, their lives."
Because it’s gonna look like hell when I lay you out all over that greasy floor.
"By the time I got back on the turnpike again, I had two things: a wet ass from my fall behind the Mobil station, and a great idea for a story."
"""Well . . . unofficially . . . not rats."""
"You gonna come up in here, having fucked up a package, asking me to tell Cheese, who you fucked it up on, to pay you out $2,400."
It's bloody revolting.
Ah! Couple of wusses.
I will not have sex with you!
"I'm crass and dirty, and... I have a very filthy mind."
That's the name you give to somebody pushing their silicone tits in your face?
"I don't know what he does there, but in two shakes the suitcase is open... ...and he's pulled out the biggest handcannon I've ever fucking seen."
"I told Donna we could go to different schools... and I was extremely wrong, and- Man, if she doesn't hate Marquette, we're screwed."
It seemed to be a loathsome gray color.
"Well, because this asshole and his knucklehead friends, they came down to my turf and they hustled my nephew out of how much?"
"Fuck, the Mark-19's down!"
He's sitting there playing fucking magic on the couch.
I don't want to be accused of cashing in on the storm Like some other schmucks I could mention.
"She wanted to scream at them to get away, stay away, shut up."
"'He still thinks potatoes count, the arsehole."
You and that animal Runkle deserve each other.
Now hurry and pour me a bloody drink before I die of thirst.
Shoot someone.
And Antwan should've fuckin' better known better.
It's in the fucking bag.
"She no field nigger, but she ain't good enough for the house no more either."
"He had tried psychiatric help, had tried rehabilitation, had tried every damn thing he and the family could think of, but he was hooked through the bag and back again, and nothing had worked."
"When she can't think of anything to say, she doesn't say a goddam word."
About the helmet shit!
Somebody is killing homeless men in this city.
Parents suck.
"I had sex with Eartha Kitt in an airplane bathroom, and these are the only guys I've ever told."
"This watches weren't even working watches, and you go and buy one, carrying out some bullshit paranoia crap... ...'bout how it's gonna do this, or that."
"Bender, you've cheated, insulted and maimed me."
"Yes, he screwed up. He knows that."
"His butt first, then his face."
I give a shit what my father-in-law thinks.
"The drawer contained a smorgasbord of sexual paraphernalia, including electronic aids of all kinds, lotions, ropes and other bondage equipment, masks, and assorted models of genitalia."
Let's play a real fucked-up game.
Someone gonna shoot me
He's doing that to make a fool of me!
"But I ain't gonna keep 'em from skinning your ass alive, you bring that white woman back to town."
"If he's got any brains at all, and he's not stupid... he'll know by now he's got at least a brigade in front of him."
What I tell you about playing with other people shit?
"Guys like you and Rooster, you might get other chances, but for someone like me, this shit is it, man."
"No deal, kill him. If I let you live, you and your army clear out of the valley by sundown."
"The entire fucking family, all the way up to Big Al."
I'll suck on her for five minutes and cry it off.
You guys are so useless you should have to pay to ride.
"You fucking call me ""lady""?"
This place is deader than a Texas salad bar.
"They may be mental giants, - - but by our standards, physically, they must be very primitive"
"I'm an old man, so I'm not going to tell you some childish nonsense."
Looks like I'm gonna have to slug Grandma.
"""Oh, shut up, girl."
"Test your urine or blood, follow your ‘sick rules’, and tell your doctor."
"You feel like crap, some days."
So I'm off your shit list?
He needs medical attention or he's gonna die.
"Shit, mom, get back in the store!"
Don't say shit.
Shit. sorry.
"I'm not really high, so you stop talking your nonsense on my time."
"Now, damn it, I want out of this spread what I put into it."
I want him gone!
"Little morons. Their grandparents were in concentration camps, and here they are, flashing swastikas."
"Hey, a sewer rat may taste like pumpkin pie... but I'd never know... 'cause I wouldn't eat the filthy motherfuckers."
And why didn't he try and kill one of us?
Do you think that's foolish?
Just give us the fucking wizza!
"It's full of lunatics and monsters, and that old crazy man, y'know."
What the hell are you doing here?
And because you look evil as shit.
All right! Now we're making a fuckin' movie!
I want us to hit another house.
"Goddamn it! What did I tell you about staying up on the wall, ghosts?! ARCHER:"
"Donna, it's awful shit."
Where there was a Spaniard there were six Indians sweating their asses off but not one nugget did they find.
"""Grow up?"" Everybody knows people who grow up too fast are miserable."
"Save me! Help me, gracious witch!"
Why the bloody hell won't it turn round?
"The black trio listened most willingly to the instructions, but received them in their own negro way."
Shot him in the back.
"You know, I'll bet I'll be the only man there outside of Charles fool enough to dress up like this."
Give me a fucking name now!
Antibiotic.
The black anger sagged into a black depression.
"No, Gabi, you cut the fuckin' shit."
"Oh, fuck you, roz."
Make the Islander a patsy for some of their dirty work?
And we sure as fuck do not urinate on the sidewalk!
I'm the bloody teacher!
"Don't you ever touch me again, asshole!"
I'm going to get plastic surgery on my face and get lipo-suction.
I think that she might have been having sex with these boys.
Do you want to walk the midget?
"I can replace just about everything you do, but no machine could ever be the human wastebasket that I dump my stupid mistakes into. Dump, sir."
"And they just talk whenever, they don't give a shit what you're doing, or if it's a good time."
It was hopeless so I shut up.
"""Shot in the head, you get a bed!""."
"Hey, Thomas, you got a real serious cut on your head."
"I'm not a fag, man."
"He does so by masturbating among the reeds of the ditches and letting flow his life-giving semen -- the 'water of the heart,' as it is called."
We could bust half you clowns right now!
You think anyone would deal with you if they knew you were a rat?
Full of Gauls!
This mannequin leg was used to kill a guy.
"Josh, Ray is evil."
Send me a picture of Luanne's tits.
We're gonna put you someplace safe and we're gonna hunt down Wo Fat.
I'll break your nose!
"She'd killed him, as surely as if she'd sent a pulser dart through his brain with her own hand."
"They're rich, they've got dogs."
Damn it! 'm gonna go and show them we never meant any harm to anyone.
"Patient displayed listlessness, apathy, gloomy indifference und was blue und mopey."
"Outdated, useless, down inflames."
Why do you think we're in the goddamn bathroom?
I feel like I'm going fucking crazy.
Especially with that jizzbag roommate of yours.
Smashed his head in.
Goddamn.
Fire. - ... fire caress your poisoned face--
I'm not going to burn you again.
May you die laughing.
Shit. We should have stayed at a hotel in Cardiff.
Just get the monster who did this.
What the hell.
Fucking say it!
"""Don't be silly,"" snapped Kate, clenching jaw muscles to keep her teeth from chattering."
Someone to hit them hard when the time comes.
Didn't you want to smack some girl For looking right through you?
I'm gonna relax when killers and rapists are on the other side of the island.
"I need a killer. And I don't see one out there, do you?"
To see his only little girl put her life on hold for some cheating fucking asshole.
Which was ridiculous.
Fucking Shoshanna.
Where the hell are you going?
It's because Holly is kind of a major dork. (BEATBOXING)
"It's useless. When you turn this knob, it will blink, do you see?"
Couple of goddamn drunks I got.
"Yesterday, if I turned up on the 6:00 news with a survivor in tow, they'd have strung me up from the nearest lamp-post by the balls."
Tell me what you did today - in Troll.'
Total slaughter.
"Where the fuck you been, man?"
"If I fucked him, I wouldn't be his girlfriend."
"Tomorrow, I'm gonna call the exterminator."
"You need Victor's permission for everything around here, sissies."
Look at it burn!
"That's all you said. Gabriel, you said you wanted to talk... Shut up!"
You're not leaving town you fuck tard.
You beat the shit out of my mother.
"Purge them totalluy off our land, idealluy, off our planet."
"Do you hate the smell of shit, too?"
Why do they always announce dinner like a damn cavalry charge ?
Maybe fucking take care of them means take care of them.
He's even a shitty carpenter.
"When I saw what happened to you last night, Good Lord, I didn't miss my cock one bit."
I ain't fucking moving till you get up.
Service entrance by the east gate. Damn it!
Give me this damn thing.
"You are weak, and I am hungry."
“Because thereal President had a stroke while fucking his secretary.
Kick his fucking...
"Meehan, you godless heathen!"
"Okay, so if somebody's giving me lip, if somebody's talking shit, I'm getting backtalk or I don't like somebody's attitude, I can't just say, ""hit the bricks""?"
"By the time I'm done with this fuck, he won't be able to hide in Bolivia!"
"God's heaven, I even pulled out my good boob."
Jimmy's fucking gone.
"You have sex before you get married,I can't hire a team based on a ten-minute interview."
"All they did was shoot up a neighbourhood, wake a few cops."
My pussy wants to be stroked.
Nothing up there but dry rocks and those revolting onion men.
"We got your fax last week about the bank bills, so when we nailed this scum with a bunch of fresh hundreds, thought we'd call you."
Damn. Are you sure?
Tanya here gave me permission - to get her shit.
I need to cut her.
I hate that little shit.
If I had to make a guess I would say that you made up some bullshit excuse to get out of work to go to Ted's.
"Well, there's loads of stuff under a caravan that'll kill you."
Play he's sick.
"Fact, if I hadn't mistaken you for a butch Israeli girl, I would've never let you in here."
"Raped? She fucked a bar full of guys, then she blames them for it?"
But he's my dork.
"Damn, he thought."
"They have drug addicts and cigarette smokers here, and they will steal all of what I have."
"They couldn't kill that bastard? ...still at large, wantedfor possession of weapons... ...and in connection withthe death of the policeman."
His attention was snared by movement among the Foolish Dog.
"'Good fuckin idea,' Pete said."
"You can't hustle a hustler, fool."
You better not be screwing with me.
Yank him off!
He'll attack the cities and raze them.
Is he retarded? - Hey.
Can't wait to be a virgin again.
You need to live this lie.
Exactly. That's why we should be buying her regular $20 crap... ...because she's gonna outgrow them in two weeks.
Nurse.
"Former head coach Mike McCormack may not have run the tightest ship in the NFL, but at least it wasn't a ship of fools."
"Oh, Gilbert, you can't pretend to be ignorant."
He killed people for me.
Wanted to rip the bandage off his shoulder and lick the wound.
Goddamn it! This wasn't...
I told you to shut up!
I've never dealt in black-jacks.
"You know how to curl up like a bitch, don't you, reporter?"
This guy looks like he just lied there and died.
"Sand-fuck of it is, we don't have enough intel."
"A man who can plan mass murder of women and children And then go home and sleep soundly, That kind of man is supremely difficult to catch."
"Shit, it's a V not a U, isn't it?"
You could create the damnedest panic this slightly slug-nutty country has ever seen.
I tried to keep him here for you... but you had the fucking great idea to leave us and go get a coffee.
One of my titties is a whole lot bigger than the other.
But my control-freak parents... ...have arranged a marriage for me.
I want to ask you something What? Fuck!
Your eyes look like tiny mouse holes.
"Well, it's sure as shit not our fault."
"Besides pussy, Santos had but one passion, and that was The Game."
"When I was 15, I lied about my age, so's I could sign up, and fight the fuckin' Nazis."
You're a damned Apache.
I'm ready to chase some lady around like I'm a fuckin' 12-year-old little boy.
You got something that fucking belongs to me?
"Come, my Executioner."
"Such silly things men feel about other men - that this one is so large and important, while they themselves are so small!"
I was always wondering what the fuck they were saying to each other.
"You're A, an asshole; B, an asshole who isn't staying at my place tonight... - or C, all the above?"
He's gonna have my ass tomorrow if...
I fucked everything up.
I followed you... ...all the way to that shit-bag hotel.
"I'm not an idiot, Tawni."
"You will once again be a limping, half-blind, bully victim."
Throw him off the cliff!
Hey... ...how long has that clown in the truck been out there?
Plays his goddamn drums while I'm relaxing in my spa.
“And black magic is abhorrent to God.
I saw that The one about three bitches?
I'm gonna crack you!
Not even Keith could escape from being called a nigger.
I would butcher the whole world... if you would only have loved me!
"Hm, you know, for an Italian kid, you ain't got a bad butt."
If you so much as touch me... ...you’il trigger six cryogenic bombs I've hidden around the city.
I'm just not used to having to ask permission to have sex with people.
"Yes, I'm fucking breathing."
"Malenfant had also — been put up for the Silver Star, and although Dieffenbaker couldn't say for sure, he supposed the pimply little murdering asshole had won one."
I have nothing to offer this rotten little town of yours.
"You better fucking grab him, mate."
"Pretty soon ,She starts pulling the same crap all women do ."
"Alex, I think they screwed you."
"All these guys, they're dead."
"Come on, man, she is the Miss Universe of lying skanks, okay?"
Do you want to be smashed?
She was gross.
"You're shitting me, right?"
"She predicts stuff, sees dead people, opens walnuts with her ass..."
I'm fucking starving.
Shoot him now!
"Shove it, butt-sniffer!"
What the hell happened to you?
That's a sucker bet.
So is there any chance of us running into your loony aunt dahlia anytime soon?
Or is he Satan from hell?
How the hell you know that?
"Don't worry, Dad, I read your dumb instructions. Stop yelling at me."
"Don't be a pest. If I'm the president, why do you always decide?"
And then you kill Lonnie Flennons.
I had to replace every part of my once-strapping... ...virile pirate body... ...with this useless hunk of garbage ye see before ye.
"The shit you're in with that kid, which you brought on yourself."
SILAS: Come on. Put this shit on your back.
"This is just some leaky barrel radiation toxic dump waste enviro-crap freak-beast accident that crawled out of the sewer, man."
And you haven't had the balls to tell me.
So just cut him loose... ... and put him back on the street.
"Sorry, suckers!"
"Before he came, it hit him-- he can't remember the last time he had sex sober."
She's like a big puppet.
"When I get over there, I'm going to punch you!"
"Like a nice, big fucking rectangular mirror here and maybe..."
Sit your butt back down.”
It's from some Bette Davis picture... ...some goddamn Warner Brothers epic.
"Then, I visit with God . . . and I make Him sick."
He's afraid to get caught with me so he uses my car... and kill himself.
Haley had her first boy over today... and Phil shot him.
And not just that - he's the hottest gay I will ever make it with!
Don't make me black-light you.
Now go get your fucking sneakers.
Kilmer loves to bang on your boy.
Now the whole goddamn world knows we can't protect them.
Don't look at me like I just gutted your pet dog.
"""Crap."""
"Holy shit! Thank you, Tine Dairy!"
Damn it. I do really want to win.
"Aw, it's so precious when you overcompensate for being a drunken loser when she was a kid."
"I had to save as many of us as I could, and you would have done exactly the same fucking thing."
"Women tend to facilitate the murders; they procure weapons, they lure prey."
I hate bullies.
You mean you're gonna watch beetles have sex with each other?
"I'm so angry right now I can't even... (sniffs) Oh, goddamn it!"
I was doing so well with that blonde. The bastards!
"Mark, shut up. Jenn, mark doesn't want to date you."
"There weren't no fucking cars, Roy."
While you were taking children on fairground rides... a gringa and some trash boy were with Clemente.
"But you're right, though you probably don't have brains enough to know it."
Shoot him.
I shot it and hit it.
"And he laughed, poor devil."
You shot me with a B.B. gun.
"And then for a while, you were a thief."
Fucking feds.
"You can screw with me all you want. You can even screw Evan, because he is a grown man who can take care of himself."
"Nothing, I guess - if you're a gay man."
Your status as a traitor might improve should you choose... to cooperate with the United States Army.
"But, then, I guess... something inside of me died... when I realized that you'd hired a goon to kill me. Wait a minute."
Damn it! - You missed on purpose.
You're the worst date.
I bought you your own body slave.
I knew there was a reason I fucking hated you.
Pretty cute and a fuckable body too.
Our only duty is to return your his corpse. - I believe none of it!
You mean sex with it?
"Mind if I shoot off, and look into it?"
"In that case, you gotta shoot it."
You might get burned.
"In one hour, the people of Paris will feel the bite of this dog's teeth."
All horse butchers know that Blanchat loves cocks.
I can't believe they would pull this shit on Dwayne Andreas.
Give me some of these. You're hogging them all.
You shut up.
You've got a bloody nerve.
It will spark between a queen and the poor vagabond who plays the king.
I am tough as a buzzard.
And sentenced to death by electrocution. In accordance with the laws of this great state.
Her condition is mostly mental.
Damned bastards!
I hate the fucking sticks.
They were supposed to be in detention and Will was supposed to supervise but instead this son of a bitch uses his own hard-earned cash to take them to a concert.
Pompous ass named it after himself.
"I said I was gonna stop at 20, and now, thanks to that finger-smelling fuck, I'm at 20."
"But that is better than being some weird zombie, prom-loving loser."
"As pathetic and as hopeless as this truck idea is, it can work if we try."
Gay fish!
That's a goddamn lie!
"Beheading chickens, raising zombies, how uncouth."
Those bloodsuckers might give me a few more.
"""Anybody who'd fly those racing starships I designed has to be a little daft."""
"Max, - execute."
I have to buy fucking Superman again on DVD!
If I see one truck or one aeroplane or one policeman... ...or one soldier or one person... ...we'll mow these kids down.
"""You are a damned Venetian yourself now."""
I turned my back and tell Truelove... ...you fucking ran away or something...
"You look damn out, Thomas."
"Look, I might lose my license for this... ...but my client is a vindictive, bitter woman."
Could this geezer be any more lame?
"Yeah, but stupid is so much more fun."
"Your wife is bleeding internally, Mr. President."
"""Monkeys!"
That looks like rape to us.
"I think you got Moby dick, sir."
"An awful country samurai, bragging about home and family."
Lutie Naylor barbecuin' a whole damn steer.
"Speaking of shags, how was your date with Doug?"
"""When Gregor's liveried man came galloping into HQ and yanked me off work, I thought the damned Residence was burning down, or my mother'd had a heart attack, or something."
I knew when the kid scored the winning goal. . . ... after I'd already killed him for screwing my wife.
What the heck?
"For someone who plays fair, you can really suck sometimes."
"Head detective, my ass."
A fucked-up Robin Hood.
"Unless Sheldon's there. You'll be trapped forever in his whiny, hyper-neurotic snot web."
"JOEL: ""It's goddamn freezing on this beach."
"Go so I can win, or I swear I'll die."
"These allegations, like the last one from this so-called journalist... ... are as ridiculous as they are untrue."
"Open the goddamn door, Vika!"
I've known scumbags like this all my life.
It's just that I listen to a lot of rap music... ...and I know how angry black people are.
"# You can't relate? Yeah, well, you can fuck off can't ya, mate?"
It's hard to imagine that just a few hours ago it was the goddamn O.K . Corral in here.
It is not only his lowly birth and the brutality of his manners which disgust me.
What do you mean he didn't fuckin' show up?
I don't want your damn hair.
Bob was certain that the man had unriddled him... ...had seen through his reasons for coming along... ...that Jesse could forecast each of Bob 's possible moves and inclinations... ...and was only acting the innocent... ...in order to lull Bob into stupid tranquility and miscalculation.
"Oh, shit. Sorry. Sorry."
I don't wanna hear your damn story.
"Why not? It's our country too, mister, and if you're Sinn Fein or any of that old rubbish, I'd prefer you went elsewhere."
Shut up! BO Y: I can't believe you said that.
"She stood silent, and in a moment she felt the blood rising to her cheeks, hot and foolish."
"Elias, go pick up that fucking mess, and you are this close to getting shit-canned!"
"Yes, and I performed fellatio on my wife... after lunch."
You can't fool an old fool.
"You kill him and the girl, and you're head of the CIA."
"A dog bites once, he will bare fucking teeth again."
Stupid enough to get busted.
We fucking kidnap him while we're high on nitrous?
I'll knock off a couple of Indians for you.
"You see, in your world, the lord giveth and the lord taketh away, but in my world, the one who gave me life doesn't have any balls."
Somebody is copycatting a very dangerous witch.
I don't really give a shit about your present.
Can we please cut the shit?
I'm surprised that freak isn't in there with him.
I want to just play black jack all night long.
"Well, I got to tell you, I'm not buying any of this crap."
"But If you come in here with this, uh, ""running a business"" crap, you're gonna lose some good people."
"And I am a doctor, damn it."
"We don't want to raise another kid, 'cause both our kids suck."
"If I was 25 and liked cock, we could be something. Oi."
It was the first time I felt that how pitying someone... ... and wanting to fuck them can get all tangled up in your head.
"That was a goddamn tearjerker. Why did you cut it, man?"
"""Blow, child, but touch not."""
I don't want to know about your dick.
But I'm sure I'm not telling you a damn thing you don't know yourselves.
You'd do a horse proud with the strength of that fuckin' stream!
"Well, if I knew, I wouldn't need that stupid thing, would I? CURNOW:"
"I mean, if your friend Bunny Colvin's up to his ass in bodies,"
I got the disease from you.
"You love Kitty and you can't forgive her because, first, you funked it, and then you bungled it. And then you ran away from an 18-year-old girl who was made a fool of by a uniform."
"Hey, just some friendly advice. Unless of course, you'd rather be dead."
You really look like shit.
That's why they call you cursed.
Didn't I tell you Mia's cooties get all over me?
You'il find your cell phones are now useless.
"""If this scum fixed it for an apocalypse to strike the world, they can damn well stay here and suffer along with everyone else."""
"Did you just leave her in the desert to die, Kevin?"
You neuropath!
Don't fuck with my cooking shows. T!
A... assfucktwins!
"These plates are filthy, dirty."
They fucking kill dogs.
Please don't be foolish.
"For statutory rape and molestation, but do we have her for murder?"
"Cool. How was Mexico, dog?"
"You don't charge him by 10:00 a.m. tomorrow, he's a free man, and you're sitting in a pile of shit."
I wanted to say to you how sorry I am about the stupid mistake I made in thinking that you were Sir Henry.
"I prefer to die, believing my brother, than you."
It's like working in a damn computer center.
Maybe there was something he wanted to destroy. You guys should shut up!
And right back to disgusting.
"Just because we spent the last 1 5 hours together and I've rescued you 1 5 times... ...which, for the record, works out at once an hour... ...how could I think you couldn't take care of yourself? That's ridiculous."
"Someone do the shit, I'm gonna play."
"What, are you gonna bust your nut to do something 9 million other jokers might do?"
"Woodhouse, you you sneaky old fiend..."
I'll give you money to shut up.
"The rest of you scumfucks, now that you had your shower and you're all sweet and squeaky clean, are gonna follow Officer Smith to your new accomodations."
If my moms knew I had a hottie like you up in the crib... she would beat the black off of me.
"If I was a girl, I would slap you."
"I'm no fucking criminal, man."
"He might have slipped out of the other door, but hardly without being seen; and he could not have played hide-and-seek with this hideous orc for long."
And tell her I'm sorry that we never got to watch porn together.
"Don't you ever touch my sister again, do you hear me?!"
Do we have to talk about that old slag?
"Oh, you know. Shit, I'm gonna remember that shit."
"Our nation's trying to kill itself, and you wanna give it the weapons to do it ! You son of a bitch !"
Father and son will kill each other?.
"""I wanted to kill them all,"" she said in a voice grown suddenly distant and cold."
Take it. Or I'll shoot you
You having all three guns does us no good ifthat freak comes after us again.
Surprisingly stupid. She knows a great deal of nothing.
"When they turned into the driveway to reverse direction, Annie rushed out and screamed at them to get off her land before she shot them for the dirty dogs they were."
Then clean his spit in front of him
I'm going to kidnap her back.
Ann-Hari was rutting a man at the edges of camp when the raucous whores’ justice caught her.
"See, I knocked up this hot woman friend of ours... who I fuck on the side... so I'm not to be all the way gay..."
I don't give a damn about this.
"On the count to three, you big butch bandits."
What the hell were you thinking?
"Her labia pull slickly across his face, and his eyes slip into darkness."
A gentleman would not use his fists on such a... pathetic creature or shout at children.
"They, being born, must die, and, being dead, are glad to be at rest."""
"Now... either you're not telling me because, well, you want to kill him yourself, or for some reason..."
"Shit, don't you understand nothin'?"
I cursed Mister for derailing my life.
"Shut up! You're bleeding, Harry."
I'm sure if I left her with you for five minutes she'd be on her fucking knees.
And pull your damn pants up!
And it's represented by three knights who are particularly awful.
"Miss Saxton, I don't give a crap how you lost your precious flower."
"You know, I'm glad I didn't kill you."
"And the women of Hendrake are as doughty as the men."""
And I don't know how to fucking get him back.
"Look, my daddy'd kill me, if he knew we were having this conversation."
"How dare you enter my house on the day my beloved husband died and utter such monstrous, ridiculous sentiments?"
"Wait, I know he's an unethical magician, and his tattoos are an inconsistent mix of hieroglyphics and cuneiforms, but he doesn't deserve to die."
"Shit, they're stuffed with meds."
"And when I catch him, he's gonna wish he had killed me when he had the chance."
Whenever you turn around we've lost another band to some shitty hack they got flyin' 'em.
Her labia were so big I didn't know whether I was eating her... or she was having me for lunch.
I'd like to know how many other balls he may have dropped that might lead us to the body of Susan Barrett.
PAM: That's the last frickin thing I need.
"He's no fool, he must know this book is authentic."
"In the butt you go, go, go."
"Oh! Darn the luck, I am."
"You got that expensive chase in the beginning, that expensive equipment, this fucking office..."
Your name is a mouthful.
Before we knew it that crazed redneck dragged Harry off.
Son of mimes.
"I'd say,""I lo you,"" and then I'd kiss you."
I thought Wilden got Ali pregnant and killed her to keep it a secret.
"""Damn."""
"Dammit, no more Mommy's milk okay"
Fuck!
"They wear the Revolution with these filthy robes, but the Revolution is ragged and dirty... ...it needs blood to bathe in."
This one's C-F-P.
Shut Up!
They have to hide or they'll be put to death.
"Rinaldo wasn't around to warn you, as I'd guessed he was doing, and I thought I'd have one more shot at you."""
"""She told all the girls some bullshit story about how we were a slave ship."
At least you won the gold medal for being a self-serving asshole.
"""Hubert Farnham, are you out of your mind?"""
"He wants to annihilate all humans, but I'm not like him."
He's 13. What do I do with a fucking 13-year-old?
"You were seen in your true guise, the night hag, by your victim."
Those Earps and their skinny diseased friend. . . . . .are gonna find out what a real fight is all about.
"I wrote a song, bitches."
He's using you to butcher the Ranyhyn!
I think I'm gonna go small boobs tonight. - You're disgusting.
Are you Meryl-fucking-Streep?
"And even when we were at my grandmother's funeral and you told my relatives... that you could see her nipples through her burial dress, I let it slide."
"Oh, how silly of me. I'm Snow White."
I'm sorry I had to shoot you.
Your mom's a drunk?
"Look here, Collier, don't fuck with me."
It's a miracle the kid doesn't shit Twinkies.
I'm not a fag.
Holly fucking Dwyer?
Good! Cuz I don't give a shit either!
"Oh, that died a long time ago, Archangel, when your kind laid waste to my planet."
"Keep your eyes on the bastards, will you?"
Totally useless.
"This is not my fuckin' problem, man!"
I hate Ross.
You okay there? I can't believe you two had sex in her dream.
"Nobody's gonna hear the fucking calls, Brenda!"
What I really hate... ...is a pussy with a gun in his hand.
Then he just puked his brains out.
We'll hit them and retreat.
Fucking love this program.
You bastard! you call yourself human?
"He's got to live with the fact he's lost his wife and his baby because he got involved with that loony bitch so if you think I should arrest him, frankly, Rachel... I'm tempted to think that says more about you than it does about him."
It's why they didn't fuck.
Shit! They're gonna eat us!
"""They damned sure didn't take them to shelters because they don't have any."
"Why the fuck didn't you say something, man?"
"""What a pitiful creature I will become,"" the drow lamented in his native tongue."
"Yeah, I wish I had some ass."
How the hell do you do that?
You can't break up with me. I'm supposed to break up with your ass.
Carrington wants his head on a platter.
Pretending not to notice my dad beating the crap out of us.
"You kill innocents, they'll never let you..."
"First of all, your mother is very sick, but she isn't dying."
"Hey, what the fuck you laughing at, dawg?"
"Well, you know. - maybe if you took a goddamn shower once in a while."
If you so much as touch me... ...you’il trigger six cryogenic bombsI've hidden around the city.
There'll be hell to pay if I tried to stop him now!
Chicks think I'm way hotter than you!
"Azizi: I guess I fucked up, T."
She's a fake.
The Negro produced a leather dice cup and Harper rolled.
"""And you got too fucking fancy,"" Jessup interrupted with a rude snort."
I guess we do have these three ugly farmers to thank for one thing: ...reminding us to be thankfuland aware of each other.
Bashed their heads in with rocks.
And string you up to a lamp post and throw your wife and your daughter in jail.
What the hell is that truck?
Pisses me off.
Shoot it!
"I saw a family of Negroes, a rare sight in our part of Arkansas."
I want you to spank me again.
I started working it and... shit... I've thrown everything into it.
You risked my ass without telling me?
"""Damn, girl."
You put everything you heard about devil anse Hatfield out of your pretty head.
He ain't got a goddamn conscience.
Turns out Lemon Breeland is just as anal and uptight as everyone thinks.
They ordered us to sleep in the damn things.
You're not gay at all!
We were just determined that we were not going to spend the war being some niggers.
"""Did I just father the most insignificant asshole of the 21st century?"""
"What the hell for?"""
"I was just a petty con artist, scamming tourists, running with a bunch of freaks, as we liked to call ourselves."
He's the fuckin' liability!
Who the fuck are you kidding?
All private detectives are scumbags.
"Stands before you a murderer, who shed the blood of their victims!"
They had the scent and were excited and in the stupidity of their great hunger they were losing and finding the scent in their excitement.
Where the fuck are they getting the guns?
"They are sick, and their entire family is sick."
Are you still my dirty boy?
"Dude, you gotta turn his head. If he pukes, he's gonna choke on his barf."
Let's play a game of whose life sucks the most.
Are you people crazy?
These silver bullets are overkill on you.
And who gives a damn what happens to me?
"I shall subdue you, Cecilia Algotsdotter,"
"You know, girls, they, uh... they eat that crap up."
"Then, of course, he got the mood swing and was depressed and he kicked it all over. ""Fuck it!"""
"He doesn't eat much, but he's a regular jackass."
To the best damn pilot in the sky
"As long asthe husband keeps his mouth shut, the missis and the kids never need to know they were one slip of the tongue away from gettin' killed."
"""Son-of-a-bitch won't even wait a second for an old man,"" he said bitterly."
What fuckin' news?
Hope the fucking lift's working.
Where in the bloody hell's Malky?
I didn't touch your damn drum set!
Finn would prefer to be burned by us.
I have to go before I put your head through a wall.
Where are those shits?
"I took it to bed, had sex with it, it fell asleep in my arms. It's gone."
So the Jew's a better lover?
And you can keep your damn souvenir diamonds.
"You'll walk out that door and be torn to shreds, and then your hell-bound pride will have them come get the rest of us."
Big like a buffalo but such a chicken shit.
"Next thing you know, end of the night, he's passed out on the fucking floor in the kitchen, pot on his head, pork dripping all over..."
"Listen, Red, Tub of Goo, Freak of Nature, run home, pee your pants, cry your eyes out, spank each other's chubby butts, get up, have an Eggo, run back here and we'll do it all again, 'cause I like working out on you puke-stained little punching bags."
That is fucking hilarious!
You... a cup of your drool.
I'll say you were put to death for somebody else two days ago
Then he'd beat me and beat me in my gut... till I got a sick feeling in my stomach.
I'm not afraid to die.
I love this jurisdiction shit.
"What the fuck, Lafayette?"
Like how the hell did a French pirate manage to hijack a covert S.H.I.E.L.D. vessel in broad daylight?
"I thought you'd fucked this up, but when I heard from Daniel... ...l knew this deal would go down."
But you're kind of evil.
Wait a sec. Where is that tubby bitch?
I would literally die if I met her.
"Bow down, slave, his despot."
You're just a figment of my imagination.
Who's in fucking charge?
"The real one, not the fake-ass spy one."
Holy shit. You work at a strip club? - :
"It's actually a... It's a matching game, where different kinds of gays battle each other."
You whine like a baby every time you get a hangnail.
"The bolt bounces off the thing's chest just as it would have bounced off Andy's, or a stone in the Son of a Bitch field."
Think I'm stupid?
"I didn't want my brother to get fucked around. I mean, what's right is right."
What the fuck is all this?
Torpedoes are ready for shooting.
Damn. The press is here.
Marissa got the axe... ...and now I have to watch as Überbitch feeds on her remains.
I slaughtered this horse last Tuesday.
You shitting me?
"You're evil, Sue Sylvester!"
"Why are you so fucking angry, man?"
They're a bunch of boring jocks.
Under the fuckin' couch?
"You ain't got nothin' better to do, than to come into Bill Sharp's town and show your ass?"
Looks like your dad's gonna get balls deep in your mom tonight.
"""Those wanks,"" Dinky said, but not without sympathy."
"""Now I'll die,"""
He motherfucked us like a pro.
So we'il watch out for the guards to make sure you cut them off.
"Oh, crap, I have to work."
This shit is not funny.
I'll hang the moon above you
"He’s like a dog with a bone, Hales."
You don't wanna fuck a stranger in the porno movie for some weird reason.
"I can't stand him, and I hate this goddamn car."
It's a damn side street.
She's got balls.
Damnit! And we thought we were so original!
Hell hath no fury like a woman fouled.
Fucking daft. You try explaining that to Dodd... when he walks in on Charlie banging her from behind... and slapping her ass on Sunday morning.
"Damn, I thought if I shaved, you'd wouldn't recognize me and I could keep it."
Jewish. She'll go to a Polish labor camp
"Stop it now, otherwise your mother will get hurt."
I promise you I'm going to find you a steak tomorrow if it kills me.
Use it today and I will take your blade.’
Same old shit.
Shoulder's still giving me hell.
"Long hair, pretty little mouth, perfect ass?"
What the heck...
"Johnny, you said the girl was on the fucking bus last night."
"And all the Australians behind me assume that I'm American, and they're losing their fucking shit."
"Sadly, because one of the fat ladies met her maker."
"Suck this one down, Uncle Willy."
"They say when you see yourself, your doppelganger... that it's time to die."
"You take the back, you take the whole damn thing."
Thought I'd take a stab.
But he was going to shoot me.
Goddamn it!
Damned black cat.
"Lord Percy, are an utter berk."
"Oh, well, they're both dogs..."
That's fuckin' filthy.
You are nothing like your mother.
"I'm up here to clean up your mess, and you're gonna fucking help me, or the whole world is gonna come down on your head."
You can shoot anything that moves.
You say you have proof that my father is a crooked hotel man.
So the virus bitch is going down?
"A bull male, his mate and their calf, ranged in a pathetic defensive circle."
Maybe he's just good in good movies and then acts crazy in crap to make drug money.
I can teach you all the computer shit you'd need to get a decent job anywhere.
"But one day, like 1968 or 69... ...he's looking at himself in the mirror and says, ""Damn, I look like Elvis."""
Nutjob.
"I got a gold Rolex, motherfucker."
Between women's legs !
"One isn't awarded a medal like this for flapping about like a lunatic, what."
Inside your panties.
I didn't freak out like this when you told me how many girls you fucked !
"God damn it, don't tell me I should know. Just remind me."
Or shall I bite your fingers off... ...one by one?
I'll disappear from your life you from my own.
Now I do it just to watch their fuckin' expression change.
"OK, hit me."
"She's a demon, Sam, period."
Look how big my boobs look.
So you're seriously thinking about marrying someone you're never gonna have sex with?
"Hey, man... just don't be jerking me off."
"Yeah, quit screwing around, Pam!"
"Call me when you get this message, bitch."
"We are detectives, you are the bloody tea lady."
How about you kill the rat?
"Hal, my son, when you read this letter I shall be dead."
"Well, I have, you impudent rascal!"
You know why Sarge is finding out shit?
"Oh, I bet it's that old goat Marvin."
Let's smash the window!
"Be a bully, James."
Raze the city to the ground.
"Look, Nate, you haven't sat till you've put your ass on one of these homemade willow chairs, okay?"
You believed people could piss on the dead!
I am talking! Did you dress up like a schoolgirl and get your ass spanked?
Are you the guy that's been killin' all them girls on the freeway?
"""I'm a frigging expert on destiny."
Why else have the damn dinghy? - What?
"Now, in 1962, he exterminates you... with ""Mant!"""
I'd like to see you turn someone into a frog!'
"Although, what the fuck happened to your pinky?"
"Shit, let's go."
So Olivia saw two people having sex.
"People don't forget shit like ""Finger Cuffs""."
"I'm a homosexual, Momma."
Frank's like scabies. You can't get rid of him no matter how hard you try.
"No, except for your belly and your tits."
This shit ain't funny no more!
You're a total brain. We gotta go get the camera fixed - and the film developed from last night.
"Bloody hell, you're not a lawyer ?"
What the hell?
We're all fools for our dreams.
"If Avdotya Romanovna does not accept it, I shall waste it in some more foolish way."
Let's just say that I wouldn't wanna run into you and kill the wrong one.
"Then the two ugly bomb-ketches, and then the other sloop, Raven, just ahead of Nonsuch;"
"Nelson and I had ore thing in common: we were both as horny as a herd of goats, all the time."
"I'm tired of this shit, man."
His ready to cut off your...
"Let's say that the police, I just shot."
"Nigger, that ain't nothing but bait."
Your brother always was a retard.
You’re a thoughtcriminal.
"The woman's navel was also the mouth of a human face, much like the orca's blowhole, and sometimes that face became the mouth of a larger face whose eyes were her nipples and whose goatee was her pubic hair."
"Oh, jeez, a homicidal maniac acting totally crazy."
"Why do we sit here, like two strangers, drinking sweet coffee out of little cups, soaked in the steam of this wretched Turkish kitchen, talking platitudes?"
He should dig his own grave.
Why didn't you fuck him?
You're goy!
"Look, stop fucking around."
"Took the employees, shot them."
"She distrusted the creative male with an instinctive small-town dislike (one that Edward Arlington Robinson or Sherwood Anderson would have recognized at once), and Ben suspected that down deep she had absorbed a maxim: either faggots or bull studs; sometimes homicidal, suicidal, or maniacal; tend to send young girls packages containing their left ears."
Did you think that would scare me? Huh? Idiot...
Operation screw the professor's mother is over.
What the hell are you doing here?
"""Who would believe that cheap, melodramatic filth?"" demanded Leebig in a hoarse whisper."
"So you're this comfy every night, and Lily still has sex with you?"
"First they're gonna shoot out those cameras, and then they're gonna shoot you."
You Latins are so hot-Blooded.
"Don't you fuckin' start laughing, but I've been thinking about going back to school, getting my GED."
"Yeah, you were sweating like a suicide bomber on a summer jihad."
"I mean, we just wrote that fucking song."
"Look, I know you got Diosa with the MC and you're all hooked up with Teller's mom and shit, but we got business, too, ese, - and you ain't been anywhere around..."
Why don't you just kiss her?
"You know, there are other ways to show your love for each other other than having hot sex."
You bad panda.
"His myopic witch's eyes, through the thick lenses, may be looking into Gottfried's for the first time."
And we just cower in here while they slaughter our brothers.
One of Burton's dumbass rap enemies.
And everybody's got a fucking future.
"Sweater capes, calypso music, paisley tops, chinese checkers, High-heeled flip-flo that lift up your butt and give you a workout, and you, Liz Lemon."
"""What in the hell--?"""
"""Served in SEAL Team Four, picked up a goddamn Navy Cross in his first tour of duty,"" said the undersecretary of state."
You're unreal.
"I see the squirrel, bitch!"
throwing things to the peons in the back.
Why don't you two cut the shit right now?
"Craving someone to talk to, he grew in a fish tank... a poor migraine-ridden brain."
I can't read your mind... ...but I sure as hell can muck about with your brain.
And bring Natalija with you or I'll kill you!
"For a moment, he begins to doubt the sincerity of her performance... ...but she quickly goes into her next act,the pathetic drowning duck... ...with all the cries for helpand all the ""glub-glubs"" the scene calls for."
"You got any idea why this Singer woman would wanna kill herself, Jack?"
"This is nature, bitch."
Cameron thinks you're my personal sock puppet.
Tomorrow I will take it to the end of the earth and throw it off.
Suicide would be way down on my list... ...probably down past lighting my own house on fire!
"You, Ben Gonzalez, and some demon hunk are gonna throw down?"
I just... suck pie off my sweatshirt for the next half hour.
"Hit it, dad, tear it, dad, uncle Vukmir is shooting."
That's a shitty deal!
"Harold, that's disgusting!"
I don't fucking care
Bush and Cheney didn't know about that shit?
That's a big-ass neuralyzer!
And now that your government has no further use of you... ...you are being thrown asideto starve and die.
Get off of my foot! - Shut up!
There isn't another soul on this fucking planet... who has ever made me half the person I am when I'm with you.
This is some racist crap.
Get back to bloody Russia!
"Hey, if you get any info, intel, insight, fucking call me, all right?"
"As Honor said, this would be a splendid hammer stroke at those stinking slavers, if they can pull it off."""
She knows no prostitute militia will punish her.
I know why you said that bullshit.
And on my birthday he'd give me a fucking phone call.
"It was as if God had decided Delacroix needed a guardian angel, but had decreed in His wisdom that only a mouse would do for a rat like our homicidal friend from Louisiana."
Get the fuck off this car.
"""That fuckhead!"" snarled Ned."
You can now get back to the top of your slutty Christmas tree.
"""Now wait,"" snarled Lanning, ""I am - not quite the fool both of you make me out to be."
Damn shame I don't have any eggs.
A smart ass even in the face of death.
The murderer pushed the knife into the eyes and twisted it.
Sean Tate fought dirty.
"Boo! You know, you're a real goofball sometimes."
"""We're here, we're queer, dry your hands on us."""
"They're nerds, they're awkward."
Who the hell are you?
"""They are houseless rogues;' Briza spat in response, still not turning to face her mother."
"""If we were to inject you with one single bolus of this drug, you'd stop breathing and very probably die."
She's just a little gremlin.
Pretty damn fun.
But they still fuck.
"One more goddamn time, Archie."
That's a hell of a body shot.
Won't be a spot in here without either the fight or a girl in your face.
"If it meant that you could feel emotions again, the way you did on Ohniaka III, would you kill your friend?"
"""You can't quit in the middle of a goddamn crisis!"
It's not the first drug dealer that wanted you dead.
"For someone who doesn't stop going on about Formula One, you're surprisingly shit at driving."
Alex is also a name for a boy. Do your mom kind of screwed you.
"Two more in the chest for Skeet’s idiot buddy, just for good measure."
"What the hell is that, Rhodes?"
"Okay, listen, I knew that the only way you would believe Steven was a bad dude was to literally walk in on him in the worst possible scenario... having sex with your roommate on your birthday cake."
Did I not just say shut up?
Like a New Mexican shithole.
"They may be mental giants, but by our standards, physically, they must be very primitive."
Idaho is dead!
What the fuck did Ordell ever do for us?
"OK, how about a black Russian?"
"Klein's Bastard Boy was out of her life, and she out of his."
You're a drug dealer? Was.
Fire the gun.
Bring Moses to my house or you'il never see your girlfriend again.
Why do fools fall in love?
"After all the crap I put you guys through, and I didn't even kill him."
Put him in thedungeon with the woman.
"Come on, damn it."
Throw me that bag.
Death is a fuckin' Denver fan.
"I think, with all due respect, if you talk to her, I think she'd be into some seriously freaky shit."
2girls1cup sex scenes hanah montana orgasm kama sutra nude linkin park amnesia ibiza wwe bb8 big brother akon enrique iglesias hentai basshunter sexy girls pamela anderson sex video jonas brothers xxx power rangers mistic forse
Get your ass back here alive soon as possible.
"I stank worse than a peasant, and was glad of it."
Who are the lucky bastards?
Why'd you bring me soup? 'Cause you're sick.
I'm slashing my wrists.
And what faeces you here?
"""Damn good."
Somebody is copycatting a very dangerous witch.
Once she opens her legs for him... ...she can open her mouth and denounce Wolsey.
You don't tell your father shit.
Damn good idea!
"Because if I'm going to a fucking doctor, then I'm going to walk..."
I thought she was probably a little crazy.
"Cut the shit, Ryan."
You don't have to be such a jackass.
So if we're done measuring dicks... ...can you have your people show me what you found?
"The god damn shuttles mean more to them than you, me, the entire crew !"
"Swear to God, I'm too tired to fuck with you right now."
"Don't peek behind that curtain of fame and celebrity, because if you do, you'll see them as they really are: degenerate carnival folk."
Let's wake those losers up!
You fucked who?
The modern woman's a mess of contradiction.
Just give me the fucking bottle.
"Now go ahead and bag some of this shit up, man."
"It looks like that, pure lunatic."
"Yeah, but the woman was a bad actress. She sucked at playing a mother."
Take him alive!'
"And, you are not a native of this world, and sooner or later it will drive you crazy."""
"Your father was a drunk, wasn't he?"
"You'll put water in it, you'll drown her."
At least they aren't pussies.
She slit her wrist.
How about that side boob?
CASTLE: There are two kinds of folks who sit around thinking about how to kill people:
"I went naked, writhing, panting, thrusting at you - and you ignored me."
"What the fuck, I don't show up for eight years, all of a sudden you turn my office into a storeroom?"
"Hey, old man, did you fuck that lady last night?"
"This is only in a scenario where just you and I are gay, not Marshall."
"Well, that's because this version has no idea what she's going to write about, so she kind of sucks and is totally panicked."
Judges give lenient suspended sentences to the worst hoodlums.
Sorry. - Shit.
You're going to have to finish me off.
"Come on, let's get the fuck out of here."
And the only way to get it out is have some crazy ass lady who lives in a bus out in a swamp perform a $800 exorcism on me that there's no way in hell I can afford?
That's crap. Sales were up 10%.
"""That's for damn sure,"" I said."
"I told you a thousand times, take food from fat kids, and you never take a kid's dessert."
What the heck?
"Oh, shit, you didn't evenbreak the fucking skin, man!"
Terminate her!
It's a joke. You'll understand when you're in the fucking seat.
You think I fucking wanted this?
Damn it. Maybe they were right.
I was kinda having sex with Wade.
"Dude, this place is a dump."
I wish I died on that day.
She just thought that that was money in exchange for sex.
Damn it. Anybody seen Slater?
"Yeah, when McCain got here and found out that the deal was basically done, he went apeshit."
"Fuck! I was supposed to call Kjell-Åke when we got here, but I have no signal."
"I got a new vacuum cleaner, it really sucks."
Then why the fuck do we have to leave the house?
This is the worst piece of crap I’ve ever seen.
It's no more unnatural than putting in a boob three times a woman's size...
I can't let her kill you.
"Get out of the damned lift, Yuri!"
"For God's sake, shut up, man."
"Fuck you, Willie! - Ow!"
Remember that stupid thing I told you about Sean?
"He looks mean, but he's just a big old marshmallow."
"I know, and rare shit tastes amazing."
"Hey, Plowden. I got a shitty feeling about this one, man."
"You are a readin' fool, aren't ou, Mr, Dorr?"
I am not going to end up a 31-year-old divorcee on welfare... because my scumbag attorney had a sudden attack of conscience!
"Simon, you're infected."
"You... you can't just, uh... you can't just fucking give up."
"""Mommy, I want a Kick-Ass party."""
"""No, and I hope you fire them all."""
Where's the fucking money?
Who the fuck?
That's ridiculous. Your experience with the Borg makes you the perfect man to lead this fight.
"But that I didn't kill her husband, you see."
So you had sex with him ?
"""Especially from the Palmer Institute and that son-of-a— Uh, I mean that jackass Houseman."""
Cathy will go nuts.
"I mean, who doesn't want to sit around a table with a bunch of guys and suck on the same thing?"
Fucking fantastic!
"But, you know, every time someone rises up in this world, there's always gonna be some asshole trying to drag him down."
I still haven't forgiven Alex for changing all my contacts to Harry Potter characters. ~ What a twat! ~ He put himself as Voldemort.
"He's fuckin gone, mate."
"Okay, well, I'm not gonna kill anybody with a sack of flour."
I'd like a double espresso so I can stay up all night because I'm in the mood to fuck.
Aren't you guys all just fucking on the Internet?
"You've the arrogance common to every mage, friend."
"Oh, damn you."
"but six months and not even a so if she's out there, damn it, we're gonna find her. Hmm?"
I can't even leave my fucking apartment.
"When you see me hit him,"
I'll yell at you all I want.
You put her on the goddamn phone right now.
What's up motherfucker?
Don't you feel sorry for yelling at that snoopy old bitch.
Right now I'm taking her body.
And the kids eat that shit up.
'So you are a witch instead?'
"You should talk. After all the rubbish you said about arranged marriages,"
I don't wanna kill. You wanna die?
And not for a bunch of lousy cheats.
I can't wait to see the look on Kyle's stupid face when he sees my iPad has more memory than is!
"I'm having my tea break, so say what you mean or fuck off."
On the fucking ground!
You look like a scarecrow!
Let's get shitfaced.
You're also on my black list.
"Senor Bond, you got big cojones."
It's the only language they speak-- these thugs.
"Don't desert me like this, among all this filth."
"Quantico, Virginia Alexander Michaels, Commander of the FBI'S elite Net Force unit, fell on the floor, smack onto his butt."
"No, a computer can't tell you all that crap, l'il tell you."
He managed a big foolish grin.
Your father to die.
"With a sloping forehead, bulging teeth, pockmarked nose -- an ogre!"
"Hit me, Cap."
"ln a crazy city if one is to survive, he's got to be more crazy."
You don't want the goddamn army around this place.
"Dammit, that was the last borges, and I was positive."
It's gonna scream bloody murder and call half the Manticores in the city to come save it.
I'll tell you how long before you bleed out.
He might have been a scuzzy weirdo who shaved his sideburns into star shapes...
"Well, I guess I'll be seeing you, ya nitwit."
"Actually, what I'm wondering is what he sees in you, since you treat him and everyone else like crap."
I'll tell you what: you find me a story that gets me ratings and I'll let you report on as much idealistic crap as you want. Genevieve?
Only if you electronically lock the doors... ...so that they suffocateand die a hideously painful death.
"By was dressed in his usual taste, in a maroon suit conservative only by town clown standards."
"I wish people would just shut up,"
All leaders must finally be sacrificed.
They're willing to kill humans to save humans.
Fucking weird.
"Fuck it, I'm retiring anyway."
That jail is... it's disgusting.
You don't nearly tear a man's head right off and hang him in a tree. Yes.
"Black cloth obscured her vision, cleared as Tully pulled one off her, and she rattled that one's brains."
"If you're a traveler, I'm bloody Twiggy."
"One, two, three, four, five, six, seven Shut your mouth, and you'll be okay."
You cheat me at fish... ...and you sleep with the fishes.
"Thomas, you're a bookmaker. You're not a fool."
Get off of him!
I don't fucking cry.
"Shit, I ain't worried."
You crazy? If you can't swim then why jump into the water?
Go back to your mother.
"Eating his flesh and sucking his bone, Like it was the last barbecue rib at Rendezvous."
"You got the pictures, she can't bullshit you, and that's the end of it."
Where the hell were you?
"You're my only hope of surviving here, Mr Tucker. I don't intend to let you die."
The Viper woman is evil... we both know that.
I think you're a liar.
"If I hadn't been screwed in Argentina, you think I'd be here now?"
"You'il get yourself blown up, you don't open that door."
"He's just a little fucking Gandhi, isn't he?"
Damn it.
Psycho.
Whose goddamn expenses?
You got some nigga ears.
You ever see a chick give a mule a blow job?
"You can give this chickenshit to your buddies, hear me?"
"If God wanted you up there, he would have miracled your ass up by now, wouldn't he?"
"I don't know what you're into, but the shit is rolling down from a lot higher than this office."
"Hell no, Cruizer."
Now why don't you get off my back?
Bitchin' in the kitchen or crying in the bedroom all night
Xena's blood or die!
"""No rape, no maiming, no actual intercourse, no hostages, does that really tie your hands that much?"""
"Okay, first thing, we need to call an exterminator."
"You're not fucking with that thing, are you?"
"I'm sorry, shit."
"Fool, I heard the DTK."
Chinese burn!
You're the monster.
"Well, that don't mean shit to me or anybody else in this world."
MARINO: By killing Mrs. Miller.
..so I made sure I fucked the one that was coughing.
"For fuck's sake, just jump already."
Denny. Don't be a bloody fool.
It wouldn't take long before they started talking trash about you.
The gravelings declared hunting season on my ass.
It's damn near insane.
This muthafucka's hit the jackpot.
Librians... there is a disease in the heart of man.
Want to suck on your hand instead?
"Well struck, dog."
To be a man and to be ugly is bad enough.
He's saying that Pike is dirty.
"They might be exterminated entirely or forced to live in shackles like penned animals, surrendering even the meager freedoms they still retained."
"The pathetic herd accompanying the Chain of Dogs died on that march, animals simply collapsing, even as the Wickan cattle-dogs converged with fierce insistence that they rise -dead or no - and resume the journey."
Get the fuck out of here.
"(COUGHS) Master, I think this little guy is sick."
I just wanna rob banks.
What the hell did you do?
Get the hell off of my property.
The Fuck and Smoke and Sleep and Rollover and Get Out of Bed and Wash Your Crotch and Go Out and Buy Two Cans Mr. Pibb and Go Home and Fuck A Whole Lot More.
How the hell are you?
"Aw, crap."
"This is scat,"
I hope he was a baddy.
"Has he had it in your pussy?"""
"Brothers, man, they always bitch --"
Did you pull some shit in school today?
"That's who I am, a poor and miserable man."
"How dare you, wicked sisters?"
Let's find out what makes this flying monkey tick.
Money's for One-Niner shit only.
F¡n¡sh tell¡ng me why French women are more seduct¡ve than Amer¡cans.
I can feel your pulse in my thigh.
Strong killers with hillbilly armor.
I was stupid to leave my pain pills in New York... ...but it's been a while since it's flared up.
"'Kill me for duty, kill me for personal reasons, the risk is no more.'"
"If they cut it, Herr Flick will make you burn the town."
"No, he fucking ain't!"
So you got the shit or not?
Shut up. I must have you.
You'll wait till the chump is played?
You're a pig?
"He fell off here, damn!"
"Fuck you it does. - No, it looks like a bootleg."
"Mike, just for fuck's sake go and do something!"
"These suckers, I've seen one jump clear 50 feet out of the ground, like a volcano."
"Larry, what the hell are you doing here?"
"For once in the history of Chicago, the PD wasn't being racist asshats."
Halt them!
"Stop, you fool !"
"Hey, fellows, kill the lights."
"In ancient Greece, you would have been killed for this."
"He's throwed in with Zandramas, but then this Urvon fella, he comes along, and he's got this whole army out of Jenno and Ganesia and folks in armor and some real ugly big black dogs with him—not to mention all the Grolims."
"Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but I like women with a few flaws and a brain."
Being killed is pretty final.
"You have the dirtiest mouth I know, and you have the second dirtiest mouth I know."
"He's a pompous beggar, but he'il keep this old place together."
"Pass to Bender, who shoots! Save, Witherspoon!"
Kahless would rather die than live under Molor's tyranny.
"You know, Dick, it's close to my lunch hour."
"They hang people for that, Cora."
It's a suicide run.
"I don't get it for them, then I got fucking problems, capisce?"
"Sure, I'm thoughtless, I'm idiotic..."
"I know it sounds stupid to you, but it is important."
"Find me a blade and I will slay a hundred to regain life."""
I'll do lines off her forehead while I'm in her up to my nuts.
"What you need is cheat codes... ...motor skills and a genie who grants wishes... ...to little boys who suck at ""Mario Kart. """
Seth is single-handedly fucking the future of this company and there's nothing we can do about it!
"Yo, Skylark, which side of President Kim's ass you gonna kiss?"
Let me give you a hand job in the sauna
Just 'cause now you're the fat one?
"So one day he got a telegram and the next day two soldiers turned up on the doorstep and Jim Garraty had gone with them, blustering, and his wife had closed the door and her cheeks had been pale as milk and when Garraty asked his mother where Daddy was going with the soldier mens, she had slapped him hard enough to make his mouth bleed and told him to shut up, shut up."
The pig-fucker's still alive.
"God, my mother makes me sick..."
His asshole father will never know.
"""Don't play games with me, midget,"" Muriz snarled."
Waste of bloody money.
"Well, that's too damn bad. 'Cause now you're gonna spend some time in jail."
"What does that mean? It means if you must be Mike Lowrey... ...I don't give a shit, that's who you'll be!"
"But in modern England he was vilified as a swaggering brute, a second King John, the butcher of his own restless people."
You will not use the excuse of that pathetic... that humorous document to blackmail me!
Get on the fucking floor.
Wouldn't it be nice if we could eliminate them completely?
Erlich gimping around in his goddamn hot rod is not discreet.
"But at least I'm not a big, fat liar."
"""Sorry, ma'am, but if you would've just..."" ""turned the corner a little sooner on..."" ""your superstitious crap, we could have saved your son ?"""
"Probably a bunch of love letters, some half-gay poems and shit."
"But you are my enemy now, and I will bring you down.’"
Is he going to die too?
I've got to get in my car before I fucking melt.
But that cartel shit is gonna undo all of it.
You don't want to hear the horny details.
I'm a fuckin' animal!
"Play deaf, dumb or blind?"
She's fucking with the system.
I don't give a damn about your priorities.
"He was a sad, sad pussycat."
I'm going to make myself hate him!
"They would wait for a bus to come through, Stop it, force all the passengers off, And shoot them."
This place makes me sick.
"Now, you know why there are so many devils here You got it"
"Oh, fuck, no, please."
"Do you give a shit about the bureau, stan?"
Kill House.
"Right now I'm a hostess, waitress, bartender, busboy... ...because everybody you hire comes to work... ...whenever they fucking feel like it or ends up dead."
They were beaten to death by brass knuckles.
"How about a name, asshole?"
"She's a real bitch, isn't she?"
How about damage to her spinal cord blocking the signals from her genitals?
"I've got cases of my own backing up, and the precinct's shorthanded with all this shit, so, if you don't mind..."
"Instead, you disgrace yourself with these outrageous lies."
You're a joke.
Now shut up and sit still.
How long have you been killing people for a living?
You stay the hell away from my brother!
"Look, I fucked up your front fender."
"Oh, you're fucking kidding me."
I don't know why a monkey like that can become a teacher.
"L win, you get your ass back home and you're at MSA first thing in the morning."
When the hell you going to get a haircut?
I had enough gross guysfor one weekend.
The pig needs to be up and earning by week's end.
No one will ever say parasite.
Your judgments cannot be based on any such foolish abstract as that Atreides notion of equality.
"""Pathetic,"" she said."
"It's still Maryland but y'all don't take that shit to Hamsterdam tomorrow, next time it's West Virginia."
"His brain is turning into mush, and he's at risk for more infections."
"This morning, my wife woke up and said I was old, bald and ugly."
"Mrs. McFly, one of your maggotsjust jumped on the Baxters' dog."
"Lotsa people where I come from does but my mama taught me not to cause hurt to no man, niggers or not."
I feel pity for her. You live like a dog!
"All right, cut her out of there!"
We'il take you wherever the bloody cat is!
"You are still mortal, Lady."
Sometimes... It's incredibly satisfying to wind up and punch someone who deserves it.
"""I see it as the price of stupidity,"" Phule replied, grimacing slightly."
"And it was your big idea to have sex, not mine."
Is not gonna kill you.
"I could tell you something, I earned my green belt, and you talk shit about my mother again, I swear, Don..."
"Oh, her looks are killer."
"McMANUS: ... a ruthless terrorist. HAMILTON: Tom Zarek incited a prison riot that resulted in kidnapping, attempted rape."
"We're not gonna store the motherfucker- - Don't you fuckin' realize... that if Bonnie comes home and finds a dead body in her house, I'm gonna get divorced?"
"Don't be a slob, don't get a job, go back to class, you can pass."
"'Lead them hard, or you'll beg to be allowed to die,' he promised."
"I fucking need you, Ray."
"Hey, Bob, you know when they, uh, caught up to Rodney, they tackled him, and his pants came halfway down. He's splayed out like that, with his hands on his head, ass in the breeze."
Ridiculous!
My stink. ...your feminine charms.
"So killing someone, even someone like Tyler Faris, violated that code."
"We look at other couples, and we're just like, ""damn, we crush 'em,"" you know?"
Mm-hmm. That is some cool shizzit.
"Fuck you. who'd sooner call a cop from halfway across the city than do his own dirty work,"
"Go back to your room, rude girl!"
"'Oh, Hood's balls!"
So you saw my head butt?
"""If my battle-line has to go into Parsifal without hetlasers, or if I have to wait for the new construction, the losses will make them really shit in their pants."""
And don't tease me at a crucial fuckin' hour.
"When you had sex with her-well, you can work out the rest for yourself."""
You can't miss. Unless the Western Union dicks get ahold of it.
"And if we stand any chance of getting back there, you have to pull your shit together."
What do I want to do? Kill someone?
"Yeah, I do suck. Probably why Jenna rejected me."
"Just one hit, you scavenger."
It's like a... like a crappy-looking football team that manages to win 10 games every season.
"I begin to suspect that that murder only occurred in a drug addict's brain!"""
Just get in the fucking car.
The human meat sack who's infecting me.
"If he said that, that son of a bitch is lying."
It’il shoot down a plane.
"Why do you work at a job that makes you crazy, Mom?"
"Yeah, those needed to die too. Well, while you were in our living room hosting a burning man festival, I was at the pastry school getting us a work-study arrangement."
I'm a damn good bio-chemist.
This animal leaves the court with no stain on her character.
"Your body dies right out from under you, and the next thing you know, you're just a pile of ash!"
"Do something, or this fool... ...will put pictures of you isolating instead of treating... ...all over the internet."
The hostess is giving me shit for not wearing a black shirt.
I knew it was stupid to run but I couldn't help myself.
And after that if you're really certain you want to retain custody then we'll go in there and beat the pants off them.
"Get the fuckin'money, Jimmy."
"Now you must choose who will drop out of this triangle, for within 60 seconds one of you must die."
After he took all my money and ran off with that peroxide blonde.
"I'm not loading all this crap into my car, not here."
How did that shit taste?
"It is, of course, your decision, but if you do open these doors again without letting me know, I swear to God I will burn this building down with each and every fucker inside it, do you get me?"
Why would I agree to that? I want you dead.
"Whatever you think of me, you should know he hates old people... ...children, dogs... ...and that broad's cryingstill in the exit room."
What it seemed to amount to was that even nerds have to have someone to shit on.
"Cause I wanna live, motherfucker."
It's always good to hit you.
He talked about how his grandmother would starve him and make him sleep in the dog house. How she would beat him senseless...
The old devil left a note for us to say that he had rather be a free crossing sweeper in New York than a large mine owner under the power of a ring of blackmailers.
"You know, lubrication. -that's gross, dude!"
I fucking gotta go to the mall.
"When the, uh, little boy's in the womb, the door in the floor is a... vagina."
It sucked. My poem sucks.
"""Damned shame, too."""
I was his driver. - No shit?
"Thank you... ...""a disgusting carcass on a bed scattered with stones, Its legs in the air like a woman in heat... """
"You are just like an old man. Playing checkers all the time, don't pay any attention to your wife."
Bet when your punk-ass woke up this morning... ...you didn't think by 5:00 you'd have a hole in your leg.
"You, on the other hand, have decades of experience dating and being attracted to losers."
"Our greatest fear is that a grayboy would catch a ride... ...with somebody and would carry them out of here, without being consumed. To scatter the infection, like Johnny-fucking-Appleseed."
Nobody gives a damn what your face looks like anyway.
Because you're a drunk.
"But though I never made any attempt to conceal who I was, not in all these years has any woman come to me, nor her kinfolk, and said, such and such a woman bore you a bastard child."
"Hey, man, you know where that, um, worthless old dog painting that you had hanging up in your apartment-- do you know where that might be?"
I hate these flies.
"""Forget it, Lassiter,"" rasped the religious fanatic."
I'm looking for a stabbing victim.
"""I would be a fool if I wasn't,"" I said."
They build jet engines and weapons systems and all kinds of crazy electronic appliances and they don't give a flying fuck about art.
Any man who can create this chamber of electronic marvels would be able to devise a machine to stab him in the back 12 times.
Why would you settle for good when this Flash shit makes you great?
Fucking help me out here.
Knock this crap off!.
"""You're not going to make me inventory the whole damned thing, are you?"""
"I mean, a girl's got to protect herself from getting stuck with a loser."
I don't give two shits what they say on CNN.
Give me a fag. They're at the back.
I thought we already killed that one once.
Okay. And then I'd be stupid not to have the bomb.
"There's not enough sun for that, sweetheart. Shut up!"
"Anyway, you want insane?"
"This scandal hits, you burn like the rest of us."
"My greatest fear is to make a really shitty, embarrassing, pompous film on an important subject, and I am doing it."
"You bet he did, right before he died a very painful AIDS-related death from having unprotected sex with so many people."
Get off of him!
Stick around if you want to see your mom's tongue fall out of her mouth.
I'm staying the fuck away from you!
But I heard him ask for forgiveness thousands of times. You're mad.
Drink some ginkgo and let the photos burn.
That girl's entire fucking family is dead.
"Thank God Prudence is going back to England tomorrow with her little sex doll body and her effortless whimsy, and I'll finally get Luke back."
"Guy screwed up, got my dad killed."
"It's okay, silly. I'm here."
I'm nobody's little bitch!
"So he said, I shot one of those animals."
"If this is fucked up, I wanna know how."
Don't you fucking dare.
You have killed and you will kill again!
"One, two, three, foreskin!"
I was drinking before you got out of your father's cock.
What happens to the loser?
"You'il never take me alive, you mother...!"
"Then she pulled a goddamn Keyser Soze on me, and like that... ...she was gone."
Everything tells me she's a loser.
So I made sure I fucked the one that was coughing.
"I don't know, Uncle Charlie just never treated me like I was some stupid kid."
Where'd your goofy ass smile go?
You look like a bloody film star.
Didn't the police tell you where he leaves his semen?'
"You need at least one old queer on this flyer. Excuse me, yeah."
You're focused on boobies at a time when a massive storm is about to hit Philadelphia?
This monkey don't know what to do.
You want them shitting themselves all over Hester Street?
"The Incredibly Fat and Gay skinny, straight man?"
"And you, listen to me. From now on, it's chicken and fucking rice."
I dropped the piss I've been saving on their heads.
No more bullshit!
Get out of here. This is my trashcan.
We have to do this shit because it's hilarious.
Now move your ass or you're fired.
"Oh, boy, you're a bloody mess. Dog:"
That's where you've fucking been?
Born to screw and bred to sing. That's me.
Mom's kind of hot.
"You as good as killed him, the pair of you."
Dr. Temkin in Ortho- such a sore loser. He was convinced one of us had some sort of inside info.
"But I want to make sure after I tell you, I don't ever hear from your sorry ass again."
Rubbish! It's a serious offence.
"Besides, the hormones in that clock-cock can make you get a third nipple."
He's probably feeling like someone hit him in the head with a shovel.
"Denzel's about to become a human condom, and my poor little baby has been brainwashed by a gang of landscapers."
"I've seen people fucking strung up, slammed down because they missed their moment when it came."
Having sex with her would be an act of bestiality.
I don't give a damn if I never see you again.
"When I come home, I'm gonna rent a car and run you over."
Lousy friends.
Can somebody shoot him? - Dukes.
"Uh, virginia has explained to you The importance of a vaginal examination?"
You're scum! All of you!
Mallory strangled his ass... ...when he made the mistake of asking about her parents.
Get the fuck out of the car!
That's the third time this week the damn thing's gone off an hour after they quit work.
"Hey, don't stop or your miser of a father will shout at me again."
You're still alive because you have no weapon. And they didn't ask me to kill you.
Although Tony did make me a kick-ass Denver Almond.
"You bastard, it is my daughter, daughter!"
These thugs will never win.
Take him to the ground.
He'il shit if he sees this.
"Don't smile, I beg of you, at a woman who is so wretched."
"You are drunk, baby."
"And my sweet Pepper, she never mistreated him or took advantage of his moronic nature."
But I fucked it up.
Get off me!
"We love him! - Sorry, green fool."
"Compton growled, ""If I could get off this tank, I'd kill you."""
"If one of those disgusting women starts talking baby-talk to me one more time, I'm going to turn her into a toad.'"
You're stoned.
"No shit, but that don't change things."
"'You really are a disgraceful spectacle,' said Winter Kay."
Gerson's been taking credit for my work since '58... ...when he replaced my asswith a monkey.
"He laid the top sheet over his penis, hoping to create a crude filter, and urinated through it into his cupped and shaking hands."
Who in the fuck do you think you are?!
They have to be sure their secrets are safe. That's ridiculous.
Pig farmers have to get used to living alone.
Got caught with five kilos of their own shit.
This was all happening too damned quickly.
"So do I, but I balance that shit. I don't let the crushing pressures of the workday world interfere with of my life as a sexual being."
"What a cosmic ""fuck you"" it would be if you were the last person I kissed before I died."
"Ladies and gentlemen, electric cars, they're totally gay."
We have to find a virgin who wants to bang the entire lacrosse team?
"Of course, you cannot have sex with Donna either, so--"
"Let him lie, but listen to me, you hicks."
"Um... Holy crap, you're eating the King Cake?"
Tops. Why don't they just nuke the whole damn city and be done with us?
You get sad 'cause you shit and piss yourself?
I don't think she gives a shit.
This nigga need a daddy. Wyatt:
"The official version stinks."""
"""Which Napoleon was the greater coward?"" he asked his imaginary visitor."
Think I'm gonna have to shoot it?
"It's a damn shame about your wife, Jim."
"I got a taste of first-class and now I'm back in coach, squished between two fat ladies from Toronto."
"We'il call the marines, get a service record, reach out to some people in his unit, find out what the fuck happened that day outside of--"
It's just the damn water.
Stop being an old fucking woman.
"The rat-faced little Drasnian had put aside his pearl-gray doublet and his jewels and gold chains and now wore an old brown tunic, shiny with age, a moth-eaten fur cloak and a shapeless, battered hat, once again submerging himself in one of his innumerable disguises."
Damn!
"Billy almost got his brains bashed in by her pimp, but ... we managed to impale the assailant with a boom pole through the chest."
You know ... to kill her.
We kind of need you to pee in the radiator.
Not very damned fast.
"Very funny, the alarm clock in the garbage."
How the fuck should I know?
"Parsons: They're a private army, killing for a profit."
Damn it!
"""Do you think I want your deaths, too, on my hands?"""
Because I'm high! Fuck!
How long is my fucking sentence?
Why do we expect it To be fucking perfect All the fucking time?
Oil crisis be damned.
I shot her because she had just killed my best friend and my worst enemy in my platoon with a single hand-grenade.
"I told you, I hatedworking for that jackass."
"She's hiding in her fucking bushes, as usual."
"If that's what you think, you are naive... Or ignorant... Or I don't know what."
"You think white people go around calling each other honkies all day, man?"
"I told you, all the men in my life die."
Tonight they will shoot wine.
"""And he that curseth his father or his mother... shall surely be put to death."
"Let's go, we got shit to do."
And we're gonna have a damn good time today.
The boyfriend was pros­trate with grief and useless as an eyewitness.
I told you to stay in the fucking truck.
"No, they just don't like loud, obnoxious Americans who have no interest in any other culture."
"From now on, I will become a woman who makes the men go crazy."
Dad reckons he used to be a bit of a nutter.
"There's a big bucket with poop in here, and nothing to eat."
"His body was accoutred with armour: chiefly, a sleeveless jacket of stiff kaidaw skin with three capes and a belt, which latter broadened over his girth into a sort of sporran serving to conceal his genitals swinging under the coarse matted hair of his pelvis."
Insanity is doing the same damn thing over and over and expecting a different result.
But sex is always pretty good.
"And that guy who worked for you, David Clarke, was just a patsy."
"Oh, shit. Maybe we tipped too soon."
Stops creating silly ideas about ourselves.
"I think that if you were to cut off one of her hands, it would probably grow back into another jackie."
It's just a lot of bad shit's been happening since you got here.
"Yeah, and Kelso wants me to keep hiding Doug until that attorney leaves. Isn't that ridiculous?"
"Honely,if we don't merge,we're screwed."
I don't like it at all. Little titties.
Now cut it-- use the knife.
That leaves just two bullets.
Holy crap!
You don't have a goddamn clue what's going on.
"Think before you tell them something... how ignorant men could interpret it, what they could do with it They aren't objective."
Are you denying that you're a homosexual?
How in the hell did kelso deal with all this paperwork?
What the hell's the matter with you?
Let's hope big witch and little watch got that coffin open.
Your cynicism is fucking exhausting.
See if you can get his ass out of that chair.
"What exactly did you say to that pompous, bloated toad?"
"If you don't leave this car immediately, I shall personally feed you to the bear."
"Seems like every time somebody shits around here, y'all smell my ass."
Your husband and all the men and women following Marcus Chaplin will die if we can't end this now.
You're fucking warned.
That is why it worked when I shot Rya'c with a zat'n'ktel.
Dupaire on my place! Scoundrels!
"What're you doin', cocksucker?"
Ed is on my ass just like my dad's been my whole life.
"Hey, if somebody's joking around out there, this shit ain't funny."
Yeah. Just your ordinary coffee shop rat.
We'll lay siege to the castle and bring back his head!
"I wouldn't like a woman to be hanged, any woman... just because my husband had a rendezvous with her. In jail."
"The bite still hurts Like a bitch, but everything else is better."
"Good day, puss-cake."
"Look at them heading home after their dirty, filthy hookups."
"Cute, white ones. Not the rats they feed all that artificial sweetener to see how long it'll take them to explode."
I've only seen soldiers who kill and pillage... but you're ready to give your life for mine.
We're trying to figure out if some disaffected lunatic shot the President of the United States.
He's the one fucking wasting your time.
"We're licked, Sheriff."
Think people would give a shit?
This maroon piece of shit at nine o'clock.
Because there's a fucking gun in it.
"Like, I never wanna kill anybody else again."
Hutch just took a dump in front of us.
"Shit, comes to dunkers, you solve probably six, seven out of 10."
"I'll have to take side streets, and I'd have to come at night -- will you just shut up and get your ass home?"
"For fuck's sake, Moody, stop fucking around!"
"So, you snapped her neck."
"There is a thing whose legs are fourteen horny, pointed spikes -- a thing which has no head, no eyes, no gut, but does have seven tiny pincered mouths, each at the tip of a flexible tentacle."
I screwed myself.
"Hey, you. How dare you even ask me if I'm a samurai! You got some nerve!"
"It's a damned long way into French territory, Sharpe."
"Later, they'il explode."
"Well, how'd he screw it up if he shot himself in the mouth?"
You know how I told you the last guy I had sex with tried to kill me ?
Juan Castillo... went to jail... for having sex with a goat.
I should have Sarab cleave your head from your shoulders.
Just enough to keep you from getting punched in the face again.
"The boy, a filthy urchin, looked like one for whom bravado was as important as life."
"She's wearing her Birthday Bitch hat, like she oughta."
"""You're going to make him sick,"" Garion accused her."
Fool! Renegades!
No one knows shit about Hope.
Rushing into Petar and hacking down a few Joinings before being killed would then be an act of stupidity.’
All three were virgins...
Those islanders and their pathetic seesaw haunt my dreams.
She stole the tape for her stupid reality show.
"You can maybe stomp her foot not on purpose, not screw her!"
"Maybe I should just say ""Fuck you, Mom!"""
You never know what I'm talking about. You never tell me sh--.
Get your ass out of the car!
"And very fucking scary, if you want to know the truth."
"So I think I know more about humiliation andbankruptcy... All right, all right. than some lame dilettante director. okay?"
You think that Sherry could have sent the first letter... and made the whole thing up just to fuck with you?
Your pee.
"Translation, ""Spaghetti fried shit drunk."""
Would you look how lonely this poor schmuck was.
I put them in this box just to screw with you.
Shoot it!
"Oh, leila, you fucking have no idea."
I'm gonna have to tweak this shit a little.
"New Order went off to ibiza, and took two fucking years to make the album."
She might well be dead.
I thought you fucking searched them.
"Frankie, they already killed Ma and Pa."
This is going in the garbage.
"It's all nonsense,a.p."
"She is the Lady of Shadows, with a violent ""other"" hidden in her brain."
"Uh, I just didn't want some crackhead looking for revenge."
"I want to see this process working by tonight, or you're going to watch your friend die."
Sick son of a...
I'm just really not smart at talking to women.
Must the world accept the rape of girls who were kidnapped by the occupying forces or their militias?
Then you must bury your mother.
"Listen, it's not my fault that this stupid travelling show... ..is completely mismanaged."
I want to know if you'll blow me in the car.
"Keep the fuckin' press back, will you?"
You must be asking yourself... ...how repulsive-looking the guy thasgonna make you his woman gonna be?
“You like to hit old men?
"Paul, how the hell are you?"
"Go ahead and laugh. But according to the latest research... ...Tinnitus, which is what they call it, that's what I've got in my ear... .. I don't make this shit up, is an actual disease."
"Now I'm on Saipan, with a giant Zippo strapped to my back and I'm roasting human beings."
Sole driver of a van full of nutters.
"So, that and the fact that Quinn's out of town is really killing my sex life."
"Piss off, you've got nothing."
Don't treat women like that!
"They ate alligators, drank lead... ...pissed musket balls, gave the ConFederates hell."
You're all a bunch of Judases.
Toss them.
Know what stinks on you?
This bloody woman takes whoever she wants and now she's taken my woman.
"Credit cards, cash, my fucking I.D."
Why don't you start by not eating all kinds of rubbish yourself.
"You're too young to be at court, naughty girl!"
Are the black worms a lot longerthan the white ones?
You shot him in the gut.
Coyotes came down from the hills and fucked them.
I just think I think that you think I killed your son.
"Until he really likes you for you, instead of because you're slutty."
You've ruined your bloody life.
"I don't get it. We've been chasing demons all night, searching cemeteries all night, and no freaking vampires."
"Damn, ain't gonna be getting none of that today."
I want to get out of this damn place.
"You couldn't have a murder without a body, but with a body you damned sure had a murder."
"Oh, the absurdity of these inferior beings."
"With the first punch, I realised he was made of the same shit..."
"We're not gonna let you cum yet,"
Think it's a good idea to be shooting people up there?
Stop this shit and come out?
Why don't you chokeon your Spam?
"I wouldn't tell anybody this, ofcourse, but... when Valencia brought you home and wanted to marry you, to tell you the honest-to-God truth, I thought she'd brought home a first-class loser!"
"Here. That's more hole than ass, man."
She just fixed your damn leg.
Just a bunch of punks... ...who better watch their backs!
"This is our neighborhood, you black bastard!"
But you are a whorehouse doorstep man and we are the cream of the country.
The only thing he cares about is pushing his lunatic foreign agenda.
The traitor confesses!
"Jesus, fuck!"
Cut the woman down.
"I was nothing but a miserable, unworthy priest."
"Shoot him, Walker."
"And then, 18 years later, when your son found out, you killed him as well."
"In such cases the shot must be placed immediately behind the base of the horns and aimed towards the mouth, and bleeding must commence within 15 seconds of shooting."
"It's the first time I've been away for so long. . . . . .and personally, I hope I never see you motherfuckers again."
"Benny, you can fucking do not choose who you fall in love in."
"Too young, too tall, and far too German."
Take them alive!
"And if you think fucking justice and vengeance is gonna help, then you are fuckin' misguided and you are fuckin' lost."
"I do, and I don't give a shit."
"Rachel... she's great, but we both know who the top bitches of that glee club were."
So save your fucking lectures for someone else.
Fucking with me was the worst mistake you ever made.
She was a lunatic about savin' bugs.
We damn near killed them both!
What the hell's your problem?
I've always been a sucker for a woman who's a boy on my arm and a puma in the bedroom.
A universe where things turn out a little differently. - Fuck.
We ought to run you Jews out of town.
"I'm the only person that gives a shit about you people, and you won't even tell me where my wife is?"
"You think they're gonna let murderers and rapists out of this place, ever?"
PYRENEES IS BIUTiFUL
What the hell did you say?
"If you go back in time with me, you could be vaporized,"
Is my pee as clean as a Mormon variety show?
Then it's all bullshit they fired a guy for falsifying his resume.
"And to do that, I have to pass this damn European Geography test."
"Shit, then you've got nothing to worry about."
"You be talkin' nonsense, Mister Ben!"
"You'll suffer a curse upon you and your name, Haddock."
"I see the girls who sneak out of here in the mornings, and they're really yucky."
Get the fuck outta here.
"I'm going through my operative's report from the Dion Stavros mission, and I wanted to take a look at the crime scene photos, but your lazy ass hasn't uploaded them to the server yet."
"I know you guys just broke up, but damn, Grayson. She is not a leper."
I ask you... ...how can you fuck the only people who ever cared for you?
"Damn it, we can't shake these clowns."
I must slay you to regain my honour.
When was the last time I spanked you?'
"I've named her Courtney Love because she killed her husband, she's full of toxins and..."
"It's another CIA cluster-fuck, sir The locals aren't getting the message"
"Please. Like you never forgot about $90,000 in your fucking freezer."
Damn it.
"You poor, poor blind man."
You were more his son than me. You took all his crap and you didn't even get to take his name.
"You know, don't show up with your people and your signs and your ""stop wasting your breath"" bullshit."
Hey. Any of you bitches want to party?
You know how stupid that sounds?
"And you ""procured and suborned rats... to bite and infectJehan Perrinot so that he died of a fatal miasma."""
"She's his watchdog, not his bitch."
Where the hell can you buy a black mirror at?
I've already killed hundreds.
Now you don't have to tell the cops... ...they don't tell me how to do it or how it's gonna be. I fucking tell them.
"It emerged from the flames as steel, heated and ready for slagging."
I don't understand what the fuck's going on.
"And like a fly's bite on an elephant's ass, ignore it."
"You're not buying a fucking TV, Mr. Frampton."
The news said it was pretty fucking bad.
"I need to talk to you. Look, Gacy would be executed, Glen."
"They're containing the fucking city so nobody can get in or out, even the president."
Charles is a sick man And he will not help himself.
A new pair of tits for the wife?
"Just keep telling yourself that shit, you know?"
"Finally the truth after 20 goddamn years, Mom ?"
You think this kind of shit hasn't happened here before?
Shit!- Give me a break!
I don't want to sell you death sticks.
"""But the wretched creature has no sense!"""
"When Claire was excited, she'd pee on my leg."
"You can never have enough hot chicks at a party, right?"
Who the hell is Johnny Carson?
You're not even a man anymore.
It is a dead and worthless thing.
I wanna end you right now.
I'm so sick of this face.
"I'm Myself, I'm looking for someone to have sex with anyone. """
Calm down and shit.
"You let Sarah go without a fight, you're more of a fuck-up than I am."
"You come anywhere near me and Molly, I swear to God... - Danny, please shut up."
What the fuck is wrong with me?
"What? Kristina, I am so horny for you."
Keep talking about guns and bikes and a robbery that I don't have a fucking clue about.
Have sexual relations with amber madison at his home?
"""Hacked by yer drow, and one ate up by his devil cat!"""
American jerks are going home
"The only thing more satisfying than shooting mr. Snow, Was the moment you told me he was dead."
"Damn it, Spencer, I told you to stay in the car!"
The woman with whom I-- - Fucked around?
Loaded cheats
"Yeah, it's over there by the fat girl, the big nose kid, the the midget and the kid with pock marks on his face."
"Dude, your girlfriend just went from the lamest to the coolest in one shot."
Blackmailers can smell fear.
"For behold, I am a miserable sinner."
"I'm the crude, dumb, vulgar American who doesn't speak any other languages... who has no culture, right?"
They do weird shit to my brain.
"Why, for fuck's sake?"
"Fuck the bags; if we don't split right now, we'll miss the train."
"we want to get rid of you, son."
You treat me like garbage.
Damn!
That's because the moral spine of this country has been weakened... by permissive attitudes... and an unabashed tolerance for homosexuals.
"Uh-huh. - And he fucked around and got himself Shot to death in one of them telephone road bars, man."
"They said if you don't stop drinking, you're gonna die."
Goddamn Romeo.
Me...tell...white trader... you...steal...ivory.
Santa sucks.
"This is ridiculous, man."
"""Just what the shit is going on here?"" asked Mr Elwes placidly."
It was a stupid idea.
"And Jedi's the most insulting installment! Because Vader's beautiful black visage is sullied... when he pulls off his mask to reveal a feeble, crusty, old white man."
"Me, on the other hand, he sees as an insignificant little man, barely worth mentioning as he talks into his annoying, penis-shaped tape recorder. So I said to him,"
'One village in particular looked very gay.
"50 years from now, all the virgins you ever fucked, they're going to remember you, right?"
Goddamn it!
"You'il never fucking punch me, John!"
"Nice pig, doc."
I stumbled upon a few texts she sent to some manwhore named Brett.
It seems silly for you to go all the way out to Brooklyn and come back.
What the hell is he saying?
"You guys are gonna BUTT-FUCK, aren't you?"
"Vampires are always so cool, so in control, but werewolves are, well, shambling animals."
"I guarantee you, the more you hit this bastard... the slower he's gonna get."
You're the puppet master.
"All right, so... it's not that... the Jew runs the media or that he owns all the banks, it's that they're sexually corrupt."
"To hell, allegiance! Vows, to the blackest pit!"
Shut up!
"When the Soviet Union was crap, we thought we had something."
You're so pale and skinny.
Why the heck are they trying to kill me?
A fat man with a bright red face and raggedly cut hair was rolling a beer barrel across the floor towards a wide door near the back.
"That blonde over there wants to ride my wrinklestick, yo."
That parasite must live in his car.
"If we don't hit them now, and hard... they'll be back again, and again and again."
You mean more than you already have with your widow-making death jizz?
'—and I bet it's full of rats.'
"And it is fucking unbecoming, your lack of interest in the truth of his demise."
"This castle contains more ghouls, ghosties, long-leggedy beasties... and things that go bump in the night than on any other place... on this revolving, revolting, maggot-spinning Earth!"
And don't ask me to bring him back with that ET finger thing because that's a load of crap.
The guy fucking laughed at me.
What the hell is wrong with you?!
"I'm sick and tired of these bullshit complaints because some ""vato..."" ...doesn't like getting thrown to the pavement by a woman."
"I've sucked a lot of cocks in public places and no one's noticed, except the person involved."
"Damn your pride, William."
Do you ever stop fucking eating?
"Aw, just throwing all these old, like... dolls and compasses and hair brushes and shit overboard."
Couldn't even pick up his fucking toothbrush.
Bush’s Intellectual Torturers
At least the same fucked up.
Your credibility was compromised when you failed to report a call from the subject of a goddamn FBI manhunt.
"You fuck one of the patients and all the rest of them lose one of the best therapists-- Patrick, please."
Blaming yourself for what happened two years ago... won't change a damn thing.
"He's here to shoot the gym, not just Ryan."
How the fuck am I supposed to facebook?
"Major Mountjoy-Standfast stared empty-eyed at the damn, damn map."
"Musketeers on the rampage, robbing and murdering."
"""Or you are shot!"" Bentley said."
Before you pulled that shit with Fogarty... ...I was a shoo-in to take over when the boss croaked.
"You were terrible at math... and organization, time management, personal hygiene."
"I saw Bedford in many relations--as an ass or as a poor beast, where I had hitherto been inclined to regard him with a quiet pride as a very spirited or rather forcible person."
"Shut up, I'm losing count."
Executing anyone.
"This rotten, lousy, high-society pack of hyenas..."""
"I could shoot flowing hair, legs, nipples, lips."
Your skin is like crushed velvet.
"Let us fell this foul beast - there's food to be eaten!"""
Clobber him!
"What the hell, I'm just guessing!"
Killing a hundred takes great concentration!'
I stepped forward to beat him up and throw him out.
Once she made me eat porridge with hen shit in it.
What'd the law do for Felix-fucking-Finch?
"You're not like anybody I know or have ever met or will ever meet. You're just-- Oh, fuck!"
You and miss duane came up here to have sex in the boss' office.
"if you want a good fuck, go home with one."
"Well, if you stop bitching... just one minute... maybe I could think of something."
'Damn!' said Dace.
He's the kind of guy who'd drink a gallon of gasoline so he can piss in your campfire.
You knew she was miserable.
"'Hang you,' he said feebly, 'couldn't you have hit him easier and given me a go?'"
"I mean, shit, I don't know."
"I deserved the cake in the face,"
"Susannah had two, her arms crossed over her breasts as though she were cold."
"No. Andrei, you're gonna black out, man."
"Okay, well... there was this one gross guy with a magic stick..."
"Useless - there was no feeling in his hand, which flopped like a speared fish."
"No, see, I know it's a stupid idea. Because, I actually did freeze myself.and... you were right, Kyle."
Blind assholes in Oh's District.
'Don't be a fool!
"Electrocution, gas, firing squad."
How to think I learned ... ...to draw that pussy hair?
"Take it easy, Pig."
"And if we fight and any of you try to sneak out of here before the action starts, then he is going to find my sword stuck all the way through his liver."""
Whose semen were you eating?
I think you're very cruel.
Most of what we say is trash.
"Who are we, Jeff during sex? Huh?"
He kills the victims While they sleep.
Michael Douglas-Gordon Gekko wannabe motherfuckers figuring out new ways to rob hardworking people blind.
This town is so lame.
"Your Honor, that priest took in kids from the street, he pounded us with his words, and busted our balls."
"Later, they'll explode."
Can I sit on my ass for a minute? Nope.
Rat overboard!
We'il freeze to death.
I-I can't believe he knew they were gonna kill her.
Congratulations. -I thought I married a writer - instead he's a vicious man judging savages.
Because I ' m going to eat you alive.
"Theo, kill the strobe!"
"I suck, this is awful, I'm a complete failure as a human being and a Warden, we'll never pull this off?"
How disgusting!
Don't fucking lie to me.
"I'm just saying, I don't wanna bugs and shit crawling over me chewing on my flesh."
"I will slowly seduce her until she falls helpless into my bed, hungry for the pleasure only I can give her."
I'm a suicide risk.
'Cause Negroes can't see at night. Bad night vision.
Coke is fuckin' dead as dead.
"People have to die so that in their place more people will be born, right?"
The black pimps?
My fucking beautiful Beemer.
"Well, then we'd better figure out some kind of story on how Tara got turned and one that don't end in you blowing that were-bitch's head off and me helping you dispose of her body."
Bning youn big ass down to Bros. Bar-B-Q. 15837 South Crenshaw Boulevard.
Men like me? Men like me follow goddamn protocol.
"This brute now came up to Carter; and although the captive was being held by five other apes, he grabbed him cruelly by the hair and jerked Carter into the cage, at the same time kicking him viciously."
"You know, with all the shit that's gone down lately, you know, it seems that, you know, maybe it's time we get out of this life, bro."
Damn.
Some fucking respect for starters.
He's like a geek God.
"""Shot through the head at close quarters."""
You know how much I love balls.
"Serves her right, getting killed."
you!Blackmailer!
Take my fucking coke?
We didn't have to hide to have sex.
I'm pretty sure it was me who fucked up Kagan so bad.
Bald-headed old...
"Woman turns down my proposal, I'm pretty fucking sure I'm not gonna stay friends with her."
"But I warn you, Jews tendto answer questions with more questions."
"Shit, I forgot them!"
"You like killing things, Orc?"
"You two, dispose of our guests."
I guess that's what happens when your fiancé tries to slice you up into small bloodless pieces.
"""I will never..."" - .. ever... - "".. ever..."" .. fuck Mia again. "".. fuck Mia again."""
He decided that the boss must have a hunch that this silly business had importance not evident.
"Because I wanted that pedophile to admit it. You know, to expose him for who he was."
What the hell you think you're doing?!
"""That monkey knows what time it is!"" ""He's got his shit together."
How dare you be so damn ungrateful?
I always though that mens hearts were in their cock...
Call that lawyer and you tell him to stick it up his ass ...
Why won't you fuckin' leave me alone?
Give him his balls back! Let him fight me!
Get off me!
Big friggin' surprise.
"leaving her alone to rot in an attic somewhere with her cat, her big jungle cat, who was sitting in the corner, just licking his paws just wanting to eat her stupid face off."
Hey. When did you get so fucking delicate?
Fucking ripped off.
"Look,I know it sounds nuts, but this is not the way a resurrection theologian would kill his pregnant mistress"
May you and collarbone broken.
"Because if there's a God, what the hell is he waiting for? Genocide?"
Fucking Christ!
"Teppic staggered upright and lurched across the sand to You Bastard, who was trying to work out the complex equation which would allow him to get to his feet."
I'm getting you home before you catch your death of pneumonia.
"No, let's throw him into the river."
Shoot the boys out of there.
We planned to move away from this wretched city.
"What are you still doing here, dirtbag?"
"I was going upstairs, and somebody on the 2nd floor fired a shot from inside and grabbed me by the hair and said, ""You syphilis."""
Go fuck off!
"Marek, fire it!"
It makes you crazy.
What the hell is wrong with you two?
"Anyone says anything to anybody about any of this, there will be hell to pay."
Stupid! What are you doing here?
"Kim, have you got a fag?"
He may die from those wounds.
"Sam, can you muzzle this mutt before I beat his ass with a newspaper?"
"Did I ever tell you guys what a forest fire sounds like coming down a mountain at 60 miles an hour? Oh, shut up!"
"You want your money, you show your fucking face!"
The sick kindly bank manager with the heart of gold.
You were the one who made me give a shit. Do you remember that speech?
I decided it was the wrong time to bullshit.
I am once I find my fucking keys.
She was sentenced to death either by burning or decapitation according to the King's pleasure.
Get back! This is a big fucking signal.
"""Damn,"" she complained without looking up."
"Go waste your poison on someone else."""
"What the hell, Susan? Why would you do something like that?"
That catty witch is just jealous 'cause you're a 41-year-old hottie who can pass for 38.
"I wear all this Italian shit because underneath, I still feel like the Bronx."
"""What if that loser Jerry hadn't talked me out of the abortion?"""
We're gonna do it right damn now.
"So this guy Sylar, he kills people like us?"
His eyes felt hot and his skeleton felt rickety.
"I told you I'd pay you back, asshole!"
"You pussies owe me, big time."
A freakish stalker... ...with an embarrassing crush on Joey.
"If I can't shoot up, you can't use my phone."
We could bust half you clowns right now!
Just another picture of this fucking war puzzle... ...that you try to figure out?
Have you had sex?
"I need you to grab it, yank it and never speak of it again."
What are you going to do about it with your goddamn binoculars?
"Damn it, why are they making me dance?"
"Damn girl, it's adoption day!"
I'm supposed to sit here and listen to this crap just because you own the club?
You will kill the dragon!
So I suppose now you want to ravish me.
"Look, Ricky, I understand that you're busy and shit, but I haven't seen you for, like, two weeks."
Take my shield ... for one little fuckup.
Just fuckin' tell me.
You have deliberately invited the death penalty.
Robbing a fucking working men's club?
"Make it Christmas, so I don't have to go on that fucking cruise."
"""She was just a stronger mentalic."
Why in the hell didn't you stop them ?
I shot him once. It didn't slow him down.
"I'm sorry that you're caught up in the middle of this thing, –But your father— –My father and I have absolutely no relationship whatsoever, so whatever— –Your father is a really terrible human being."
I'm still a little fat kid to her.
Whitman had made Charlie Starkweather look like a piker and a real chump that afternoon in Texas.
Shut up? Is that a yes?
And who are these so-called gay leaders anyway?
Let's tear it up!
Lisa Mitchell is a real-life bully.
I'm just a fool in love.
Lannister smiths shit better steel.
What the hell do youthink I'm trying to do?
Don't let him fuck up.
Time to get rid of all this junk!
I wasn't fuckin' thinking.
He knew exactly where the fuck he was going.
Who's got the big dick now?
Do you hate the white men now?
"How can I get rid of that phone, It's in my goddamn hand!"
"That kind of sucks. We're not even done shooting, and you're just taking off?"
"Damn it, I just sat down."
"The point is, I'd been a fool."
"That's just the blood in your mouth, mate."
He might have given the order to shoot volunteers or bulldoze houses.
Just get in the damn car.
"Yuri: I had a flair for languages. But I soon discovered that what talks best is dollars, dinars, drachmas, rubles, rupees and pounds fucking sterling."
"""Holy shit,"" Quinn said."
She's been snogging you for three months.
"It's ridiculous. People say... I can't stand the fashion crowd, I like architects, not artists."""
What the hell's this room made of?
To eliminate them permanently!
"You listen close, asshole."
"Yeah. And if Laura and her bourgeois lawyer friends can't handle it, fuck them."
Why don't we talk about vaginas?
Chapter 21 Gideon Templeton let the new converts do the killing.
I may be a fool.
"Hey, you're lucky that white girl didn't die."
Listen to how crazy you sound.
That's sex.
How many times have I told you to shut the hell up?
Now I gotta find a guy who can haul away 500 cases of wine... because I can't stand to look at this... shit... anymore.
It's nature's substitute for your mother's breast.
"You who doesn't look at a fucking piece of paper?"""
"""A Pervert!"""
You like that shit?
"As your attorney, I advise you to drive at top speed... or it'll be a goddamn miracle if we can get there before you turn into a wild animal."
"Write it all down, everything that you accomplish in your lives, every crush, when you fall in love, when you start a family, every time you fantasize about wanting to kill Damon."
"And because he had, there was no way Abigail Hearns would be alive when the murderous scum at the foot of that hill finally overran them."
"Don't just sit there, damn it!"
Don't call me no scumbag.
"Sexy, dismembered by darkness, her thighs, belly and navel floated towards him, hips moving languidly, green-striped."
How the fuck else would you do this job?
Stupid. You're not that good a dancer.
You guys are a burden... you are dead weight!
"The ink on your papers, and that silly business of the rucksack."
"Ooh, baby, you can hit me as many times as you want, as long as you got that on."
I thought you limp-dicked bitches could use some.
If I put on a few pounds... ...will you be able to stifle your vomitlong enough to have sex with me?!
"By order of Zebulon Vance, governor of this great state of North Carolina, any soldier turned deserter is guilty of treason, and should be hunted down like a dog."
Your are crazy to go back there
What the hell does he wanna talk about?
"Damn, it makes me hungry."
"But the gold, the mirrors, the miles of Baroque ornament drove von Göll himself a little daft."
We give him the woman or else he calls out his gangs. It's gonna be a goddam bloodbath.
The room the Gestapo reserves for pathetic crooks... ...who waste their time turning in fellow Poles.
Actually I hit him with an apple core.
"They call women ""chicks."""
"After all, these Papuans are poor creatures, and I am unwilling that my visit to the island should cost the life of a single one of these wretches."""
None of your fucking business.
You got a heavy head for an airhead
"You were the gayest, happiest creature in the world once."
"The forces of darkness and treasonable maggots... who collaborate with them, must, can, and will... be wiped from the face of the earth."
She's insane with fatigue.
Trying to catch a goddamned killer! Move it!
"You are horrible, Paul"
"Man, that bitch hung me out a window!"
Guy bashes in his family's heads.
"And after I'm done, I'm gonna wrap my hands around this throat and I'm gonna squeeze until it breaks."
Don't corrupt my baby. She's too much like you already.
Canny of you to bring her.
Obviously not as pissed off as your killer.
"A point where business bleeds into other shit, feelings make things financially unfeasible."
"Why are you making a fool of yourself over her, then?"
"What do you want, you freak?"
"So if you just dropped by to have sex, forget it. (CHUCKLES)"
"So the killer started at the knees, then shoulders, and finally, a fatal round through the heart."
You have to go 42 blocks in 7 1/2 minutes or your ass is fired.
"Frances, I don't care if he's on his fucking death bed, he's got to be there this afternoon."
"""I have no doubt that I am very stupid, but I must confess that I am unable to follow you."
"When roused, that harmless little man is as savage as a wild cat."
Even dragged me along on some of his danged fool expeditions.
"I think first, you know, David and Tom touched dick heads."
Give me what I want and I'll consider it. Fool!
Reminded me you're a damn good firefighter. Yeah.
"Shoot, well, what are the cons?"
"Besides, everyone knows that the real hot piece of ass in the family is your mom."
Best left for boring Russian novelists and teenagers on acid.
"You get to be on earth and look at shit,"
"You so much as remove your wristwatch, your son dies."
"Guy put a gun to Jo's head, Sam."
I think it's a ridiculous idea.
Now I gotta get Donna a crappy gift.
"Oh, those terrorists."
I'm going nuts.
"Damn, I'm getting eaten alive out here."
Now I want you to sit over there and keep your mouth shut.
Means he loves you damn it!
I'd suggest sending him to an institution... that can order him to keep... ...that big mouth shut!
You didn't tell me he'd gone this crazy.
"Uh, no, I wasn't having sex with my father."
"Oh, that witch?"
"All right, yes, technically, she does not suck."
You could've fucking broken it!
"Even if it isn't rigged with explosives, it's still a fucking nightmare."
He sounds like a man just coming back from a hard punch in the gut.
I want him gone.
"Fucker's gone, man."
I don't suppose you can tell me why the painting I sold you yesterday... ended up in the head of some dead thug.
Do you want your bones?
"When it's your turn to use the bathroom, you tell Aunt Wendy to get the fuck out of the bathroom."
I never want to see you again.
"As much time as I spend in this lab looking at microbes, you'd think by now I'd have antenna growing out of my fucking ears."
"What, you been underground all of six months, and you think you're a fucking expert? You know what, Strode?"
You will only torture yourself.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
"""Paddick jerks off under the desk in lessons."" ""Paddick feels up all the girls after class."""
"We need the evidence for search warrant, damn it!"
Someone who gets other people killed.
I bet she great bonk.
"A crazy man, granted, but Okay, Okay, Jonas is bad."
It no doubt pleases you... ...since it would accord with your view that we're all monkeys!
"No, not on purpose, but you can't control the shit that's growing inside of you."
"You're determined to get me shot, ain't ya?"
Lf you fuck up this time... - Not a chance.
He's a dick.
"""Fucking A,"" Earnhardt agreed hoarsely, and Santos managed a strained grin."
"""And you've the heart of a rabbit,"" I retorted."
I am sick of your foul language... ...your crude behaviourand your sluttish manner.
Just pull the trigger to shoot it.
Have I done my job up to your goddamn standards?
It's my oaties!
I wouldn't go for a scumbag like you in a million years.
He will not make love to you or marry you until you have seen and accepted his beast.
"""Lay me down, let me die in peace."""
Who would want to eliminate both men?
You're not as... you're not as loathsome as the rest of Akley's drones.
"Come on, all right? Today you tried to kill me. Now you want to defend me?"
But you don't even have the balls to call and let them know!
"Barkeep, double dead guy please."
What the hell's wrong with this thing?
"But before then, Bast must again send forth death."
When she just dying because me and amber screwed up.
"Dirty and tired beyond all reason, she was anything but sensuous woman with whom he rather goatishly desired to share a bed."
Go as a goblin.
When's he going to fuck the next elevator?
Wanker!
You can't do freaky shit in that car.
Wicked waste.
"Anton Zilwicki called it ""being hoist on their own petard,"" an archaic expression which Thandi understood once he explained, but still found a little silly."
But I was a coward - as so many women are - and my theoretic unconventionality broke down.
You gonna make me fuckin' come out here?
"Yeah, maybe I will and then maybe I'll use your thick skull and knock a hole in the wall."
"Yeah, all they wanted to do is serve their country and take a stand... -...and protect assholes like you!"
How often were you having intercourse with animals at age 14?
How in the hell do you know all that?
You con artist.
And the thing had no feet; its body simply ended in a butt like a green-black thumb.
"She would stand at the side and snipe and bitch, never participate, never risk."
"Look man, we don't wanna fucking hurt you, okay'?"
What the hell?
How disgusting!
Anyone who interferes in my matters.. ..I will break his legs and make him beg on the streets.
Harris looked like an iron-pumper.
You don't know where the fuck I'm going every night.
I said shut up! You don't know what you're doing.
The queen killed herself with a snake.
Again: can you just assure me we'renot having sex with spitter tonight?
You needed someone to make fun of before you die.
"You need fucking driving lessons, man. ...in a haze of tequila."
"Fight, or you'il die of starvation"
I don't drink with losers.
Fucking awful.
"""THEY will die."""
Fuck that. I ain't shoveling anything for you but your grave.
Sucker! But that guard would totally remember me.
"Key, y'all put my shit on CD!"
Destroy the SSC and let the virus burn itself out.
"He would depress it and blow them all to hell by saying ""What's that?"""
"Oh, honey, I was over there earlier, and I saw some hardcore shit,"
This cowardly attack was... the work of Yakuza thugs.
"I know, but there's the fucking charges."
"Forget it,chuck."
"Fuck me. You'll see, Murph."
"He's a psychopath! He reminds me of ""The Silence of the Lambs!"""
"Stop beating around the bush and ask me, ""Did I rape those girls?"""
"'His full name is James What The Hell's That Cow Doing In Here Poorchick,' said Magrat."
"Or Hercules the Foolish, as you would have me known."
It's like a large round stone with some shit on it.
"But yes, I did. I came all the way down here to tell you... Story, no story... fuck your story."
The only thing you should remember is that everyone else is either reckless or inept.
"You'll tell us what we want to hear, or you'll watch him die, too."
Tape his legs together!
"Um, are you fucking Annie?"
Hey! Stop fucking with Korean Jesus!
"Sing me a song, or I'll blow up on you."
"Richard, you're behaving like a baby."
"God, you drive me crazy."
"What are you doing, running in here like a silverback fucking gorilla?"
I thought the goddam thing would cut me in half.
I'm gonna tell my mother that this man raped me?
"Look, you can take the piss all you want but this is not the end for me, all right?"
"Get your arse up, Fred."
I want you to know... that I will personally excoriate anyone responsible... for the tiniest fuckup in this action.
"Warren, you have a perforation... a hole... somewhere in your bowel."
We've got guards posted at the malls to make sure nobody gets tempted to buy dumb stuff.
But mostly he just fucks himself.
"I’m Dorothy, and my son is gay."
How much you guys wanna pay for me to stick my socks in this moron's mouth?
The other was to shoot Ewald.
"Should one be so foolish as to come here, I would know it from my Book, and it would be ejected into the Deadly Desert."
So you can shoot a pistol?
Then cut me loose.
"* Oh, he's a bull-nosed bully And a real depopulator"
Stop bullshitting me!
God damn...
"Yes, finally one of your pieces of junk is gonna be of some use."
That bullet's been rolling around in his junk drawer for years.
Tutsi prostitutes and witches.
"Though they came from the same world, Kronos often went out of his way to express scorn for Resser, to humiliate the redhead and make his life miserable."
"I agree, and if there is absolutely no alternative, then I will destroy her."
That could be fucking filmed from right outside the window.
She says that I'm a monster.
"Mostly Jacob Moon liked his women fat, but there was something about this girl that excited him."
"But her egg is not in her mouth, he discovers... and even if it were, his semen is not in his tongue."
"It's your brain, so do whatever the hell you want with it, but not on my watch."
Helicopters and shit.
I really thought this fucking watch would work.
I'd feel stupid.
She loomed as a titan in my masturbatory dreams.
"I gotta tell you, your brother Jackie was like a fuckin' God."
Just ignore the naked ladies.
"In the distance he could see the glistening towers of the Whore's city, and wondered how long it would be before her satanic legions fell upon them."
Any other rat?
Why don't you go somewhere else with that bullshit?
A boy should hear about sex from his dad.
Will you shut the fuck up and open that door?
Suppose you're on that hit list and are so scared silly that you are willing to do anything not to risk being killed.
"A human by day, a freak animal killing machine by moonlight."
I sort of killed his mum.
SS-squadron DEATH AND POLICE COLLECTION JEWS
He spends every spare second rubbing that thin sword. Like it's some magic lantern. Poor fool clearly needs a hobby.
You will not become a werewolf any more than I will sprout wings and fly out of that window.
"I know busy idiot is not a complement, but I had to calm Moe down."
How could you fall for that flirty shit?
You are a very bad girl.
"Besides, the gruesome truth is nothing really sells until after the artist... kicks it."
And now I will use my power to... turn Kyle into a chicken! Bleh!
"Purring contentedly, he rubbed against her legs."
"Kind of hard to tell, I'm a crappy artist."
A very sick girl...
"New York was a dominatrix on the prowl, cracking a mean whip and tantalizing with every vice."
"Grab my hand, damn it!"
You're ripping her to pieces.
"Right, for the next four weeks, fuck this job."
'What have three black fellows to do with our agreement?'
I pawned that land of ours off on some Internet fool from Seattle willing to pay twice what it's worth.
"One gripped a lance, angled down to take her in the chest."
"Now, old Dick. Now, I signed up with you, young man."
"That's not torture. Torture is when you take your nasty neighbor's cat, you suffocate it in a bag, you wait til he's nearly passed out, you take a pair of scissors, you poke"
"Occasionally, apparently lost in her ecstasy, she would stretch up, thrusting her pubic region against his quivering lips and tongue."
I've got no need for a beanfucker or a TV Paki or a coconut spook.
It's crap!
"I gotta tell you sweetheart, of all the crap that they honored me for this week what I'm looking forward the most, is tonight."
"Hal, my son, when you read this letter I shall be dead."
"Getting up for practice at dawn, freezing your ass off."
"That's nonsense, this..."
How the fuck would a whale get up here?
I can't fuckin' believe this.
"But if you think there's a possibility that just one time... she wasn't perfect-- one weekend you're out of town, one fight where she ran to a friend, one stupid Christmas party-- then you need to allow me to start treatment."
I shall take great pleasure in destroying him in front of all of Atlantis.
What is wrong with the Negroes?
"The sniper who killed your partner, he might just have you in the cross hairs too, Mr. Ward."
"Forgive him his trespasses, lord, And protect your servant from this abomination. Return to hell"
Your wife into any of that crap?
"John, your fucking problem is you've never left."
"Put your thumb on the hole right there. I'll light this, and you suck."
I don't want any more useless killing.
And that silly waiter?
"Well, in many ways, a good mongrel dog is like a Negro."
Sex
He's a wimp. His eight?
Pigs: Meat and offal:
I've been waiting 10 goddamn minutes.
"By saying ""nice,""I'm virtually licking her."
He's the personification of evil!
Even when we were having sex in that chair?
"I would have found them for you sooner, but I had to copy some bullshit for Katrina."
The Doobie Brothers broke up. Shit.
Steve Newlin's right! You're devils of the night!
"Do your teeth fall out except one, and it must hurt for you die!"
"You're like, ""We're digging roots, buying real estate and shit."""
"""When the Jews return to Zion,... ..and a comet rips the sky,... ..and the Holy Roman Empire rises, then you and I must die."""
"And to hell with these babies, right?"
The sick girl.
You kicked me in your sleep.
"""That's a shitty picture of me."""
All day long you've been acting like a-- pardon my French-- a weirdo.
Just another ordinary young hack buck trying to make his way to an odd guinea.
"One more word out of you, and I will have you removed."
You fucking kidding me?
You know what'd be fucking helpful?
"Invite a bunch of chicks, have them suck our scum?"
Do you ever wish he'd just die?
"As in, ""wow, hard ass."""
Sock you in the stomach three more times!
Blow them to Bac-O bits with a well-placed warning shot.
"You two... bunglers... have come to harass the one person in this City of Angels who not only has nothing to do with this crime, but is singularly devastated by it."
You've got some balls!
(LAUGHS) He probably sits around all day drinking Tom Collins and just performing acts of mental masturbation.
Some days he doesn't even remember his own name -- he certainly won't bother with a crone like you.
So when did killing become a business for you?
"Not like me, with that scum."
He's been pretending to be a cripple for years.
I think he disinfected them with his own piss.
You need to tell me what the hell's going on.
"Oh, will both of you shut your mouths?"
"Yeah, I'm sure if we went to the burn unit, Timothy Geithner would say that-- Damn it."
Scowther sobbed and wriggled and moaned as breathlessly as someone having sexual intercourse in a hot climate.
"Sen, I'm sorry I called you a dope before!"
You're just weak.
Yeah. They're gonna have him die.
"You are fighting each fool who has forgotten that if a girl has given life to him, she can do anything."
Definitely a killer.
"And when Trueman reads my note, takes my cue and searches your locker, he won't find a damn thing."
How come all three guys want to shit together?
Shit's goin' down she don't even know about.
What the hell was that?
"Damn it, this shit's not worth it for me to leave him there!"
"That was a pretty bonehead idea, huh?"
"Oh, I'm talking about you may win in the end, but it won't justify you spending every waking minute of your life on this bullshit, instead of doing everything else you've been assigned to do."
I'll show you idiots how to cage a wolf.
"Your partner was gonna burn you, so you burned him."
This ain't no damn road. It's a trail!
"""Only maggots, stink, go, eat, then find her, eat, eat, then find her, go."""
Never thought I'd say this- Fuck that!
"His tone of voice sounded familiarly maternal to Ekaterin's ear, halfway between Thank God you're safe and I'm going to strangle you with my bare hands."
"I'm just fuckin' sittin' on the couch, dude!"
We're gonna out them off!
Are you retarded?
You two. Are you always this stubborn and insubordinate?
I can do that thing with your balls.
Wait a minute. You want to be stoned to death?
Doesn't that fuck with your sleep?
"Meanwhile, I was waving the arm not under the kid's butt back and forth over my head, and hard enough to blow around wisps of the girl's fine blonde hair."
The fat ass from yesterday!
"In fifty years, maybe a Negro colonel."
Bastards took my book.
You're about to get the kind of blowjob your wife hasn't given you in 30 years.
What the hell is this?
That's just one of her stupid guest lists.
"If it is, I am so going to bust you!"
You're the guy whose shit we cleaned up down in Guatemala in 1981.
I did a very stupid thing.
Girls will do anything to keep hold of their dickhead dads.
"I don't know how you say that with a straight face. I mean, it's just... it's ridiculous."
It's all in your uterus.
Then you know I'll fucking survive. And see Naevia returned to me.
"You kill my friend, then you take my brother, and you think I'm gonna let that stand?"
Stop staring and tell me what your damn problem is.
But... my crappy behavior wasn't permission for you to sleep with her.
"Hey, hey! What the jackal is Mabel doing in the paper next to that crazy pitpocket Gideon?"
It was so disgusting.
"Oh, crap. she told?"
Good luck talking to the cops. You have your dad's blood all over your... ohh!
A sick man should be lying in bed and not making this bloody havoc!
"Well, apparently, it's disgusting and quick on its feet."
Give me your leg.
You fucked me for a lousy job?
"If you're right, we'il look like the biggest pussies in New York."
"Yeah, it's bullcrap."
They look like a couple of dorks. -
"Yeah, but if a bunch of psychos burst in here and threatened to blow this place up, unless we quickly recite pi to ten digits, then..."
It's a bit fucking late.
"Believe me... I know all too well that I could still be in there, drooling in the bread dough with all the other lunatics."
We'll hang Bert Cates to a sour apple tree
Get off me!
What do you want with that junk?
The gun you shot him with.
That's why you need new shit.
Everybody with cowboy boots is a fuckin` county commissioner or related to a commissioner.
I think maybe somebody killed him.
They sat here and fucking told me I would never be able to fucking run again. Fuck...
Jesus fucking Christ!
"If you lose, you're remembered for being a terrorist."
Who wants to kill you?
I have already made my wife die so I don't want to make her die too and our baby
"Oh, they're going to dissect him like a frog, like Kermit."
You'll go out with Danny and be so charming he'll forget all about. . . . . .that stupid subway girl.
He said he's gonna eat my eyes out.
"You're goanna need both hands, or sure as shit they'll say he cut one off to keep from going to prison."
But it can only offer you a woman's lap.
Some other sucker buys the flowers… and you pluck the petals.
Son of a bitch! I've never seen anyone that pissed off before.
What the hell happened to you?
"Well, I hate ugly goodbyes, but, goodbye, ugly. And voilà."
"You might have some of them believing this political bullshit, but I'm not one of them."
She killed witch kids. The 24-hour hold that Elijah got the covens to agree to ended at midnight.
"Stone! in about two fucking seconds you're gonna go in the hole, and your file is gonna go to the bottom of my pile."
You're onewho kills dragons for money.
"Mister Lipa, with all due respect, comparing this hospital with Auschwitz, it's ridiculous."
They have already killed someone.
He was threatening to murder every airman on the base if he didn't get a socket wrench that moment.
She's got junk in her trunk!
"Are you killer, Mr. Toorop?"
A fucking new Fender.
"Look, they even filmed their shit."
Just shut it!
"Damn, I never would have thought that."
A new flavour: apple pie pussy.
Unless you use it to pimp-whack Kirsten over the head.
"Oh, shit."
"I thought, ""What the hell?"""
I had sex with Bob four times for you.
"The great revolutionary, Balsan, was killed by the assassin that you bastards hired!"
A cock in a frock on a rock.
"Peace, free sex, music."
The one who put a pistol to your head. - Yeah. I know of him.
We both know he had your husband killed and we both know he'll kill my boy.
"you know, I'm not sure these sex pistols are for me."
"""I plan to make the burning of Rome look like a bonfire."
What the fuck else am I gonna do?
Your brain is going soft from playing with that girl.
I had eight seconds to kill.
I got some dynamite blow for you.
His fat lips split back like bladders to reveal teeth the size of piano keys!
"Gwen Used Me For Her Story, Then Married an Ass Wipe and Ran Over My Heart With a Big Metaphorical Truck."
I'll give you an extra $20 for a blowjob.
"In the case of John Robert Bardo, when actress Rebecca Schaeffer took a role where she had to have a sexual relationship with another character, it was enough to force him to snap and seek her out to kill her."
"I think I'm gonna stay here, kick it Amish."
"Yeah, Melville killed your brother."
How can she take your order when you're too neurotic to talk to her?
"Quick, light. Shit."
There's nothing I can fucking do.
Long enough a cunt of iron to have.
The baby's got strands of amniotic tissue wrapped around his legs.
"I'm not a mental formation. I'm you, asshole."
He is a giantmale reproductive organ.
Will you Wait a damn minute?
"Sex, Berlusconi, and Putin’s Bed"
"Get lost, germ."
No damn cake.
"So, you old creep... you crawled out of your hole, and you need me?"
I think Audrey Cruz may have killed your sister.
I want a woman once more before I die.
Maybe you could say something to people... ...before you kill them.
And who the hell are you?
How could you not tell me you were gay?
This loser thinks he's going to be
Please be a ring bomb.
"If everyone listened to her, there'd be no janitors... because no one would clean shit if they had a million dollars."
Ollathair was beside himself; all his powers wer useless.
Enough with the black baby names.
"With each black was from one to three slaves, drawn from the domains of the therns and from the outer world."
"So if you're all in love and shit, what's the problem?"
"I'll do far worse than kill you, boy"
And semen.
Now get the fuck out of here so I can get some sleep.
"Tell the guests and die'""? ""Cause everybody's looking to find their own paradise.""'"
Damn you!
Shut up!
"For the last damn time, angels have wings."
"Damn it, we rode two days."
You'll be massacred! Such statements make you guilty in my eyes.
That must suck for you.
You kill me!
I won't tolerate some tramp stealing our women!
"""Go away you liar, I'm not taken in"""
"Fools. control, we've got one blue casualty and four survivors in custody."
"Don't do that shit, man!"
"She knows your name, God damn it. She knows where you live."
Facing Vettius's man absent sight was beyond foolish.
So you should be cheering because your mind fuck... is finally paying off.
"Yes, Ben is very bonny."
Let us see what is between your legs.
"Police, dickhead."
She's gonna make my life a living hell.
"Dude in uniform get in your face, don't shoot your mouth off."
Why don't you just put him out of his misery right now?
"Must my son die, too, before you'll trust me?"
"If you think you're gonna get rid of me, you're out of your mind."
"If he takes the story somewhere else, I'll sue the little snot for breach of contract."
What the fuck you staring at?
Kept beating up his wife.
Do you always **** your dog ****?
"Big Anette says you're an addict like the rest of us, so get in here."
Plastic surgeon!
I can't believe anyone thought that stupid bucket you wore yesterday was cool.
"Because the day someone puts a bullet through your head, Joss won't be far!"
"I mean nasty, slimey, kinky"
I thought you were gay.
"It was one last ""screw you"" to his competitors before he disappeared."
The least Hogwarts can do... ...is make sure the thing that killed their daughter is slaughtered.
lan is a bust-ass virgin.
"But she'll die, just like the waiter."
Landed on my feet. Your father was hit by a goddamn semi.
Shoot a gun I can't.
It would be really stupid to open the Arethusa intercepts in a window—he’s not going to do that.
"Oh, goddamn it, I can't."
Too many sickies.
You and your crazy midget friend can go bash whoever you want.
"You know the first time you talked to her, you punched her in the face."
"No. I would want my son to go into work, open my drawer and find a filthy, dirty magazine."
He was a loser at Jefferson.
Every time he goes over to Saigon for a fact-finding mission... ...he comes backand scares the shit out of Kennedy!
So you suck stones...
"Honestly, now, would you have passed up sex with Nadia?"
"Man, what the fuck you doin'?"
É toÉd a stupid Éie.
One of us has to go around the back and flush him the hell out of there.
"Well, I don't know any lepers either... but I'm not going to run and join one of their fucking clubs."
"Go watch the cockfight, sweetheart."
But you're far too intelligent to believe in anything so silly.
"Oh shit, what are you doin' here?"
He's a fucking kid.
"Calm down, for fuck's sake!"
"Jesus Christ, lce, take the shot."
"No, he just seems gay He's a genius"
"Hello, little weird fox guy."
He messes around with women because he's ashamed of being gay.
'Now I see you are naught but a clumsy bludgeoner.'
"But if we kill them, we risk all-out war with the police."
"What if the doctor is right, and you call and she kills herself?"
We couldn't just let him die.
These two hoodlums have fake passes.
Holding onto that table like it's a stripper's tits.
Allowed in the foolish instinct that some good might come from it!
Ejaculates to cross over to my throat!
I just wish his wife would come and take him away.
"To hell. But until then, I suggest maybe the Four Seasons."
You've always had a heart problem.
"And once again, for the hopelessly stupid:"
So you almost kill him?
We gotta fucking move him.
"Oh,my god. This is gonna kill edie."
Give me a goddamn drink.
What if you take off a fucking toe!
She said I had a rotten soul.
"They, too, are infidel."
"The chicks -- in some crazy-ass language, too."
There's cow bells ringing in my-- Fucking head.
Shut up.
"If anyone would say such a thing... ...they would not be a friend, they would be a dog."
"No, goddammit, I need a medivac here right now."
She stood dumb and helpless while he approached.
"I mean, fuck, it does piss me off but that's not it."
No bastard will erase it
Shut up! You're not helping me!
Pam and Jim are fake.
Do you also deserve to die?
"You could have said something, I'm an asshole."
You son of a...
"""For they that take the sword ""shall perish with the sword."""
I'm tired of hearing you two gallinas cluck.
"However, she cares way too much about crap like this, which is why I can't pass up this opportunity to tease her about it."
No one's gonna vote for me if they think I'm a dumbass.
Are you out of your mind?
"The length of animated intestine followed my hand, nuzzling it like some obscene worm."
How the hell did you keep this from Mom when we were in the red?
"Damn, I know how to swim!"
You better not fuck with my girl!
"She's not really kissing much ass right now, she's dead."
"If I went to a white person's house and saw this, I'd be furious."
What about the fucks you stole the shit from?
What's with all the fucking lights?
"Fine, shit on my theory."
"I thought that Morgan had the boner. Oh, my God, Connecticut is so classy."
"Oh save it, Cate. Save it for somebody that can't smell your bullshit from mile away."
"I'm sorry about your shit Volvo, but we won't ride in the trunk no more."
"I mean, if you thought Wall Street was full of bullshitters, you should try having a relationship here."
He worries he missed killing that child in its crib.
"When June said it, I thought it was the dumbest thing I'd ever heard, but somehow, reading it In this television script by..."
And I remember telling you I don't remember anything else - about what happened at that damn store.
"""Yeah, I'll think about it,"" Han said, wincing at the woman's ignorance of this kind of fight."
Or maybe you don't know what the hell you're talking about.
It's so disgusting when he's on top of me!
And one of them will die!
Any of you wanna die?
"When I read it, I considered ridiculous."
"You're saying we take the parking shuttles, reinforce them with aluminum siding and then head to the gun store where our friend andy plays some cowboy-movie, jump-on-the-wagon bullshit."
"Yeah, I've seen her a couple times hanging around with your black leather girlfriend."
I guess I'm a fool to even feel disappointed.
"""Darling, do all the weird crap you like."
You missed the fucked-up years.
You are a little mangy.
"Hey, I even left out the crossword puzzle for you and your chewed-up, kind of awesome, kind of gross pen."
Man it look like world war three in this motherfucker.
But they are an adulterous people.
I can't believe this bullshit.
My Sports On-Air Is Sick As A Dog.
All the neighbors heard you arguing like dogs.
I think we're gonna need another trash can.
"""The 250 million sperm are ejaculated"
"Yet you find the sight of a penis offensive, and you don't talk about pissing."
Ain't no one I know died from that shit.
"Well, I don't see anyone tearing up your house because you're Irish... hauling your arse onto the street... getting the shit kicked out of you by soldiers for fun?"
I like Dick.
I want your bookie's fucking money.
I thought you'd be happy if I got shot!
Why the hell didn't we invite the Eskimo?
"Okay, you hold onto this lead, or I swear... ...I will shove those feathers so far up your asses, you'll fly."
"I'm tellin' ya, the mob built this town for Ray... so they could own a fuckin' precinct."
"Well, what do you want to fucking do?"
I think I can handle this Euro trash.
It's black.
"They'd like us all to kill each other, but we have to cooperate."
"Are you nuts, Bennie?"
Foul demons! Crossing the three realms and five planes... ...you harmed the people and spread chaos and evil!
You have got to be shitting me!
What the hell are you guys doing up here?
So we may live out our days as party favors for your fucking amusement?
Nobody fucking move.
Hit 'em with a bat?
You better buckle the fuck up.
Have a fucking drink.
"I have dumped out every fucking piece of my life, and I need you to tell her the truth."
All those affiliated are guilty and deserve to be hanged!
"""They'll wake him if they don't shut up!"""
"And she took me to this Russian circus the other day, and there was this big, fat-ass elephant named gunta."
We bring you turds back here where you come from.
"LooK at the silly girl, she's crying!"
I thought it was such a good deal. - Dipshit.
Should have blown up the whole damn thing.
I just want you to go back to your own country.
Blows your head off!
"What are you staring at, you bald-headed Jew prick?"
Because I don't sell women to men who hate women.
Since your father obviously chose her for breeding purposes- shut up.
What the hell is g.S.R.?
What did I Say about shutting your mouth.
We can bust half you clowns right now.
Because of a gun in your face.
"But what can I do to save them, except kill?"
What the hell you doing here?
Get the fuck off!
It allows people to be real assholes what nature intended them.
"""Talk not like a fool,"" cried the enraged jeddak."
Hank's was... pathetic. And then we fought over which one of us got to carry your shoe around in his mouth.
Desmond... ...said I was gonna die.
Fucking got blood all over it.
Answer the fucking question!
"I partly blame all those dopes that clap their heads off--they'd foul up anybody, if you gave them a chance."
"The poor bastard'll see them soon enough. Baby, I'm starting to feel human"
I watched you kill my husband.
How about that law in Arizona where it's a felony... to go around with an erection in your pants?
"Well, it takes a Dick to know a cock, and that's what I wrote."
"""Are you telling me the fiends responsible for this shameful debacle have vanished?"""
It's just that he stinks.
"So, for all the ballet recitals that I missed, for all the art shows that I should've been at, for the wedding gift that I never got a chance to give to you, princess, I give this slap to you."
"You know, I tried to have sex with women?"
"Well, in the meantime, I'm gonna go shoot crystal and get pregnant by some guy I barely know."
Are you crazy? You haven't beaten me once since my injury-plagued '97 season.
"For another thing, these guys are all fundamentally stupid about numbers — which is why so many of them have gone up on tax convictions."
The Prophet says... ...one wife makes a miserable life because she always gets bored.
"And, um, now... It's time for you to get the hell out of my house."
"Killing her, huh?"
Who the hell is he?
"Sometimes when I'm stressed out, I like to punch sharks."
Damn near killed ´em both !
I got the crap beat out of me 57 times in elementary school for having a crush on Al Gore.
Get off me.
I want to burn her in her bed with matches.
He rubbed his rump ruefully.
A bully eats a harmless-looking candy and it gets into his digestive tract.
"Thus, with a kiss, I die."
We can't just sit here on our arses.
"If Wilson knew that Anne was after him, he might have been following her, preparing to kill her."
"Listen, you're a dog person, right?"
Do it in the back of the head!
"It's not much, but it's mine, so don't fuck it up."
"Che, they're shooting mortars!"
"How sick I am to be like this, feeling so miserable."
I will pillage your lands and dwellings.
To the man in black.
What the hell?
"Smellmy, are you crying because you are sad or because your undergarments are lodged so cuttingly deep in your rectum?"
Those Earps and their skinny diseased friend... ... are gonna find out what a real fight is all about.
He looked like a lunatic.
"Harald has turned into a bitter, old man. He never leaves the house."
"Shit, man, half the people be soldiers today, RUF tomorrow."
"Kim doesn't give a shit about Italian Vogue. but Brandy'll come in with us, and if she won't, Tisla, her sister, will."
Is this a fucking joke here?
Worrying about paying your fucking rent or whatever you worry about!
Now he's gonna die.
I'm a complete failure.
Damn it ! She said good-bye to me three times today.
That's real fucking original.
Get off the fucking car.
And then killed him.
"No, no living thing could survive that long under those conditions. It's ridiculous."
What the hell is wrong with you?
"I 'm sorry, ma'am. Please believe me, I didn't know-- Oh, shit!"
"Well, wait a minute, now how come I got to be crippled Hitler and he's still white Hitler?"
Fuck you !
Suicide attempts. Both of them.
"""god, what a shitty deal, god, what a piece of crap""... do you feel anything? If..."
"Leave you alone for 10 minutes, you go all ""Lord of the Flies"" and shit."
Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
"It's suicide sittin' in these woods, waitin' for them Federals to pick us off anyhow."
But Steve Jobs was increasingly gaunt and getting sicker.
"We'll burn up the town !"""
That tall guy you took a shot at-- He's really into that shit.
Tracking this asshole's credit cards.
"I hate this place. . .a . . .this zoo, this prison."
"""Just to see you dead, Mr Draycott,"" said Dirk Gently, ""just to see you dead."""
"Well, hurry your ass up."
I’d still do this a thousand damn times.
"Well, rare or not, this guy is a serial rapist."
Some wretched old woman knocked on the head for a few pounds.
They kill me!
Woodcock saved my life. - Bullshit!
Staying here is goofy.
"""Wow, it is amazing how fucking crazy I really am""? Yeah?"
You're his slave.
We ain't leaving this spot till you build a snowman or some shit.
You can barely fucking pronounce.
Get him the hell out of here.
If Johnny Weissmuller were in the soup wearing a 200-pound diving rig... ... he couldn't swim to fuck EstherWilliams if she was right there naked.
Stop walking before you blow me up.
"You try anything, you're a dead man."
It was stupid to put in that doggy door before I fixed the fence.
"You were over there. Put your life on the line, and you deserve to take a crackhead's seat at the front of a stupid parade because... You are a hero."
"Truth is, being CEO is a bitch."
I swear I have no fucking idea what the hell's going on!
He's a nice murderer who keeps his word.
I think anybody she ever loves tends to die on her.
"Okay, what if they go all Guantanamo on you and start doing torture shit?"
Holy shit.
"Frankly I think you're a whacko--"""
"All right, les go, outlaw."
How long should I wait to have sex with him?
"Darling, why waste time on that horse's arse when Mr. Tie Me Up, Tie Me Down is waiting for you over there?"
I hope they're vetting them because the computer seems to be throwing up rubbish.
"A big sack of filthy Christmas laundry, just for you."
You can tell Jennifer Lerner that her mother doesn't know what the hell she's talking about.
"That's your perception, any time somebody of my color gets up in one of your faces, then you feel like I'm a lunatic."
We might have just caught ourselves a serial rapist.
Angel's a vampire. You're a slayer.
Stick him in the rear!
I only hope his flesh didn't rot off where you touched him.
I don't give a damn!
I'm the best fucking driver on the planet.
"I'm in big fuckin' trouble, man."
"And you was all heavy into that black pride bullshit talking like you gonna get you two grocery stores, make mothertuckers proud."
I just hope my faith doesn't leave the two of you brain-damaged.
"Fuck 'em! That bowling ball said ""Oof!"" To that damn windshield!"
"Oh, shit! Look out behind you!"
"Which means that by tonight, if we haven't found shit, someone's going to be looking for us. Oh, no."
Everybody's always fucking lying to me!
"Damn it, did you come straight from the bar?"
The engineer said he saw two Negroes... You mean niggers.
They're horrible people.
So you think this ass-biting client might actually have something to do with Stacey's death?
"Hey, you need to keep control of that bitch or I swear I'm--"
Then this is for your own damn good.
"Oh, damn this for a lapse into self-pity!"
"Don't worry, Albert. We're gonna knock that meeting on its ass."
What the hell is she doing?
"You didn't, totally sober, make the decision to leave Nate in a truck to track a deer... a fucking deer."
"Damn, this is some good pie!"
On my naked little hand.
"Laura got new boobs for her 16th, and she didn't even need them."
You must think I'm a fool.
'It's a Hood-damned sapper!' one of the marines grunted.
"Jean Kiley, the fuckin' skier."
I knew it. I'm surrounded by Assholes.
I locked my legs around his waist and secured my arms in a choke hold around his neck.
"Dammit, he trusted her wits more than his own at times."
Oh no. Is not it ridiculous? You look strange and I think the story is incompetent.
Shit is old school.
You treat people trying to be your friends like shit.
Get off your brother! - Get off me.
"You may think he's the greatest invention since the Necklin drive, but I loathe the fat little creep!"""
Quit your fucking pissing and moaning.
Toss it in the garbage.
Just rip it apart.
Because... I'm gonna have to have sex with Melissa!
"By decree, all persons found guilty of piracy Or aiding a person convicted of piracy or associating with a person convicted of piracy shall be sentenced to hang by the neck until death."
What the hell is this?
Paul Bunyan is screwed.
"Every substance, every damn plant you touched-drove the meds crazy."
You'd just ask me if I've read any good books lately and then I'd have to make up some pathetic lie and — '
"You took a shot at me, man."
Let's just make this kid open this damn car.
"Yes, a foolish wise man named Friedrich von Bernhardi."
Finally someone worth hating!
The boy must be starved
You're experiencing a car accident. - The hell I am!
Hutten was happy with that crap the Russians sent.
"All right, now, who's gonna make a show about horrible New Jersey freaks?"
"Security, throw this guy out."
Why the fuck are you giving me this now?
Nothing wrong with our pigs.
"Bitch, why else would anyone lay you?"
"A horrible yet sexy kind of fear began to grip her, and the vibrating saddle of the motorbike began to heat her up down there (why, you're horny, Nadine, she thought with shrill good humor, naughty, naughty, NAUGHTY)."
"When I was a kid, I didn't even know what gay was, I hadn't been told that people do that, I had no fucking idea."
"“Not that it’s any of your damn business, but my wife left me twenty-nine years ago, and my thirty-eight-year-old son, now a successful attorney on Wall Street, uses her name and when questioned by curious people tells them he never knew me."
You see her teeth? -Shut up!
You think you can get away with calling me a bitch?
"But since you're a s-s-screw-up, I'm asking about that."
This sucks for Danny.
"Eva, surely, you can find something more suitable than washing whores' bedding."
Back the hell out of my face.
"Excuse my brother, he's soft in the head."
"They beat me up too, but the truth is, those guys are wimps."
"I got my insulin, all right, but they broke all the damn needles."
Damn thing better work.
Goat lab actually used to be called Dog Lab. But it turned out most soldiers didn't feel good shooting dogs in the leg.
What the hell are you doing here?!
Shit! 到处都是烟和鸽子 It's all smoke and pigeons.
"I was soft-spoken and courteous, revealing nothing of my inherent distaste for his corrupt religion."
"It's full of fucking reporters, isn't it?"
I will not flee like the others. It's pathetic!
Posh and fucking Becks?
Just don't make a fool of yourself.
Those two pigs confirmed What I've been thinking for a while now--
"Now, this is supposed to be the finest whorehouse in the South."
"Bushka broke off as Twisp suddenly pointed ahead and blurted, ""Ship's balls!"
Remove him.
Trust your own son who's never asked you for a damn thing.
"You bigfoot the CIA, you play hardball with my wife, and you expect me to sit back and take this shit?"
I fart in your general direction.
"Sounds ridiculous, but it happened. Country was bankrupt. People were becoming cynical and tired of war."
"Fool,... that's a plane."
"Beg for your life, little rabbit."
He's been in there 20 fucking minutes already.
Don't underestimate him or other wise he'il beat you up and escape.
Afraid enough to kill.
"Damn it, I know I'm good in a lab, okay?"
I wish you'd fucking shout at me.
"She looked pale, but um... damn !"
"Don't be a slob, don't get a job, go back to class, you can pass."
"Fuck, why don't we try the phone company?"
"You can't fuck this up for me, baby."
You are a fucking genius.
I knew you would stab me in the back!
You Yankee!
Darn foot got infected.
Don't make a pest oo yourselo and don't embarrass me.
"It was said no half decent man would want to be a cop, who was no more than a thug dressed in uniform."
"Your brain is getting used to your new body, Miss Bradshaw."
I couldn't bang her for a barrel of beer.
"No, get your own bloody gun."
He can do it if he wants to get his face punched.
Should we congratulate you on getting back together or just shut up?
What the fuck are you talkin' about?
I am this close To throwing you back into that dungeon.
"Who would ever talk about ugly, miserable... ...moping Moaning Myrtle?"
I'll be damned! I've never seen the like!
"And it was filled with blood, And when I opkeek... He was damn dead."
The bastard. It's the real reason he came out here.
You think we can sell some of that shit?
Franco and Tilde preferred him ignorant.
"""That's awful!"" he ejaculated."
"Fuck you, David. You're paying me to write my novel, so you own me."
Move away from the window and take that damn Chief with you.
"I've had enough of the night, enough of the whores, lesbians, of playing pimps..."
"if you can't be honest with me, have the balls to be honest with yourself."
He's a vicious bird.
He had a poker up his ass but otherwise he was a good cop.
"And you join in, grab your little brother, sit on his head and fart."
"Quit fucking around. A guy lost his arm, he could have died."
Aahh Shit. you okay?
So why does it turn to shit?
You had to kill Fanning?
Your mother will be worried. Shit!
Shut up and go inside.
"Filthy dirt. Some of it is illegal, and some of it's just downright disgusting."
"No matter who it is, Joe, you didn't see a damn thing."
"The soundtrack now consists of a thousand people speaking in tongues under the high-pitched, shit-eating chuckles of L."
"Okay, Fat Bastard, who's the Japanese cat you make a exchange with?"
"Good luck, loser."
I just wanted you to understand how you're gonna die.
The Saxon barbarians swept into my country... ...killing Christians and followersof Avalon's goddess alike.
"Bitches, they come, they go."
You'll shut the fuck up if I show you?
I lost a dozen good men and nobody can tell me jack shit.
"Believe it or not, it was a student, a little bitty thing, no bigger than a midget from the beauty college."
You had your Jewboy ID hanging off your fucking neck.
Shite. My mother's buggered off.
Find somebody else to pen your sordid fucking tale.
"Dammit. - Jason, they're coming."
"Damn it, what is wrong with using the Internet?"
That white foreman threw his body on back of a truck.
"Drunk or sober, I'm still a rotten shot."
"Fuck him! Like the great philosopher Sun Tzu said,"
"Talk to your witch sister, she always hated Eloy,"
Even order you to shoot Skye.
This man is heavy with sin.
"Where's my shit, Darlynn?"
Then why hasn't he put Maud and her bastard brother down?
Now shut up.
"Nobody knows a damn thing, so there's no point in spreading any rumors."
I think anybody she ever loves... tends to die on her.
"Oh, you got to be shitting me."
I apologize. I was busy talking about having sex with a deaf girl.
"They must strip them, burn their clothes."
"I thought, ""who the hell"" stands in front of a whorehouse ""reading a book?"""
"They've been called the ""shooters,"" the ""killers"",,,"
"Joe, are you clowning with me?"
"If I fired the Glock, I might not kill the bastard instantly, even at such close range."
"I think that these ridiculous paternal figures are the ethical focus, the topic of practically all David Lynch's films."
At 160 meters we can shoot... a bunch of junk from the forward tubes.
Maybe if you spent less time talking bullshit--
"Come on, nigga."
What the hell kind of farm breeds pigs like this?
"I'm like, ""That's stupid because you have to work for five hours."
You know she's crazy?
You sure as shit ain't.
We gonna get a fucking Website?
Crap! Crap! Who is touching my things?!
"Hey, down here, your prehistoric garbage space."
"Drown you for 40,000 lire?"
How crazy and glamorous is your life?
"Clothe you in a wolfskin, give you a knife and a spear, and set you down in the woods of Grabritin -- of what service would your civilization be to you?"""
Crooks don't pay taxes.
"Monica, quit clowning around."
"“I considered shooting the guns out of their hands, Ari, but that sort of thing really only works in the movies.”"
"I remember sticks and stones may break your bones, But not if you're a fat kid with calcium deficiency."
It just really sucks.
"The reason why you fucked up your charmed existence... is pretty obvious to everyone, isn't it?"
"But if we're being honest, I think it's also about when I suggested we take McConaughey home, you couldn't even imagine me being able to take care of him, okay, and that's just... that's just crap, okay."
"Today is Sunday, we cut off Mingo's head."
What the fuck you keep looking at him for?
Thataway I ain't got to be worrying about getting my head blown off cos you all scared and shit.
Time sure flies when you're young and jerking off.
What says New York more than a dirty water dog?
They're crazy strict.
"This one may look clean, but he's got muck stuffed in his head."
How am I supposed to know what he's thinking if he never fuckin' says anything?
Isn't this fucking the tits?
Get the fuck outta the hole! move!
He's a child murderer... that some parents from around here burned alive... but then he came back.
My hair smells like a dirty sock.
"What happened here? Shit, Mark."
"""By clicking 'agree,' you're also acknowledging that Apple ""may sew your mouth to the butthole of another iTunes user."""
And when I graduate... ...l intend to spend a glorious career stomping out the death penalty.
I sprayed him with gas.
And that fucking mouse ruled the cage.
The creator of the Tribunal is to die!
You said you hated him and wished he was dead.
"A tranny who imitates Sara Montiel, among others."
How in the world can she nurse a baby with fangs?
Maybe on a doctor's bed... after Kwan annihilates him!
Don't play stupid with me!
These cries proceed from a miserable male or female in need of my protection.
Will you stop killing my men!
"A nazi officer with my face, Frozen to death in a submarine."
So don't worry about none of this shit.
"""Timely fashion"" means fucking nothing."
"There were no fat men on Anvhar, and it was incredible that a man so gross could ever have been a Winner."
"What are you, fuckin' Ray Charles?"
It's a Mexican killer.
What the hell is this?
You only killed the bride's father.
Ever since the old hag the witch Countess Erzsebeth castle maid keep dying one after another.
"You hung a Mormon boy, I heard."
Come on. Put your silly pen down and come and dance with me.
I want to watch ourselves while we're screwing.
"Who are you fucking with, Rocco?"
You got to be shitting me. _
This shit's gonna stop!
"But mainly because I don't wanna face any charges of racial bias where I not to choose Mr. Babbitt, who many of you know is--is black."
"And now that you're done mopping the floor, get me a beer, killer."
"What are you,some kinda narc for daddy?"
You are evil.
Well it's about frickin time!
I can't waste my time on these useless meetings.
Who the fuck is Boulder stream?
What the hell is that?
"His shoes are clumpy, his hair's a bit gay...! Oooh!"
I'll see you in the pit.
What the hell was Bailey into?
Your innocent wife sought to enslave all of Hyboria with her sorcery.
I gotta fucking walk around a little.
She's a drug addict; I can't very well make her my victim as well.
"Had children working 16 hours a day, and then he builds all this crap as propaganda."
Do you want to buy any cheap fags?
"It's crazy, ass."
"Listen, I raise her the way I fucking well please!"
"I'm so pathetic, you have to put up my picture to make me feel better?"
Stop acting so stupid!
"I told you that I saw Corporate Invaders with an idiot boyfriend, but... the truth is, I went to see it by myself."
"A hooker! Think about it, this is perfect."
Will I be put to death?
Then we'll blast it open.
You want Toni to screw you.
"Oh. Here. You shouldn't be smoking, but if you do... ...could you put the butts out in here?"
My orders are to execute the holy rites for demonic exorcism.
"So you need to gather up all the weed in this house, and we need to take it to U-Turn, that's what the fuck I'm talking about!"
You gonna make shit up?
"What the hell is going on, Elliot?"
"We don't fear these demons, we destroy them."
"I could be in London right now, at that gig in Camden, getting fucked up."
"""Those humans would die out."""
I've got a can of Mace in my purse and I am not afraid to bash his skull in with it.
Or I could ask how it’s possible that a ridiculous artist enforces his ugly plastic heart to be fixed on the historical building of the Old city hall.
I'm treated like a traitor and I can't go back because of you!
"Damn, I always screw this part up."
See what you did to my fucking people!
"You don't give a damn about it... ...but it's an ancient and wise religion, not for dimwits like you."
You want to take your shot?
"When the sack came off her head, she was in her little cabin with two men: a brute and an angel."
the image of a lot of Yemeni women is a lot of black
It's time we wolfed some Russians.
"AUTO BOHEMIA, spol. s r.o."
Stay the hell away from me.
I begin to question fucking plan.
In your own goddamn bed.
"Why do you think I'm sitting at the goddamn table, Scotty?"
"""You did not have sex with my mother."""
If you're able to call back... ...because the 3-hour battery yougot only lasts 20 fucking minutes.
He has asked me to marry him so that I might accompany him on his missionary work. You will shrivel up and die.
"We'll corner them, blow the whole floor."
He could have killed you all.
If not for a dumb beast's incomprehension at its own destruction beneath the loving hands of two heartbroken children.
This is actually a really fucking horrible time for this to be happening to me!
"""My mother was a human fly, my father was a mountain goat."
"Hey, there's something behind your back, Scott. Shut up."
We'il fucking miss you.
Get the fuck out of the hole!
"Yeah, he's killing it."
"If we don't destroy them, they'il take over the town."
Your girlfriend is strong!
"I'm a coward, the captain told me."
And that's why I punched him hein the throat
"Before I found my pet clam, I was lackluster and morose."
"According to you, people should be born, live and die - On the same spot! - Shut up!"
The doctor said that she's got a pretty angry infection and... ... and it's onher vagina.
"No, I need to remove your fathers and relocate them to a safe place."
RESTAURANT POD VEZI
A terrified cry erupted from the thing of blackness.
And Eddy's good at spitting and punching.
She's fucking dead!
He's got his eye on Eve and thinks we're an old hag.
Are you always this slimy?
Shut up!
They look like deep-fried deer poop.
"I will not and cannot continue to conduct services in praise and worship of this... ...angry, petulant old manin whom you believe."
This place is such a dump.
"A nigger, you say?"
Beating him was easy.
I give up...you can't win against fools!
But I had the balls to become who I wanted to be.
Don't fucking tell Susan. It's none of her business.
We're fucking bleeding here!
Don't slam the goddamn door on me!
"And you get more points for shooting people in the face than you do the legs, stomach, or the back of the head. Wow."
A bloody cop could makemore than that in a month or two.
I just handed you $8 fucking million!
"I've tried twice to save you, but no matter what I try to do, - - you're gonna die, Charlie."
You shat in your own bed and then offered to swap with me.
"It was dangerous damn work, but the money was good."
"Well, did you know that after your mother's car accident, Jessi said to me, that if I ever harmed you or your family, she'd kill me?"
Just tell me it sucks.
"No, he was just some asshole from the neighborhood."
"If they was all dentists, we could call this a damn convention."
She's talking shit.
I lost a fuckin' tooth.
"“I could bop you in the nose,” Laurie said, shaking a clenched fist in front of his face."
Maine was very short on black people back then.
"21 sessions and counting, and it hurts like a bitch."
Were you gonna do something about the damn barking?
Where's the fucking heart?
We're gonna beat him!
"Okay, we're only gonna do this once, we're gonna get it all out, and then we're going to shut the fuck up about it."
"Why would someone want to kill you if they know you'll be reconstituted or whatever the hell it is?"""
That's statutory rape.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
S- n-I-c-k-e-r-s!
"""For Gods sake, read the damn storyboards!"""
"Look, lady, I ain't got time for bullshit games"
"You love fucking with me, don't you?"
You're worse than my ex.
Do you mind if I jerk off?
"God, Rachel is so far up your ass."
I talked about him like that when he was living. I don't give a shit.
"Something gonna change today 'cause tomorrow, we ain't gonna have this bullshit."
"Because they had already made such a prolonged effort to hide the chamber discovery by eliminating all witnesses, it didn't take a class in village idiocy to figure they were not about to leave the job undone and allow any of us to leave Telluride alive."
Don't give me that shit!
Like how come no mater how much you treat me like shit l can't help loving you even more?
"Giving up the baby to the Fell Brethren, workin' for Senator Bitch... tryin' to take out Drogyn to cover up what you did to Fred."
"Well,for starters,when you punch someone in the face, it hurts your hand... a lot."
You'll live like a fucking king down there.
I see Bud because he makes me feel like Lynn Bracken... ...and not a Veronica Lake look-alike who fucks for money.
Yeah. Maybe he'll stab me.
I don't know where the fuck they are.
Open those fucking eyes!
The humiliating service you were too cowardly to refuse.
Turned out to be one of the other coaches... was a fuckin` metro intelligence cop.
You know you should have waited for daylight to try and burn me.
"If you're dead,how come I can smell your skin?"
"""Gosh, you and the good doctor must be crushed."""
"People made believe that it wasn't, and they lied to their kids (no movie or television program she had ever seen had prepared her for losing her balance and plopping back into her own crap, for instance) so as not to scare them or bum them out, but yeah, it could be sad."
I wish to hell you'd start acting like it.
"It's not as bad as eating her pussy out, but it's the same ball park,"
Just keep that in mind while you're trying to save his sorry ass.
"In your silly head, maybe."
"Arms and legs and, I couldn't help peeking when he stood, hair all down his belly and crotch as well."
Shit. They're gone.
He must have had a fucked-up childhood.
May God strike me dead... ...if I am not.
You're a nothing.
"They were just terminally ill prisoners, worthless lives."
We're gonna draw a little blood.
There weren't no dicks in there.
"""And I'll explode into a goddamn heavenly fireball."
This sucks.
That's why your mom got sick.
Let's... say hi to His Satanic Majesty.
I'm sure it's hard to respect other people's stuff when you don't have any respect for yourself. You're ugly.
"I'm gonna get to those big tobacco companies, and I'm going to thank them... ...when they put you in the fucking ground."
I'll stomp him!
Get the hell out of here.
You just ignore that dumb old wall:
Good luck on your murder spree.
Something silly and nice.
Fuck. It's DeCarlo.
"Meantime, I'll take care of this filthy stuff."
"If you leave, don't ever come back, asshole!"
"I know nothing about it...Man Suk and Jong Suk, the bastards know."
"Well, he's fucking hot."
"I scream at him, ""Asshole!"
"Yeah, fucking Vienna Philharmonic, yeah."
"""Will the whores come here?"""
Packing up everything that belongs to that little brat and sending her home to my sister.
Why you think our last drink tasted like shit?
Jamie motherfucking Foxx.
"I've gotta try, damn it."
What's your damn plan?
"You're asleep, nitwit?"
"Sometimes when I'm searching for, you know, porn to masturbate to, if I'm looking for girls that are a lot like the girl that I'm seeing, that's a good sign. All right?"
I'm going to fucking get you out.
Roland would no more renounce the Tower than he'd kill Jake's pet billy-bumbler and then roast him on a spit for dinner.
"I will find where you live, and I will write ""Pedophile"" across your house!"
On a ledge above the passage's mouth an infidel had hidden himself.
She's very sick.
My decorator screwed me.
What the fuck is taking you so long?
"Idiot! The man's face, his hands, his walk, his eyes, all said one thing: killer."
Don't screw it up just 'cause you're miserable.
Put the gun down or we'il shoot.
You shut up! This is what the Alphabet crimes are about...guns!
I'm gonna get my Grade 10 and everybody else can just catch a boat to Fuckoffityland. So shut off your little camera and I gotta go write my fucking exam.
"Well? Then why don't you just start with me, Your Royal Assness?"
Hundreds of years ago the triads would kill their enemies... with 100 cuts to the body.
Why do you think he's so miserable?
You got five seconds to get the fuck off my campus.
"Miraz, perhaps be a tyrant and a murderer, but as king, he/she has that to attach to the traditions and expectations of their town."
I am tired of you selfish children begging like it's a pledge drive.
"Damn it, I know how this sounds... ...but it's true."
"Don't cut my leg off, please."
"Yes, fair enough, Mr. Rape-o."
I can't see a damn thing.
"But we need some good drivers, that can put this asshole and his money together."
"But, damn it, it was hard to develop drugs and treatment modalities without some animal testing."
So you’re having sex with Jake Jagielski tonight.
If you don't mind around-the-clock vomiting... ...watching your veins turn black... ...and feeling like your bones are made of napalm... ...it's a day at the beach.
"There is so much pussy, and because of the war, there are no guys."
Larry wanted to have sex last night.
"If I say anything,there's no stopping her from telling karen -- fuck,the police."
"Oh, I just wanna eat him up."
You must beatthem away with a stick.
To hell with Pacific Aerodyne!
"The other night, I heard my balls and my dick talking: And my balls were like,"
You look like a zombie Woody Allen.
"Damn, I hope they have lobster here."
"You're really messed up, you know that?!"
I don't need to see my balls.
"Oh, don't be silly, Mr. Maloney."
"Friggin' Nazi. They practically wiped an entire nation off the Earth,"
Father Solomon will die like the rest.
"He was smart, and careful, and a damned good shot."
Sergeant's killing his kid!
You two aren't the only... ...crawling nasties in this place.
"Me stuck like a pin in this damn life. """
Paris is the rudeness capital of the world.
"Oh, hang..."
"There was some horrible rich old man, sitting in his head."
Or she damn well should have known.
"""It's fucking freezing outside, Dad."""
"Look, I'm not gonna bullshit you, okay?"
I'll fight him!
I gave her too manY chances. ´´We don't call him that.´´ Fucking rubbing her face in it!
"But instead, I have to listen to Stash talk about crap for hours."
Sit your ass down.
She picked up a chair and hit him scientifically over the head with it.
"No, every once in a while you gotta come through and kick some fucking homeless people out, but..."
"Yeah, we are entirely fucking serious here, Bill."
Fuck yourself with your logic.
"I'm in bed the next day, she brought me café au lait, gives me a cigarette, my balls feel like concrete."
"The hypocrisy of the English, Max!"
"Well, the codices say that these guys are descendants from the mistress, who was a nice young lady that the snake God transformed into a bloodsucking demi-Goddess."
"Not by prayer, not by repentance, not by fasting, nor by purging your community of undesirables, witches, or powerful women, but, in a word, by science."
Thats disgusting!
"Are you sleeping, you brats?"
"Thanks to the Seeker, that monster is dead and rotting for all eternity in the Underworld."
I don't believe that shit.
We'll interrogate him!
You little devil!
"There was a gay feather in his peaked hat, and the edging of his doublet was embroidered with silvery metal-foam."
"Burn down the restaurant, collect the insurance money."
"He eats little boys, puppy dog tails and big, fat snails."
That's interesting. Maybe he's only good when he's playing people who are crap!
And he shoots.
That poor SLUT kidnapped herself.
Slowly the bullet head of the ape was being forced lower and lower upon his chest.
"Tell them what the bloody hell you like, then go into your bathroom... ...and count your peach-colored towels."
Fuck you. - Easy Gary.
"'Come on in, neighbor,' he called out to the miserable-looking fellow at the upper end of the beach."
"I worked my ass off, and you used that money to set up a scholarship for your girlfriend."
Driven insane.
Don't you fucking hit me.
What the hell was that?
Only thing that mob'll understand is a bullet.
I will hinder and harm your creature on earth... ... as far as I am able.
And this is a fucking war.
You guys have no idea how much it sucks.
Every piece of Greek parchment shall be burned.
Since the first day that I seen you... I knocked my brains out for you.
Do know what I wanna do with little girls who take the piss?
"Of all the things you can do too a person, giving someone an orgasm is hardly the worst thing in the world."
What on Earthis that woman thinking?
"'Cause if you pull that trigger, Sal-- if you pull that trigger, it's all fucking over, and you know it."
Dammit to hell!
This guy screwed my client this morning and I want to know why.
"Didn't you, didn't you take that crazy bomb dog, had a breakdown?"
You know what You've fucking done?
"If anyone is ruining the sanctity of marriage, it is not gay people."
Maggots eat dead flesh.
"And you two, what the hell were you doing here?"
A guy got his thumb shot off by a dumdum.
"""All right, but I'll have to use it later when I gag you."""
"""God damn it, George!"""
"One bullet, clean through."
Would you let that fucking psycho on your team?
She's out of her mind and so is her husband.
You kidding me with this shit?
They were Dickies!
And watch you scream like a 14-year-old fat girl.
"Otto killing that nurse, that will make RICO go away?"
No more straight men!
"Now, we just can't stop now, goddamn it, and wait for it."
A few hundred drowned is a damned sight better than three thousand slaughtered trying to retake this side of the ford.
I'm as anatomically-impaired as a Ken doll.
"Back your ass out of the room, mister, and leave the blade."
"What will make me feel better, is to get out of shit- reeking Tangier, which we can only do after we extract - agent what's his name, Kazak - who, why the hell hasn't he activated his GPS beacon, and while we're on the subject, where the hell is our GPS?"
I'm getting my shit.
How about dying on the Camino?
You two are fucking scheming behind my back.
MaKe him shut up!
I can't wait to get out of this shitty maze of a city!
"If you've made any enemies lately, I'd highly advise you to make peace by any and all means necessary just so they don't send this idiot back here again."
These Hungarians are just using you for dragon fodder.
It also stings like a bitch.
"And he just put his boot on my bed and he went, ""Lick my fucking boots!""."
"His erection throbbed, his balls tingled."
Your monster steels our sap!
"Like, if you gave your balls a little tweed jacket with elbow pads and a little pipe, your balls could be like a character Kevin Kline would play in a movie."
I would know if I were killing people!
Who the fuck are you?
"Maybe it's because women don't like to be called bitches, Jay."
Guys in your grade have fucked girls.
May even be dead.
"Somebody fucked us up big-time, man!"
"You will fight these English philistines, and you'll win."
"Oh, is that the girl who bitch-slapped me in your shower this morning?"
I ain't got a good brain.
What the fuck happened to your eye?
He turned rat. He tried to stick us both in a cage... ...with the same goddamn animals we fight every day.
You're grrreat!
Fucking knew.
"I want my purse, jerk-off."
"From now on, if a person uses the word nigger it must be at least seven words away from the word guy."
"They're gonna hit him at the Capitol building, 1:00 today."
What the hell is going on here?
"Today we with hold porn, tomorrow it's clean bandages."
You're his necromancer.
Everybody with cowboy boots is a fucking county commissioner or related to one.
Killing at will. Orcs bearing the White Hand of Saruman.
"Just then, this guy runs up with a fucking panga... and brings it down on his head."
It's like someone else is jerking you off.
Get off me !
And I definitely don't wanna be you. You're miserable.
And a little one of the Sarge on his buttock.
"Sister, brothers, mother... ...nurse, shrink, opponent, rival."
"If you don't open the door, I'll bloody well break it down!"
Her husband crashed a car in Spain and incinerated a fucking viscount.
"So I tried to fuck her, but didn't know how, and asked her if she had ever done this before."
The girl don't even realise how miserable she is.
"Hit me, cousin, hit me."
"He ran a brothel in Acuna, Mexico for over 50 years. His army, the Acuna Boys, made up of the fatherless offspring of his whores, ran Acuna."
"And the woman that works the hair salon, Julia, have you seen how big that bitch's ears are?"
"Oh, I also might take in an orphan so they'll really look like jerks if they try to stop us."
"You know, I'm truly astounded at the incompetence of all of you."
Just an endless parade of horseshit.
"My kingdom. So I ask you, gentlemen, am I the sh*t?"
Kill Rene?.
I see how they die.
Because her boss is a demented eugenicist who's goal is to wipe us off the face of the Earth.
Burning up.
I receive a shit load of scientific papers from inside Phillip Morris.
"Are you nuts? If she could smell, she'd smell you."
"You spit on me, man!"
An artificial umbilical cord and placenta that will allow us to implant Jordan's baby into your uterus.
Nobody else in town is as tacky as you.
They say I'd sell my mother for a filthy bottle of whiskey.
"Well, it's just a real dirty person."
Stop with that goddam yelling!
"No, that's the way it is with these Mexicans."
I want the damn dog killer found.
"So, could he not have killed the translator?"
"Bitter and nasty and whining though she had been too many times, she loved him."
"'A great warrior he may be, but he is a fool, Shaoshad would have told him had he but asked!'"
"I must be a bit of a chump thinking I can get up that, must I not?"
"Mind your own business, pork chop."
Liberty to be inefficient and miserable.
"What the fuck, Ro?"
"I remember you, scumbag, especially the people you've tortured and killed."
"Thanks to the seeker, that monster is dead And rotting for all eternity in the underworld."
"Sure, the papers said that crime was down in that dreadful city on the Hudson, but it was still too damned big and too damned anonymous for real people to live in especially single girls."
Fverybody is the most mediocre woman There is warped tip and sexy eyelash
"After a feast, the women hide the leftovers in their vaginas."
"'However, he is a troll."
So why don't you hold it? - Fuck that!
"This is the worst day of my life, and you only care about yourself."
"You want Bobby Peru to fuck you hard, baby... open you like a Christmas present."
Grover Cleveland was a hangman.
"Yeah, don't forget that. He did shit that's still classified."
"Damn it,don't be like her."
"Zipline across, kill the double, and then rip up the constitution in front of the world's media."
The faces he saw were full of disbelief—and for an amused moment he told himself that disbelief was the reason he was killing them.
Why don't you reach out... and cut someone?
"If it was, that's one bad-ass woman."
"You just had to keep the boss happy, and Yuriy Vladimirovich was probably not the demanding bastard that Beria had been."
"Fuck you, man. You don't know me."
Why the hell didn't you ever tell me that?
"Shit. Start again, Ms. Waters."
Just tell him you fucking did it!
Who tops the list of the top 50 greatest vaginas?
A pretty whacked-out vampire is scared to death of her.
My idiots!
"If you think I broke any rules, why don't you get your established, blue-chip firm of Bitch & Bitch to come after me, huh?"
Cut the shit. I can live as a woman.
I've been chosen for some damn thing.
"You look up ""girlfriend from hell"" in the dictionary, there is a full-page glossy of you."
Sin'e as you won't pay a penny for this pickaninny here... you won't mind me handlin' this nigger anyway I see fit?
"And if I'm not at the goddamn phone booth saying all the right things in 23 minutes he's gonna call his cousin who's a homicide detective and report my murder, okay?"
"Ah, good for your father for not admitting it's the gay thing."
"A hundred gay and thoughtless young Frenchmen were drawing a net to the pebbly beach, within dangerous proximity to the sullen but silent cannon of the fort, while the eastern mountain was sending back the loud shouts and gay merriment that attended their sport."
You want me to get out of my own fuckin` town? - Yeah.
A goddamned battle was fought here.
That's the same little creep who tried to ruin santa claus!
"Are you crazy?! He only fired his attorney because he wants to delay the trial until he can finish shooting ""Bad Blood 3."""
"I had a whole fuckin' bucket of cleaning supplies in here, and now who knows what the hell she did with any of it."
I may never forgive Francis but I would not wish the putrid throat on my worst enemy.
"That was the closest we have come to winning a fucking hockey game in over a month, and you just fucked us!"
"Now, look, maybe your method of massage differs from mine... but you know touching his wife's feet... and sticking your tongue in her holiest of holies... ain't the same fucking ballpark."
There's a theory men secretly fear their wives are crazy and women secretly fear their husbands... are losers.
"It's not his job to talk about my genitals, Nick."
I try to help and you're running around like a maniac.
"""Shucks, you're no fun."""
"You oughtn't to call me a fool and you oughtn't to sit in my presence, anyway."
Kill the pretty butterfly!
You've got to be fucking kidding me!
Shut up!
"I'm used to working with my brain, not my backside."
* From just some dumb * * mechanic's wife *
Break a lot more than your legs.
Ought to see a lawyer or a faggoty lawyer?
"As a matter of fact, I'm gonna do everything in my power to get you to the top of that mountain and when you are there, freezing your ass off, I'm gonna be down here all toasty and warm, taking all the credit."
Now let's pretend that my left hand... is that finger on the trigger... and my right hand's me... there's a good chance you can't pull that trigger before I knock you upside the head.
When they're dead.
This is for leaving me in the dungeon to be eaten alive by ogres!
What kind of devil would allow himself to be killed with ease?
"You can talk about every day being a gift and stopping to smell the roses, but regular life's got a way of picking away at it. Your house, the shit you own, it drags you down."
Tom trains everyone in the CIA who's crazy.
You idiot! I said a cardiac needle.
You can lick my ear if you want to.
"And she's going to bury you. No, you're the one trying to bury me."
"Frankly, I don't want to see you rot away here either."
It just means I'd have sex with him.
"Oh, my God. You need to have your head examined."
"Repairmen would duel each other inside, losers succumbing to heat exhaustion, or worse."
"But dammit, where's the Jophur ship?"
I'm gonna ´´one time´´ your ass. Nick Beam is the master of his fate... the ruler of his destiny.
"Yeah, thank you for fuckin' underlining that."
Seems like your naughty girl's a spy.
Holy shit. They confirmed it?
I think she's a very nice girl... but she's marrying that jerk-off.
ETA TERRORIST KILLED IN SHOOTOUT WITH POLICE
God knows what kind of sick operation he's running.
"It's early, and poor Raven was horny as a goat from being out to sea."
You think Gaga gives a shit about you?
"You understand nothing of retro punk, drunkard."
Jarlaxle laughed at his own foolishness.
"Two moderate blows to the temple, like the killer was weak."
I think I can get her leg off.
"But, damnit, he had been careful."
I'm being taken over by brainiac.
"""You hoodlums don't own the streets."""
Rid the frontier of this fiend.
"""don't wear panties, dear, underneath your pajamas, You need to air out your pussycat."""
The hell with my parents.
You're notchaining that murderer next to me.
But I... - Do us a favor and shut up.
One woman's meat is another's poison.
There's no reason why somebody would want him dead.
Don't bullshit me.
He knew he was foolish to talk to himself like this; it really accomplished nothing.
"Stop the car, and don't do anything stupid."
That's a .44 caliber hole in his head.
"Feds say the surveillance disks will be ready in the morning, but we got to get our own asses to the casino to pick them up."
Kill someone ? What do you mean by sins ?
Most agents would've dumped his ass.
Shit! It's okay.
"You keep eating crap like that, you won't be able to see your balls."
Where the fuck have you been?
I'm in a goddamn wedding.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What is your fucking problem?
It was because his dick. . . . . .was longer than the barrel on his Walker Colt.
We're gonna look insane.
It never did make sense how you could blow off a hottie like me.
He'll haul your ass right to jail if I say so.
My mother thinks my father's the devil:
Don't you see that you've insulted the freak?
Goddamn.
Sisters of the Blind could hit it out with an aluminum bat.
That bitch knows me for 20 years.
This is going fucking perfect!
Bite your tongues
"""In exchange for your forgiveness, I will allow you 10 Indian burns, 3 pink bellies, 2 Dutch ovens, and a chili dunk."""
I can't stop thinking about those spiders in your boobies.
"No Spectre gunships, daylight instead of night... ...afternoon when they're all fucked upon khat... ...only part of the city Aidid can mounta counter-attack on short notice...."
"Well, I was trying to come up with something really romantic to give Bernadette for Valentine's Day since she's been such a pain in the ass."
"I don't give a shit about you, just what's in your head!"
And this imbecile here... ... all Sundays... ... took the tractor to go to celebration.
I'm not your garbage man.
Let's go to the show! Shit!
"You're gonna tell me the monkey's gay. how do you know he doesn't smoke monkey pole, huh?"
"You spasm so hard you break your own back, spit your guts out."
"Then he proceeded to lobotomize Hal, unplugging his brain modules one by one."
"I have breasts, you know. Nope, Hazel."
You're like fucking Jason Bourne or something!
Who comes from the most fucked-up family?
"Oh, damn it, Johnny, you know I love my big beef and cheddar."
And then she threatened to kill me unless I left the house.
Fucking pale you are too.
You sure scared the shit out of him.
They're reallydull parties full of really dull people.
You must not know a damn thing about fighting if you're trying to intimidate a dead guy packing c-4.
He can pass it on to his horrible old father.
"Welcome to the real world, where most of the time... things don't go your fuckin' way."
"Fuck off, Rulle."
"When was the last time you met one who didn't think she knew everything about your lazy ass before you even opened your mouth, huh?"
"Norman, stop talking nonsense."
There's milk spilling down his chin and shit.
"No, he just walked over there real slow... ...´cause he's drunk... ...and shot him through the liver."
Shit. - That's awful.
"""Zale made fools out of us,"" said Sandecker curtly."
Are you calling my boyfriend deranged?
"I know you're just sucking up to my mom to make me jealous, and I couldn't care less."
"Yeah, the Losers Club."
"I'll kill anything, but never a kid."
In the upper part of the following picture (from the French historian Lacroix) The devils are stuffing the damned into large pots.
"What the fuck, Teddy?"
"Drink, bitches. Drink, drink."
It can be said that our medicine here sucks.
"Clearly, you are defective beyond repair."
All that ethics stuff that I don't give a crap about suddenly makes sense.
"But back in the all-or-nothin' days... Vanishing Point days, the Dirty Mary Crazy Larry days, the White Line Fever days... real cars smashing into real cars. Real dumb people driving them."
"When he came to orgasm, he supressed his scream."
You told Ellie to kill my baby names!
But to murder and butcher the women was a deed that Salisbury could not have ordered.
How long have you been luring him to your filthy slave cunt?
Hell.
This horse is more semen than he is horse.
You shit your pants today?
"Can you bang your head against the wall until you die, theoretically, I asked the doctor?"
Ah. - I won't let you make a fool of me.
Nation-states would assemble their armies and navies and send them off to do battle over some damned fool issue or other - afterward it would usually appear that there had been a peaceful alternative - and that was morally acceptable.
"""Damn,"" he swore seeing a look of pain cross Dyson's face."
I just hope they don't make me eat none of them damn fish eggs.
Hang yourself or don't hang yourself... you will regret both.
Somethin' damn manly.
"I don't give a shit what kind of trouble you're in. The next time you show up here, better be to pay me."
Don't touch me! Roma!
Get your friend killed!
I won't give you a drink... ...but I'm willing to give you a lead bullet.
I gotta get my shit.
Fuck the reviews!
Shoot it!
It was 'cause of your sister's breasts. They're perky.
"Get off her, man!"
"Maybe if you we're not on my ass, all the time, I'd be able to think straight."
"It's all a part of life's rich pattern, Brenda and you better fuckin' get used to it."
"Don't fuck yourself up worse, Kyle."
I thought being a private eye was about shooting dudes... and making out with sexy widows.
Get off of me.
"I'm unpleasant, not stupid."
"Besides being incredibly hot, they have no problem with casual sex, which by the way, I totally respect."
"And for God's sakes, slap some life on those dead lips."
"Yeah, they got their licks in and put a gun in my mouth And told me to stay away from their boy."
This girl is a giantess.
Two daysbefore the Super Bowl and they're already Killing each other.
This nigga's mine!
I don't want him coming out with just his dick.
What did you do to make her so pathetically crazy for you?
Come on. It's gonna have me fucking hand off.
"Listen... ...you have any great ideas... ...just keep themto your fucking self, okay... ...and leave this shit to me."
Psychiatrist.
"As long as Bhairava is alive, you won't get Mithra, traitor."
"Out, damned spot."
It's always bloody Corbett.
"Hell, then stay here!"
"Shit, she saw me."
"Guv, he won't give you anything. He's a bullshitter."
I'd have to see your beast.
Shit. Why me?
"Not that, crybaby!"
Who gives a shit?
You gotta fuckin' be kiddin' me.
It's like a damn Tarantino movie out there.
Fairly useless from the neck down.
"Number one-- after a night of heavy drinking you wake up fully-clothed going, ""hey, somebody shit in my pants."""
Everyone's nuts on this movie!
"Told me your name, told me where you lived, gave me a lot of those eyes, those damned eyes, played coy, then hit me with So are you, Miss Thorne,' and walked away like Bogart."""
Good luck whoring your son.
"In light of what your father did to me, I think my R.E.M. cycle is permanently screwed."
He raped me?
"That's where your granddad is now, picking fag butts and whiskey bottles out of a giant mound of bookie slips."
"There's only one thing more powerful than white fear, and that's white guilt."
What the hell is...
You crazy?
"""Cowd as death!"""
"But they know anyway, he thought stupidly, for why else would I carry a German newspaper?"
"You should be happy you're Sasha fucking Bingham,"
Just some crazy old woman trying to take me as hostage.
"Tell me it's not fucking true, now!"
"When he's drunk, he's the worst."
Don't need to use your dirty fingers any-- hey!
This smartass didn’t realize how easy it would be.
"Dream on, midget."
Don't fuck with us now.
You're jaguar meat.
Not like a garbage dirt.
The name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble.
"What the hell's your problem today, Dan?"
"Oh, good, because it looks like you brought Some drunk, delusional hobo to my grandfather's wake."
"I feel awful, but it was worth it to catch and kill this baby fish."
I want him not to exist.
"Oh, yeah. Well, you are not here for the fucking food."
That stabbing is a substitution for the act of sex.
"Stop crying, bitch!"
Are you shitting me?
'I killed the Mad Bishop of Pseudopolis in one.
Thought you was gonna make a fool out of Kelly Robinson?
Smartass.
If I could get a witch in the castle...
"This story runs in the Chronicle, I will sue your ass."
You fucked it?
You kiss her bum as soon as Green fired or did you wait till Barney actually hit the ground?
"Someday that drain will get clogged up, they’ll send a guy down there and he’ll think he won the fucking lottery, unless there’s a flood or something that pushes all the change down to the waste treatment plant, or wherever it goes."
It's a crap idea.
"I mean, sure, Jesus could restore my physical and spiritual virginity, especially if I lost it to some rapist, but... who wants that?"
Makes you look-- Old and fat.
I say nothing when the crap tables and the bar are short.
Open the damn door!
"If you're gonna take a poke at me, I'm begging you, not in the face."
"If there was any game, it was all scared off by the noises his stupid machines made."
Cuff them all.
"Shit, my father."
This is a guess: He's gonna burn our bodies.
You banged my wife.
"Now as I infiltrate the nsa, I'll be able to broadcast everything To all my shitter followers."
"“You’re going to do this if it kills you,” she said."
Knock me out.
You should definitely call him by his real name... ...which is cunt or villain.
"I can play Harlem Globetrotters shit with it, like Meadow Lark Lemon?"
You're cleared to shoot on the weapon or the shooter.
You suck all the fun out of life.
"Why mine, bitch?"
Once they were in they beat up anyone they saw.
We can't let him escape! A killer!
You think I'm nuts or stupid.
You’re a damn good reporter.
The great master thief...
There'd be nothing but jungle then a glimmer then you'd be dead.
"Another hard one, stubborn and stolid."
"He realized suddenly that he wanted to shoot Stark, and not with a .22, either."
"You're pissed at the end of the night, try and get your hand up her skirt."
"When you focus on kung fu, when you concentrate... ...you stink."
I can boil a bloody egg.
Kill the lights in the lab.
So I'm not allowed to be a Muslim because I'm black?
We don't take that shit to Miles at all.
Don't you think you're a flawed human being?
Them little diddles think I don't have eyes in the back of my head .
Kill no one unless necessary.
All I saw was black.
"We must realize that we are no longer the most hated people on the planet. And help the children change the meaning of the word to describe those annoying, loud, faggot Harley riders!"
Is it standard for U.S. personnel to have sex with prisoners and kill them?
"He was aware that someone else was trying to horn in on the party, the fabled innocent bystander, and Rosie's little cocksucker friend was telling him to stay away."
"One of those women - if you like football, you must be a yob."
"fuckin' A, - Surel a chocolate assortment has been known to melt the heart of even the hardest misanthrope,"
"This is how they get shitbirds like you, Georgie."
What the fuck is this?
Love is what keeps fucking you long after the sex has dried up. Stop!
"Sugar Boy, hell, no."
But if that was so - 'Then what was all that rubbish about wanting to learn German and Russian?' he snapped.
Get down off that horse and put me in the cut.
"""Why not ejaculaþi both out the window?"""
It is the sentence of this court that on November 6 at 6:00 a.m. you shall be hanged by the neck until dead.
Hot damn!
Is it all rubbish?
Get the fuck out of here!
"And maybe, just maybe, if you get your shit together, I might let you see him."
"First, I wanna say that the Vikings are gonna kick some major ass tomorrow!"
What is the first fucking rule?
"""Your little witch apparently didn't know about contact lenses."""
Either shut up and leave the acting lessons for home or go back to the ladies' room.
"Oh, his poor brain was swimming."
"Wooldoor, I don't want to blow the gay future."
"If she wanted him dead, I should think she might have chosen some other method."
So he's notgoing to kill you?
"You can go talk to them all you want, but you're only gonna end up looking crazy."
"Send it to the second floor, save me filling out bloody chits."
You had the fucking tracking device.
I dare to reject both of you.
I'm silly to worry.
I just threw him to the floor and I drove my sword through him.
Don't waste my time with this baloney.
Eating a fucking stork.
"Once, I snapped a guy's neck for a girl."
Harry finds me in a pool of blood Turns me into his own personal vendeta machine and when he see's the monster he created in action he kills himself
"At last I shook my fist in his ugly face, and told him as a cousin I'd brain him."
The thief killed him.
"In his lunatic arrogance, it would never have occurred to him how well that mistaken idea might serve his supposed friend's purpose."
"At least he cares about me, which is more than I can say for you. You're a two-faced fake"
Why hadn't they waited to kill the third?
Tell that other one to make up the fucking room.
"For shooting Rogue, just rough you up to bit, that's all"
"Damn, I thought that was closer."
"""Holy shit,"" Eddie said, seeing the baseball Cullum must have meant."
That's your assassin.
"An anvil could hit you on the head tomorrow, and he could live another 40 years."
"Oh, I forgot that you don't hook up with girls just for fun. Screw it."
I killed Cuba!
Where the fuck's Torrio?
Fuck he want?
"It must have been a maniac, someone who gets his pleasure from blood."
"But what did it all portend for today’s baby, the inconvenient and embarrassing bastard?"
What the hell -- ?
"Watch out, sex isn't everything."
I'm not going to the mall with someone dressed dumb space bear.
"Yeah, cut the crap, Mountstuart."
"So far as he's concerned, we are having sex right now, and I am doing everything in my power to make it a memorable occasion for you."""
"Do you think that I am a fool, to let an expert like you go?"
"You find somebody that say different, see if I don't slap them to sleep."
"Jim or Bob or whateveryour name is, if ever you're pretending to be in the fashion business again, a little note: except for strippers, women like jewelry on their fingers, not on their tits."
What you looking at? Shit!
"You happy now, bitch?"
You are... something with tampons.
They're killing people out there.
"Goddamn it, Harold, you can't do this!"
You shut your mouth and open your mind... and you ain't gonna be doing but a small piece of this 20.
"I don't like these girls, its more sex I will stop worship if chase supirior anyway"
You will become dust!
"No, no, I won't take your nasty medicine!"
"Look, Cordova's lawyer is raising hell."
It was dumb luck.
Maybe I'm a little fucking crazy.
"Good nutrition has given you some length of bone, but you're not more than one generation from poor white trash, are you, Agent Starling?"
"Shut up, Simato!"
And I say fuck you to all those guys who do not love you for you.
Who the hell is he to you? We've never had cops in our house before...
"Stupid new guy down at the station said,"
He puts his finger inside of her.
You'il make that dog sick.
"If you can't calm him, I'll hook you up with man boobs."
"I've seen the worst, the dregs... but you--"
"They mocked at me, they spat upon me, they drove me away with kicks and laughs."
"""I'm gonna fuck you so hard, I'm gonna split you in half."""
I'll go down and sort this shit out.
"He had power, Fiddler, but he didn't do a damn thing with it!"
"Because if we don't get some in the next 24 hours, we're gonna be in deep shit."
She went back to the clinic for an extra day to try and hook another sucker.
Killing me won't make a difference.
"Plus, Dex hasn't had sex with me since before the Fourth of July."
He wants to hit us.
And I think you understand me when I say that they won't mind killing you... or killing your family to get their hands on these objects.
"When he could move his right hand, he began to rub his throat and massage his neck."
You got that shit on tape?
"Shit, don't you see it!?"
What bothers me is that he looks like an old woman.
"I mean, a real hour, not one of your ""let's stretch this out till 2:00 A.M."" You might as well stay and have sex"" hours. Right."
"No, you'd be the one to poke holes in the condom."
"I should be just thrilled... that you're finally on your feet, and instead, I'm just- I'm acting like a jealous little ninny."
"We're fornicating like degenerate beasts, but the cockroaches don't know that!"
"Understanding freedom as the rapid satisfaction and multiplication of needs and desires, I recollected, people distort their natures as they engender within themselves many senseless and stupid desires, habits and the most unlikely inventions...."
"If she doesn't reach over, lift up that button for you... she's a selfish broad and all you're seeing is the tip of the iceberg."
Two little bitches trying to freak us out.
Didn't mean a damn thing.
"Man, you're cool as shit, mister."
"Hey Jack, we better get out of here before he starts sucking our dicks."
"You know, I would expect this kind of bullshit from the guys, but you of all people?"
I don't care if he's the devil or God.
Or maybe bloody both!
Ex-con. Three-time loser. Career criminal.
"And you best not tell nobody for your own fucking sake, you feel me?"
"Slow down, turn ahead! Shut up!"
One guy even said he came down in a damn spaceship.
Because you are going to kiss tomorrow my girlfriend.
"Dude, I'm not getting out of the fucking car."
"Hot damn, we sure cleaned up that bunch, didn't we, Mr. Benedict?"
"And if we don't tell them that they can survive down here, they'll kill more people."
And if he is killed.
The hell we are.
Stubborn as hell.
Invite me over to the garbage can for a wine and cheese party.
What he wanted was a genuine white hooker.
"Your Prada jacket is little Kevin's Prada jacket, before it was his-- I can see your little brain ticking over."
"It's kind of like chinese, in that respect, dog language."
Now he's on his own. He doesn't give a shit about anything and you know it.
It's too trashy.
"He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, ""GOT YOUR CONK!"""
"Can I see you sometime, and would you walk over to that door and punch me in?"
Your little accident is all over the damn press!
"""I'll sting this guy over here."
"Shit, Han..."
or fucked up Grauman's Chinese...
"Well, who asked you, skinny-ass Mary Poppins?"
He put his filthy hands on every part of me.
"I may have said that I eat cock for breakfast, Lunch, and dinner."
"This place doesn't give a rat-ass about you or me, or any of us."
Do you want to get mutilated?
I don't give a damn what you want.
"That's great, but I'm dealing with the most ridiculous job in history."
I hope your little weenie fall off.
Damn! -You knew her too?
What the hell do you think I pay you for?
"There is no phone ringing, damn it!"
"Yeah, community service sucks!"
You let your brothers trash Rebecca in front of the entire Greek system.
"They're like nomads, wandering the streets of New York City, kicking ass and taking names. Which isn't the most original turn of phrase, but the character is so great."
Old enough to know how much I fucked up his life.
Do you wanna know how disgusting?
"Hey, shit, Dickie, I got mouths to feed."
And he didn't know that you only do drugs with your friends Because they're the only ones that give a fuck about you!
A friend working in Russia once fucked a penguin.
Men of violence.
"I fucked this up, didn't I?"
"Let me take that urine, Frank."
Party like fuck!
Slaves don't talk back to their masters.
Can't you have some pity for me and let me die alone?
"You're a bum, you know that?"
"Son, crying in your drink is bad enough crying into a hot fudge sundae is disgusting.'"
Maybe that's why the jerk-off died.
I'll break you... and make you eat out of my hand.
"Well, now you know how I felt when your freaking helicopter went down and I didn't know if you were on it."
Like your goddamn ties.
Look what I found in shit-turd friend's backpack.
"Ralph told this funny fucking joke, though... at Albert's party."
"Yo, Jimmy, hit it, baby. Hit it!"
Sure was ugly.
"Hey, without my bullshit, you're still waiting on lab work."
Let's measure dicks.
"Well, I hope you're ready for some form-fitting polyester, gay Clark Kent from season one of Smallville, because it looks like you're going to be the bottom of my Cheerios pyramid after all."
Shut up! Will you hold the boat a moment?
Hot shit. See what you done?
Now it's a damn muddy mish-mosh!
"Quit fucking around, a guy lost his arm."
"""He could take two days to die with that wound."""
"Damn, it's cold!"
"You know, you should really get him in one of those after-school programmes instead of letting him run all wild and shit."
Burn their little home so we can get back to ours.
I hate the fucking French!
"You've been a disappointment to me since the day... your mother farted you out of her womb."""
Drop the gun or I drop your boss.
I merely assumed the leader would have more than half a brain.'
Because that's how goddamn fast your life can change.
You don't know shit about that cargo.
Are you fucking listening to me?
"He said everyone at ImpSec HQ knew Illyan thought you shit gold bars."""
"When they killed the boy in Varna who was in love with me, they told me I was a hopeless bitch."
You get your worthless ass out of my house right now or I'll have the cops here so fast...
I think Max makes them shut up.
I thought we were going to get fucking hooned and cause a ruckus.
We're gonna have to get rid of any trace of you.
Some girl is gonna be dead soon if I don't take Speltzer out.
"Driver, I insist that you do something to stop this vicious brute."
You think you can draw on my fucking car? - Hey!
"Use it, Temple. You stink."
Goddamnit to hell!
Some bully shot!
"I should march up to her and tell her to grab those arrogance-dripping, petulance-oozing, surgically cosmeticized bims she brought along and hit the bricks."
"I said, ""Dammit, Lou, wait till we get to Frisco."""
Why everything a goddamn acronym with you?
"The ops officer, on the other hand, looked like a woman who wanted to strangle people with her bare hands."
My uncle's got horses and cows and goddamn goats... ...and all kinds of animals I don't even know nothing about.
How did you get to be so ugly?
Matthew lives in that nasty student Hotel Malebranche...
Tomorrow night they will consecrate the cornerstone of their new temple with a virgin's death.
"Women love to talk about their vaginas, they do."
MYOCET DOXORUBICIN HCL VIAL
"I don't like this situation either, it sucks, is what it does... ...but it's the best I could come up with."
"All right, Mase, let's go get sissy ready."
Bet your ass I got a problem.
"'Your teeth fall out when you get fuckin radiation poisonin, I saw that in a movie one time."
They expected us to do their dirty work for them and be long dead by now.
You take man's virginity?
Right? No one else on this damn beach has a video.
We're gonna nail him with his agent.
"You know, it used to be that a very select, few lucky people got to see my boobs, and now I whip them out everywhere like they're udders."
"God damn it, Axel, I got a wife, three kids, a mortgage and a pension that won't cut it."
That's the fucking point.
You wanna get shot in the other knee?
There's fucking billions of them!
We have sex.
How about you start off with a nice little virgin like Betty?
"Yeah, well, it's a fucked procedure."
I sniffed you out the moment you entered this bar. Along with your pathetic wolfsbane.
"I am somewhat immature, but you're more immature."
This doesn't prove a damn thing.
"Well, I ain't no fucking kike, if that's what you're asking me."
I can bitch about it if I want.
"God, you're weird."
T'was me with a fag-end.
I hate everyone who writes theatre blogs.
"Destroy you, though, won't it?"
You shot your mouth off to half the town.
"We'll turn you from a sweet Sandy into a slutty Sandy... dancing at the school fair in high heels, black spandex, and permed hair."
Show these garbage people out!
"Jesus, he's like a gremlin."
"Stories about Bean as a ""tough little bastard"" would, of necessity, set Achilles up as Bean's superior, able to evaluate him."
"Believe me, sooner or later, he'd have slapped a price tag on my ass."
Why don't you give us some more sex tips to cheer us up?
Knock him out!
Tough luck for you dicks who don't have gills.
But then you're killed the moment he leaves?
Damn you look frightened.
"And she offered me some Twinkies, and I sat on her lap and I said, ""Let's fuck."""
"I would have shot, but it was dark."
You'il think I'm nuts.
We appoint two nature-lovers to the court. Good environmentalists who'd kill Mattiece and his oil field.
Brown killed the girl in your apartment.
God damn it!
Let's kill them all at once. the only way to do that is to replace her entire immune system.
"Oh shit, it's a Decepticon!"
I was-- I was fine... Until I read your fucking book.
"'If my officers knew how you spoke of them, they'd have you waylaid in an alley and beaten to death."
What's it take to get some fucking smoked turkey in this house?
Get off him!
She was just screwing with you.
"Vagina songs, vagina home songs. Not since the soldiers Put a long, thick rifle"
"And, so help me, you and I will never have sex again if you don't give back their bluff."
Would you like another Extra Big-Ass Fries?
'You poor bastard.'
"No, I'm just dirty on the inside."
Enjoy your white people shit.
"So, I decided that I want to use my bitch powers to protect the people that I care about."
Little pike... teach my lazy ass boyfriend a lesson.
"Escaped convict, murderer."
"First this Arsenio shit, then this."
"Those people are mean, and angry, and..."
It gave me no small satisfaction to hear Jonathan slanged; I even hoped Ray would lose his cool enough to bloody that perfect hook nose.
That's ridiculous.
Mines the black one!
I've heard some stupid fuckin' ideas but yours makes Bacon's sound inspired.
Why the hell we eating burritos?
"Maybe that girl that was there, that kind of trashy-looking girl..."
Rats off a sinking ship.
"The Germans had us pinned down, and you saved our asses."
The one who called her psycho.
"You got another fucking beer, man?"
Just female trouble.
"Damn it, Freckles, don't."
Don't keep fucking with me!
"Once capped over the head the blades are triggered, decapitating the victim"
Long enough for me to get to feeling a little silly about what we did.
All she could do was grin and bear it and fight down a pressing desire to rip out the girl's throat with her teeth.
I'm proud to rip the flesh off anyone who comes between me and...
"Hey, I heard that your leg is retarded."
"And he threatened your family, his hind brain added."
Stay in your holes.
"You're seeing clients, old buddies and a dope whore."
He's weak.
Where'd that moron come from?
"No matter how many we kill, they'll keep coming."
The crowd went fuckin' nuts.
Tennis elbow be damned.
He fucking stabbed me.
Hey! Now you're playing your damn tricks on me again!
I've got that cunt from The Wall Street Journal on my cell phone.
"And throw some shit, they might kick us out."
Ozzy beats him to the punch and starts licking up Nikki's piss.
VELKAN: I would rather die than help you.
"That's just fine, you billy goat."
"I wish I could say, for the sake of her family, that the accomplishment of her earnest desire in the establishment of so many of her children produced so happy an effect as to make her a sensible, amiable, well-informed woman for the rest of her life; though perhaps it was lucky for her husband, who might not have relished domestic felicity in so unusual a form, that she still was occasionally nervous and invariably silly."
Apparently he's lost his motherfucking mind.
"Shut up that racket!"""
It's like the ugliest damn tick you've ever seen.
But now it's time to clean the scum off the streets.
Get on your cock sucking knees and pray!
Even when people roll their eyes or call you crazy.
"If you come to Montauban, see that all Germans are dead."
I never imagined myself with a guy who handles trash for a living.
"Don't fucking worry, Chlo."
"Okay, I'm stupid."
Make his knuckles bleed.
"""WTF? Sad face."
I'll starve to death.
I wanna hear you tell the fat guy how fat he is.
This was a stupid idea.
"During the last century, innumerable texts were written describing the horrific consequences of masturbation."
One night of great sex didn't change that.
And killing Byrne was the solution?
"You know, to scare the shit out of their enemies."
"How am I gonna relay what these two nutballs said to me, unless I say it?"
"There was a woman brought here from the House of Batiatus, beautiful and young, one a fat shit like you would have taken notice of."
"So he's vacuuming, cooking, and changing dirty diapers, and you're still pissed."
Can you read that shit?
"Let me just hope... they don't make us take... diet pills or something, drugs... something to turn us into zombies or whatever the fuck."
"""And God looks after fools,"" muttered Fraser."
"""See if you can reach Clut, Sheila, and tell him to really watch his ass."
There was something... ...feminine... ...something diabolical... ...about the young one who died.
Left hook... right cross... and dump him.
I will not negotiate with criminals or thugs.
"'Ye've seen the big wee hag often enough, right?"
"She cheats on her husband with two different guys, wastes all his money, then kills herself with rat poison?"
"Press a button, ring a bell... ...and you think the whole damn worldcomes running, don't you?!"
I let go of his hand (wondering if he'd washed it since the last time he jerked off) but let him pull me out into the hall.
"Cause, like everybody else, you're a starfucker."
"""She gives me a bath, a rubdown, ""and makes passionate love to me."
"Yeah, because they all involved Leaking a chuck/vanessa sex tape to the internet."
"Did you just stop loving your wife, Gay?"
You must be tired of living! I'll beat you to a pulp!
Damn him!
"Who cares, moron, get in there!"
You're makin' the biggest fuckin' mistake--
We should attack France with all our might.
Takes some serious balls to walk away from three million bucks.
You're fuckin' with the best!
"Admittedly I do check his Facebook like every day to see if he's dating somebody new, which is so pathetic."
"And I could nail your head to the table, set fire to it... ...and feed your charred remains to the Pak'ma'ra."
"""Where in the Nine Hells did I put me damned locket?"""
That guy was really sick.
"""What nonsense you speak,"" Taine said, after a beat."
Worst roommate ever.
"If you ladies leave my island, if you survive recruit training... ...you will be a weapon, a minister of death, praying for war."
He's gonna eat the guy's brains with a shrimp fork?
And it's fun watching you spank them.
"For an extra five bucks she'il spit in your face, Mum."
White people don't get ashy.
No. I don't want none of your stupid candy.
"In the middle of the night, I woke up with this gigantic erection, God..."
No ass.
Get off me.
"Move your ass, dude!"
You prefer us to torture you?
Murdering our Holy Father.
Don't tell 'em anything until you see your fuckin' lawyer!
"""Fistandantilus was an evil man."
"Which means, when you go to bed tonight, four or five billion people will be asking, ""Who the fuck is Starbuck?"""
"Fuck, I saved him."
Just give me a damn name.
Damn it. - ...to be an existential threat to Israel?
"Jackass, fruit smoothies for my friends."
"Goddamn, this place is scary, yo."
I just came to tell you you need to get your shit together!
"I was so tired, so fucked up by all those pills."
"Okay, but I'm sure whatever bastard children you've had... have been adopted by now."
You couldn't kill me if you tried.!
"Hey, you! Dildo!"
"Shit. Ladies and gentlemen, you've heard the evidence and the arguments of counsel."
"By Satan, you let them burn your tail and sign you up for the army!"
Did you fucking see that?
General Feraud hasn't the brains to make himself dangerous.
"Dude, he's farting fire!"
"Thanks to Joshua, he'd worked up a taste for poetry, of all the damn things, and he looked at an occasional novel, too."
"Are you blind, just like stupid camels?"""
"You are perishing, and you are doomed to perish utterly from the face of society."
Bastard from a basket.
"Kick it, Mr. Blass."
White cries.
"Hey, guys, turn off those damn televisions!"
Do you slobs expect us to clean up after you?
I'm gonna go get a job or go fucking grow some dope and sell a bit of dope and support my family that way--
"The U.S. can be errantly likened to a powerfully built, but retarded child, potentially dangerous, but young, immature and easily manipulated."
(Yelps) Oh my damn.
"Killed three men in a Del Rio motel yesterday, and two others in that colossal goat-fuck out in the desert."
"Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's that place with all those naked ladies, right?"
"Crap, we wasted a lot of time."
"Shit, I was just having fun."
"Instead, it did what any mortal fencer would consider foolish."
You don't deserve a woman like this.
"You let these kids kill, and now you're quiet."
"“Buffoon,” he stated."
Hang him!
"All women do is laugh and sing and say the word ""pussy."" You ask any doctor and he'll tell you that."
"""every time I hear the motherfucking Slinky song,"
"I'm telling you, you look fucking wow!"
What do you let it lick you like that for? Gross.
"That's government property, Dad. Shit."
You are crazy with all this walking around?
And now I have a sucky attitude and I'm not about anything either.
"Look, no one likes guns unless you're fucking holding one."
"Hey, I forgave you for all your garbage A long time ago, and su and I worked things out."
"It's so disgusting, absurd, we shouldn't have accepted it."
My parents send me this care package crap once a week.
"Hey, you wouldn't be licking my head if you didn't."
Are you out of your goddamn mind?
Put him in a fucking trunk in Jersey.
"Being a girl, she can't play a boy's match. Remove her!"
"Kill any...? oh, no, you don't understand."
"Fuck the both of you, man."
Getting rid of the worst house guest ever.
I shoulïve uglied you up so no one else would want you.
"""It reads minds all right-damn little doubt about that!"
She's useless to us now.
Black ones have I seen.
"What we're saying is, that piece of shit stuck in your trousers... ...would do more damage if you fed it to him."
He had a gun pointed at the heads of the entire human race.
"It's a mistake any deranged, half-witted computer could've made."
Blackness is roaring down on you.
"Somebody's got to be the hero, so why not you, for once in your miserable life?!"
But he took out our goddamn backup?
"An awakening conscience, unaccompanied by new wisdom, made his life so damned lonely, he decided he wouldn't much mind being dead."
Luck is for losers.
My friends spend most of their time screwing around and getting wasted.
Then it's up to your sex appeal
I want you and your rebels to hit Monroe from the inside.
The new HYDRA grew. A beautiful parasite inside S.H.I.E.L.D.
"Oh, crap!"
You're like some kind of Dumpster Jedi.
If I were only 30 years younger By that I mean I'd blow him.
I want your fucking wallets.
You never wanted to call it anything else. You're damned right.
"I'm gonna get my pants outta the fuckin' dryer, okay?"
Have your little toy. Melon-fucker!
I'm gonna get you that needle.
"You're gonna sleep like that, you should shut this."
"Boring old ass, but it keeps the thing in the family."
I sound like a sensible fuckin' man.
He left me alone with a cocksucker.
"Likely, half the soldiers either didn't believe that call or were simply too drunk to heed it, and the other half probably couldn't even find their damned weapons!"
If he uses those same preventers when Aegis-1 goes on-line there'll be a goddamned disaster.
Your musical sex toy has arrived.
You know you'll never get over your fear by killing yourself or your patients.
Shoot from outside!
And why did you pull such a pathetic stunt?
And I will fire on anyonewho attempts to obtain another one.
Flora was an embarrassment to our family.
"You had a whole lot of shit to say Tuesday night, all right? Fuck you, Mike."
"Ooh, yeah, maybe I'll go as killjoy."
"I saw it, but man, you have to work the girl a bit, give her the talk, and bullshit her."
You hate it here. I hate you being here.
It was a place to go when running to the supermarket in Brewer was just too much of a pain in the ass.
"Shit, I..."
Then what the hell do you see in her?
"A giant black raised his spear above his head, and gave voice to a savage cry of rage and hate."
Should go bash his face in with a baseball bat while he's sleeping?
"You freaky deak with somebody else's woman, you get seriously hurt."
"Tell me about it, man. I gotta wake my ass up at 6:00 a.m. every day this week... drag up to Las Colindas."
That's where... that's where city workers send their loser relatives. It's a job.
"Every time I fucking take you out, you're fucking drunk."
"Whether it's you keeping secrets from me, or you, Grayson, having sex with all of my friends."
I hate this kind of women.
They don't care which one of us bleeds.
"This time, I will clobber him."
Bill don't be silly.
"Motherfucker, you don't decide how you go to jail."
Don't play dumb!
Bliss is a sickness.
Piss test me if you want.
That's pretty fucking funny.
I'm gonna see if I can get one of the evil cock gobblers To cover my shift so I can get over to the dfs And start tracking down the kids.
but don't-- - Don't involve you? ...feel like you have to suck me into it.
You think your wife and daughter would feel good about you killing in their name?
"He had lank, unruly hair and the gray, meager complexion of an ascetic."
Did you tell this kid how much fucking money I have?
"I'm your bloody hero, eh, old scout?"
I'll smother 'em with fun!
Get out of my bloody car!
Who the hell asked you?
I'll murder that dog one day.
You'll burn... for what you did to my daughter.
You are a shit like the rest of us.
"Suck on the straw, see where the drink leaks."
Who the hell are you to talk to me about my son?
"Try any sleight of hand with my money, and I'll cut your throat."
He's making me so damn mad.
"Right, let's go run him over."
I fucking sound like John Boutté.
"You're gonna die, junior."
Nathalie also cummed.
Why the hell would he do that?
He was miserable.
There are a liar.
Glenn's bleeding to death!
"Hey, Rhonda here just got her boobs done, and they garnered a very enthusiastic round of applause from the audience."
If I had any sense. -shut up!
And I've found four pathetic turtles with only seconds to live.
"You put yours down, damn it!"
"You really are a brilliant criminal mind, Lugo."
That was stupid and wrong... ...and I really miss you talking to me.
"All right, then you go ahead and make something all organic and healthy and vegetarian and shit, and I'll pick out a movie for us to watch."
"He'd throw a drunk every four or five months, mostly with trash like Rick Thibodeau or Stevie Brooks―those men really were alcoholics―but then he'd leave it alone except for a nip or two when he come in at night."
"well, in essence - make parents absolutely miserable."
"I kill this, and it's lights out for Mom and Dad."
Now you must go to sea with a stone around your neck!
Didn't suck.
"I know it's stupid, but sometimes I'll sneak in there... and open all the drawers... and lie on the floor and close my eyes and just smell her."
I'd rather pass a gallstone than believe any of that trash they're saying about you on TV.
"Sure, lots of dogs smell Indians."
"Oh, guys, check this shit out."
Buzzsaw gone... Dynamo down... but the stalk isn't over till the fat lady sings... and the very last criminal...
What the hell are they gonna do to us?
"So I said to her, ""I've never been to bed with an ugly girl,"
He lived in Paris for a while because he couldn't deal with shit over here.
You are so damaged.
Say you fucking remember blowing my partner's god dammed head off!
You think I'm a fool?
"And you drink blood and crap, and you think you're gonna live forever in outer space."
So you're just gonna leave me here like a piece of shit?
"That way, I'll get it in the neck and not you."
"Come on, I'm kidnapping you."
Think you're better than me because you've got both your nuts?
"The fuck I'm talking about, man."
2girls1cup akon power rangers mistic forse hanah montana xxx basshunter sexy girls wwe bb8 big brother kama sutra nude enrique iglesias hentai orgasm amnesia ibiza linkin park pamela anderson sex video jonas brothers sex scenes
"Sukarno's not stupid. He lets the Communists have arms, and we'll have a civil war here tomorrow."
You must think I'm a freak.
We'il put camos on youand give you a machine gun... ...and let you come with us.
Every Christian knight you kill will take ten Saracens with him.
Don't worry about this Holland shit.
"You nitwit, get upstairs and get your grandpa."
"While that may not mean jack shit to you, it means a hell of a lot to me."
Damn -- no ashtray.
Goddamn Variety had to print the story before I got the rights!
"All right, slap-head. Turn around."
Why the hell did you come here?
"'He protects us from the other renegades and bandits around here, so he can pluck us like chickens himself.'"
"Well, tell me like I'm an idiot. Uh, like I'm a medical student."
I'm going to be an engineer. And I'm going to make sure shit like that never happens again.
Who the fuck do you think you are?
We got to find somebody soon or we're gonna be screwed in Dubai.
You better back the fuck up and get back in your car... before you get beat down.
"Otherwise, she'll be talking trash about me the whole time, without me there to defend myself."
So at least it wasn't a fresh admission from Francis Jurgensen that that insufferable son-of-a-bitch Theisman had managed to deceive them as to his navy's combat capabilities after all.
"""Blast,"" Mullins snarled."
"You're in cancer, not varicose veins. Your patients die."
"What the fuck you want, Malamo?"
Do you find it risible... ...when I say the name... ...Biggus... ...Dickus?
"And if you weren't such a cut-rate dick, maybe he would still be alive today."
What does Mance want with a dead man's bastard?
Great breasts.
I'm not gonna do blow-job videos and I'm not leaving 'cause I got my rights.
"Well, my boyfriend, too, jerks off quite a bit, and I just thank him for taking his energy..."
"You don't turn forward, I'm going to have to cut you down."
During the early stages of fetal development there is no opening into the vagina at all.
"The Londoner had turned pale, while the other human, from the rugged and morose world of Shqipni, chewed on his large brown mustache."
It's aboot... What's so goddamn funny?
Asshole brought a lot of shit down on us without getting exemption.
No more porn.
"Heterosexuals, too."
You're getting yourself killed for a cop?
What am I fuckin'paying for?
"By ""no"" he means yes, and by ""ridiculous"" he means terrified."
"It's a pity, but that prisoner is as good as dead."
"Precisely because Jews are relatively unknown, therefore mysterious, and in some way associated with the West, they become an obvious fixture of anti-Western paranoia."
"If Morelli get killed, Ziggy Kuliza, he was an horror dealer."
Would you pass a piss test?
Jesus —and they said he was crazy!
Lousy.
You look like shit.
A light-blue hanky in your left back pocket means you want a blow job... ...right pocket means you give one.
You got that kid killed!
We will die for Saruman.
Who the hell are you?
"You're so pretty, Faith. Shit!"
What kind of sick fucking game are you playing at?!
"Dude, don't go all pussy like my dad, or else I got nobody."
They were afraid of the pig.
You know what's really gay?
Chloe drives me crazy.
You shitting me?
"The D.A. Has the second, a cripple from New York."
We can head south while Glaber cups his balls and makes speeches.
"Where the fuck is my boy's phone, huh?"
I had a fight with my mother and I had a fuckin' panic attack!
You were a lousy deal.
"It's useless crying, it's time to be pissed off."
I got this lab rat from my narc days. He's solid.
Nice fucking job on Corwin Earle.
Ig stood up on his ridiculous hind pair of legs and spoke.
Would you shut up?
"your grandma's not here anymore, so you better get your shit together like anybody else!"
You mean fucking. But there is tenderness and giving pleasure.
"Motherfuckers, must I tell him I had to ask twice?"
"If I ever see your face again, you're gonna lose an eye."
Do you know how this shit works?
"It was an idiot sound. . . but it was also wonderful, compelling."
Take a dump on his bed.
I guess some folks would call me a dirty cop.
What the hell is taking them?
I watched all of them fucking die!
That's why fucking Freud's picture's on every shrink's wall.
"He put his hand on her stomach, running his palm down towards her cunt, pressing hard on skin that looked and felt almost burnished."
"They were crack shots and very handy with all sorts of equalizers, and any small, slow, and stupid beast that turned its back on a crowd of boggies was looking for a stomping."
Tell me that's a crazy person.
"So until further notice, you're both staying at the damn station."
I'd like to hit him again just for the hell of it.
"People can suck on them, talk funny."
"""Blood of Jews"" is all over his face, right?"
I used to think it was just crap to tell tourists.
LOve is useless.
These flies... ...suck your blood.
"When I met him, he was a hot, goofy mess."
The G.I. tracts of all three rats are inflamed with caustic damage.
Give him the bloody bottle.
You'll be bloody trankluted!
There's this biker chick that Andy wants to fuck and a guy named Chess.
"Be yourself-- cold, uncaring, distant."
"Fucking is a sin, did you know that?"
"Sarah can't... Just go around shooting people with my guns, they're registered to me."
He should just sell this dump.
"Hello, waste of skin."
"Easy. Two, fucking three!"
Tell... tell me you don't swim in the sewer with that shit.
Insolent girl.
Shut up! Turn over slow.
I'll crack a window for you.
"I shall not say as much for that poor devil of a Portuguese, of whom our young friend has spoken."""
Shut your filthy mouth.
"You move, he'll have your bastard arm off!"
"No. 'Cause after every other fucking thing we went through last night, you got to make us stop at that new joint across from Nuttall's."
Hold your fire until you see something to shoot at.
"""Fuck, shit, Jesus"" is right."
"Hey, genius, the walls are oozing maggots, why are you taking a shower?"
"""Men are so stupid!"""
I hope the police do come here. You freak!
Oh God Damn.
"Oswald isn't a man, he's an ondageist."
"“I can feel it in me now,” she said, her nails raking her breasts."
"You see, Leo was stuck in a crap job with a philandering, but smoking hot wife."
"I had to promise them, you weren't a total fool."
Probably blame it on a damn spider.
Say this whole damn city gonna know Marlo ain't man enough to come down in the streets. He get the stash?
"No, we need someone boring, predictable, a real kiss-ass kind of guy."
No. You can't kill that thing.
"Simply a braggart and a cad who knows less French than I, if that’s possible."
I'm so hungry I could eat a crowbar and shit a jungle gym.
I said get your ass down here.
"""One monkey's between his legs with the knife,"" Tyler whispers with his punched-out face by my ear."
This shit's heavy.
"Shit. He really loved you, didn't he?"
"Yeah, an unpaid internship in the middle of bloody Germany."
Quelling knows about your bullshit lawsuit with Harold Gunderson.
We're here to spit in your enemy's eye!
If it ain't gluing your butt to a seat it's making you sweat like an animal!
I got a partial on the license plate. Shit.
Your dad is a tough old cuss.
"Holy shit, that was amazing."
To do what... kill one of my sisters?
The first count being that you're just as murderous as you claimed to be.
You should definitely tell that story when you host the white trash awards.
Get the hell out.
I'll pack up my shit.
There's gotta be at least 500 other smoke eaters here that do that shit for real every day.
Some sort of slave-whore?
You gaybo!
That's their fucking job.
Shit! This is not making me happy.
"(British accent) darling,who let this miserable creature in?"
I always wanted a girl who could kick my ass.
You want me to roll over and just lay dead?
"Damn it, I need you!"
"Only the strangeness of it, to me a Terran, and the strangeness of seeing the flash of my friend's spirit in this grim, fierce, provincial boy, made me dumb for a while."
Now we'll see if he's a part of it or just another ass-covering bureaucrat.
"You turn this into a circus, gonna get someone killed."
"Oh, God, I feel shit, Sarah."
But this shit is different.
Thanks. That's really fucking generous.
You two just pulled sea duty tomorrow. - Bullshit!
Your zombiepoison works like hell!
You're such a shite storyteller anyway. - I knew it had to be true.
"'A sick friend,' Mr Gray said."
"Well, I know about the ""sexy as hell"" part."
"You didn't even fuckin' know him, did you?"
We shall fight them in the quarry.
You guys get sick of jerking each other off?
"You really are a mess, aren't you?"
"You tell Haqqani anything happens to Saul, we execute the prisoners, right here, right now-- tell him."
You're a tear-donger!
You killed this.
Smile and tits out.
Where the hell is he while all these decent people are getting torn to shreds?
"Filthy insults."""
"""Damn good question."
"Shit, that's a shame."
I'll kill them all.
"I'm not gonna stick a thumb in that shot-up leg... ...because A, I think that's exactly what you expect me to do, and B... ...I don't think you'd crack anyway."
"I mean, maybe this stupid job isn't worth it."
What else would they fucking do with it?
Don't shoot my ass!
Shut your ass up. - Your man here says you got our money.
"I don't need your fucking status report, Serpico."
"And hanged you shall be, unless you beg our pardon here and now, and give us back our sword.'"
"I mean, your girlfriend, Becky, cheats on you, so you kill her."
Right... you've had a boner for her since the sixth grade.
I choose a crap life over no life at all.
It will be tough... but I prefer it because I was afraid to kill Jim here.
It is as if I had killed you too
You cut my fucking finger off.
"Take the biggest guy in the world, shatter his kneecap and he'll drop like a stone."
How disgusting.
"They immediately sprang to their feet, again indulging in the most extravagant demonstrations of joy, weeping, laughing in an idiotic manner, jumping, stamping upon the deck, tearing their hair, and praying and cursing by turns."
"You owe me 1,000 pushups and 1,000 suicides before you can play."
"Oh. Except for all those maniacs down there, it seems perfect."
Without having to kill someone.
What's with all the fucking suitcases?
Bookies threatened to kill you?
"Are you my friend, or are you some bloodsucking network vampire?"
Get the fuck out of here.
"All right, if you were in my place, you'd take the hit."
"Your estranged, two-timing bitch of a wife calls you up for a quickie, and you hop on the first shuttle ?"
Romantic idiots.
Always cutting her nose off to spite her face.
I told Diana Yellin that you were a dendrophiliac.
"Walsh said, ""You have no guts."""
Crap. They want the van back.
The hell?
"""You're mentalic,"" Wanda said."
Ten years of my life... bought and fucking paid for.
And she whacked me with a lamp.
"When this public opportunity to do that arose, he pulled his shit together,... ..risked life and limb, and faced the oddsto come and give it his best shot."
"Fear can turn to love - you'il learn to see to find the man behind the monster: this repulsive carcass, who seems a beast but secretly dreams of beauty, secretly..."
It might explain why he's trying to give up the fags.
Shut up! - Get him outta here.
"Whoever she was, she was a freak show."
Not the bit she sucked on!
"Ring blocked it and hit the fat youth in the jaw with a straight left, followed by a right cross."
"Bea the Coward, who even after she had risked everything lacked the courage to reach out to the one person in all the world who mattered."
I'm leaving. I haven't felt this awkward since my mom had sex with my prom date in the limo and made me drive.
You said some shit about my mama?
I can't stop having sex with that Polish caveman.
"I get it, I just find it bizarre that you don't have any kind of shit list."
And kicking it in New York city.
"Gonna need it. Sylvester, kill the gas."
The last person that got the better of me... I tracked her funky ass down... and tortured her for 16 fucking days.
You want me to rat on Felipe Lobos?
You burn 'em swiftly and you give their ashes to Poseidon.
"Now, I don't care if it's rival gangs, Guardian Angels... ...or the goddamn Salvation Army... ...get them off the street and off the front page."
"Long ago, he was a thug, brimming with an evil Ki, who wandered the North, South, East, and West Galaxies, attempting to destroy each one of them."
I haven't seen you in a long time and you get fucking fresh.
Come on! Don't bullshit me.
I know shit.
"And carter and i,we tried to draw the line the best we can so we can save our own ass and everybody saves their own ass."
How was I supposed to know they'd invite fucking vampires to their barbecue?
"""Bastard!"""
"Sleeves way too long and in the front she'd embroidered, ""Blacks go home""."
"Stray more than 10 miles from the city center or put yourself into any circumstances that are suspicious, and we will swoop in and haul you away like a run-of-the-mill crook."
Fuck. He's wearing Kevlar.
"Be a shame to shoot you. Comrade junior lieutenant, have you got some paper?"
Damn it! These new buyers just seem like terrible people.
He got a little bored and had an affair with a slut named Liane Cartman.
"You leave this room and you'll touch doorknobs, elevator buttons. Then you'll be the outbreak monkey."
"Tell anyone how bad it sucks, because it's too much for people."
The real Jew is a wanderer.
How many Dornishmen does it take to fuck a goat?
"Even if he's a wimp, you should be thankful that he's sticking by your side."
"Harriet, kill the strobe."
Because it's fucking...
I'm sucking life.
We have stupid insurance.
I don't care if I'm a fish and you're a duck.
I know my fucking story.
Frida-Ass?!
"My moves is tight, dog. Look."
"I am who I appear to be, only it wasn't Rumplestiltskin who turned me into this wretched form."
"So, Jerusalem is lost. Muslim warriors have conquered it by the sword and the Templars prepare to die, every last man."
Would it kill you to try and make a little conversation?
"Don't be foolish, your clothes are still wet."
"You're like nick cage in ""leaving las vegas,"" Except you don't have elabeth shue to fuck."
You just fucked your own trial.
I don't like you anymore.
"SHE WHIMPERS Light as many matches as you want, babe. Diesel doesn't ignite on contact with naked flames."
"Well, have you tried using drugs, like Cialis or Viagra or some shit?"
He knifes him.
Just go get us some fucking food.
"So, we bust him!"
I don't know why I had such a big bug up my ass about Brian's farewell party.
"Well, you're fucked, 'cause my dad is forcing me to go out with you, so let's just get this over with, all right?"
And that's when you gonna wake up and realize the only reason you smoked so much ass up in Fresno is because I wasn't in it.
"We arrest a wacko homeless guy, and happy holidays."
"I just figured it's not working out between us, and hell, I'll never see you again."
I'm gonna crush the baby.
Why the fuck would you bail me out?
Whatever killed the son of God will give birth to the son of the devil.
"If you do not care to watch it hanging here dead, with a mouth full of flies... ...speak now."
How'd it even hold a pen with its big testicle?
"And she had a half-nigger kid. Now, if that's a fact, tell me, am I lying?"
"'Damned if I know,' Picker muttered."
With the shit I got on Kelly? Yeah.
I did something really stupid today.
You got me freaking.
"'But since I'm not stupid,' Quick Ben said hastily, 'I'll take leave, now.'"
You know how much shit I'm taking at work?
"You need to put on your big-girl pants, Suck it up and figure it out for yourself."
"Come on, Roy, why do I got to freeze for a fucking skivatz?"
Holy crap!
Who the hell told you to say anything?
Shut up. I have friends.
"I don't suppose Tien would have gone charging out in that stupid way that night if I hadn't shocked him by telling him I was leaving."""
"Maybe you're right, but keep your big mouth shut and don't give him too many opportunities."
Women will do anything to get their way.
He fucking threatened me.
"Damn it, do you want a dollar or not?"
You really are a disappointment Hauser.
Please don't make me stay he with a boner.
"Not just American soldiers, but Iraqis and Afghanis who never did a damn thing."
Put a shot across his bow.
I'll get eaten alive in this town.
'The weather boys in Bangor say this shit is moving out fast.
You figure out what the goddamn thing is.
Fuck it.
What the hell was that thing?
I was having sex with a pharmacist.
Or freezing to death.
Haplo shifted his gaze meaningfully to the elf's groin.
"Damn but I wish I'd fast-penta'd Madame Radovas when I had the chance."""
He goes to bed early for this shit!
A useless end.
Speak of devil!
I believe he did something so horrible to you that it made you want to die.
Hired killers did it.
The fall time in pressure on opening the end cock should not be longer than that for an equivalent pipe of the same nominal diameter.
Garfield killed Benny. -You're crazy!
She's only fucking one of them.
"Family, man. Damn!"
You'll get pussy when you get there.
"The rest of you, get your asses ready."
"My beloved family, they beheaded me, their beloved Queen."
I'm shitting 3-4 times a day.
'You're a criminal?' said Teppic.
"I know it sounds stupid to even say it out loud, but we're soulmates."
The rabbit got angry and hit me in the leg with the end of his gun.
It's like fucking a meat cave.
Any man playing grab-ass or fighting in the building spends a night in the box.
You brought shit into my house!
You saved me from some shit you got me into.
"Suck my balls, Kyle !"
The virgin and the skank.
"Hell, I'd like to see you try to run again."
I could give her part of my liver.
"What the hell's wrong with you, Hank?"""
"Like for instance, if you have a mother-in-law... ...who figures she can stay over withyou whenever she damn pleases!"
"I didn't wanna look like a schmuck, so I told him I had an agent."
"You're a very nice guy, a very nice killer."
Don't play stupid with me.
"Punch ""her"" in the mouth?"
500. Fat fucking G's.
How many times have you had sex?
"When your name is called, get your ass on the truck."
Put me down! ...to die for!
I told that kraut a fuckin' thousand times
"'She's in deep shit,' Jonesy says."
"Well, no one else in this market's had the balls to commit suicide."
Or until this lady shoots us.
Because there is a damn big spacecraft out there.”
"And when you're gone... ...I'll destroy everything, you ever loved. No evil shall escape my sight..."
"They close one more factory, we should take a sledge to one of their fancy, fucking foreign cars."
I'm glad that we didn't go fucking roller skating.
I cannot talk about my mother and sex with you.
"And they're gross. It basically tastes like a fart of itself, but it's better than the cocaine donuts and whipped cocaine she was eating."
Why the hell would a kid want to kill Jocke?
"And the fact was, Wanless was getting to be an embarrassment."
"then I said, ""Are you an angel?"" American dogs are so gullible."
"Ulcers, Christ, they're killing me."
"Well, that's just silly."
"Damn thing had video, night vision- you name it."
I'm crazy but I ain't no fool.
I'm hideous.
"I bump into some guy from Camden who says he knows me, but I'm sure that he's a fag, so I lose him."
Shut your mouth!
"The itching in his leg had largely stopped, but his tongue tasted like an old piece of shag rug."
"No, something-- - Bullshit:"
"If this bomb explodes, it will wipe out most of Europe."
"You have a red mouth, Marie... ...and not a blister on it."
I've always thought about murdering you in your sleep.
You're risking your neck for a guy who'd chop you off at the heels for two bits.
Damn this war!
"I'd think that you're a cinematic idiot, and I'd feel sorry foryou."
I meant being a bitch last night.
"No, what's the point of any of this, of playing house, of... of drinking beers, of joining Costco if you're just gonna kill all our friends?"
The fuckin' brats.
"If a fool step to us, we gonna do what we got to do."
Just tell me where the fuck to go.
"I mean, if you wanna choose words, let's just call it not fucking."
"Hit that bloody gun, and you'il spray the virus all over the place!"
The ass has stuffed you with money
"Shit, man! What, did you alienate every other person in your life and then finally you came back to me in the rotation?"
"Stop her staring at me, shut her up..."
Have you lost your mind?
Uh... - Are you the lesbian?
The goddamned parts don't fit together!
And Keegan is a felon.
You took this because you were a loser in college while Shake was being a superstar.
"I felt like shit, I swear."
What's the most useless thing on a woman?
Give me a fucking name!
I learned to hit him back.
Lance could live with his backwoods Daisy Mae in a tent or a trailer or a goddamned cowbarn.
What the hell?
"""That is my job, Comrade Engineer, and I had my own ass to save, remember? This will never happen again."
Where's fucking Meredith?
"It was part of the mythology of both races, a rallying cry, the ancestral reason why you couldn't trust those short, bearded/big, rocky bastards."
Why are her clothes and shit still here?
"Al, I think about the son of a bitch who took my kid and swear to God I want to kill him."
"Then, like, everyone just started fucking crying, man."
I think it's time we got the fuck out of here.
Where's my fucking ad?
"I thought of Mrs Vandame, her husband's gifts... It's dumb, but that did it."
She knows all that shit.
"""'and a black mamba can kill you. But only with the mamba, ""and this has been true in Africa since the dawn of time, is death sure.'"
"Bloody hell, Anna-Maria, I should have had them dragged out of bed first thing this morning.”"
Go to fucking sleep.
You could kill someone...
This is bullshit! I'm not serving in the goddamn national defense!
"That was ridiculous, of course."
"Hey, oh, can I talk to you about gay marriage for a sec?"
"When they decided to kill Gabe, they decided I was ready."
Lying on the couch like some dreary nitwit telling all.
"The best goddarn, cotton-pickin', rootin'-tootin' country in the world."
"Uh, well, he must be fucking drunk because I don't cook no fucking breakfast."
You made it sound as if I was recruiting her for her skills as a thief.
I'm gonna give each and every one ot you a rod.
"Shut up, everybody."
"Why must we sit here rotting, waiting till the lunatic... does it again?"
"Juan Ruiz, whoever the hell this is."
You think him ignorant and prejudiced?
"Bear the name in mind, Vagrian, for it will be the death of you.'"
Look at the outside of this building. It is ugly.
"Crazy. May I remind you, it was your idea to come here."
You reckon he's some kind of midget?
"What the hell, man?"
"Peter, would you get in the damn bed?"
"No fucking bets, Terence."
There's nothing like a death threat from an ex-girlfriend to get your dander up.
He's retro'd the entire damned hull into a repeated necessary to stabilize a wormhole.
How the hell are they getting past us?
"Don't try to cheat or betray them, the dusty, bloody ball announced from its gaping mouth, or you and I'll be brothers."
I did not want to have sex with you solely for the purpose of repopulation.
And it stinks in here.
My crap hole!
"Bloody hell, are you all right?"
"'He's as good as dead, Stragen.'"
"""Shut up and ride!"""
I'm a liar.
Hey what the hell is Danger looking at?
"Wow, you eat pussy just like a girl!"
We're all virgins here.
I just threw up a little bit in my pussy.
"Not because she was one, but because she hated mormons,"
"What is that guy, crazy?"
"I'm guessing you had a vain, selfish, and controlling mother, and you found the strength to pull away."
"Yo, Tone, what up, nigga?"
He could be anywhere in this damn country.
Some gross guy just brushed up against my rack and then apologized.
"Because of the tits, right?"
My father was crazy.
"Yeah, but I-I'm the one that's still got to live with all that shit."
Want to play the bitches?
"But what I didn't warn you about—because I hadn't fully considered it myself—was that as an example of what women can and should aspire to, you'd also become the target of every idiot who insists women can't be such things."
Are the firemen gonna come and put out the rape?!
You know what? Go ahead and Taser me all you want.
"""Buy your own, you cheap bastard."""
Asshole.
The Hypocritic Oath!
"To Cuba, where Carlos saved a misfit like himself from execution."
"Foreman, we're gonna draw blood."
I've been running around this stupid square for over an hour... because the plan was to drop this CD at 9:00.
That it was like self-defense or some shit.
"You come sniffing around here looking for trouble, like a mad dog!"
"Before the Stevensons moved here, they lived where the Miller family murders happened. Holy shit!"
"No stupid jokes, but I thought that was for the actual wedding."
"It was the same as regular cribbage, except they let Duddits peg."
"And you knew you couldn't be found with a crying, bleeding prisoner in your car, so you kicked her to the curb."
You're that gaunt.
None of this pussycat nonsense?
I talked to 183 goddamned club members about that knife.
Councillor Drugget's come back and he's dead mad!
Look at the evidence in front of you. Stop behaving like you're his bloody solicitor.
Why do the Deceptions always get the good shit?
"Fucking Lance Armstrong, he keeps getting it. - Yeah."
"You are not going to fall, dummy!"
Slave of the college brothel over by three bells.
And this schmuck is gambling?
"I'm a black Jew, I can't read and I'm halfdrunk."
Gaylor and Avery kept getting more and more psycho on me.
"One as might die in childbirth more likely than us lucky others... but so sponged down in your disapproval... when she was kicking the fucking dope, she's afraid now to seek your care."
Loser buys dinner. Perfect.
This sucks. I don't understand why Jen's freaking out.
"Adebisi singing, snorting, sucking."
"Mike, open the damn door now."
Gross. Thought we talked about this.
"God, it fucking hurts."
He took a bullet to the spleen. - (SIGHS)
"""Oh, Simon, what a fool I am."
Bloody hell.
"We want the goddamn car, right now."
Those monsters'll kill her !
You need to block him out of your mind.
"""Fuck you!"" she said."
"Some of the more streetwise in the crowd shuffled away from the stranger, because luck like that can be very unlucky in Cripple Wa's floating crap game."
"Jose-Antonio Alvez will offer a punch to the King Moini Loungga."""
"You know, my wife-- I always thought she was this royal bitch, but yeah, what if it's me all along?"
Guerrillas kill the military.
Two men came to kill him.
and you're taking with both fucking hands off of me and off of him!
You'll jeopardise the tourist trade if you go around killing people.
Stop doing silly things.
"She's the spitting image of your wife, you know."
"Tell him to stop calling me, for crap's sake."
You're the worst animal in the whole family
This place is horrible.
"Are you saying that someone could become so buff... that he could score like, all the world's ass... and thus creating massive global inbreeding... ultimately bring population growth to a standstill?"
"If I don't drink while I'm working, I'll fuckin' kill myself."
God has your head. The devil has your balls.
Just put me in a room with the guy who really killed her.
Unless they cut open the queen's belly to release it.
If only from my wretched mother.
"Damn right, $15."
I hate those hocus-pocus bitches!
"I mean, we are just miserable slaves to nature."
Pull your shit together.
I think the bastard left the country.
"But if you speak to anyone, if you ask for help, or do anything stupid, I'll make a call."
"If the girl was lunatic enough to sneak out of the house without a word and go running naked through the streets, she may have had her father's scalp in her hand."""
"That woman's drain is always clogged, isn't it?"
It's a suicide mission.
"You had us worried, you ass!"
Your poetry is sour and your music is worse.
That animal of hers nearly tore his arm om.
GARY SONEJI hurried like a truly horrifying city rat through the low dark tunnels that wind like intestines beneath New York’s Bellevue Hospital.
"Yeah, but at least we can make fun of these dorks all night long, right?"
"Go ahead, Brick. Hit her with some Spanish."
You first! - Murderer!
Would you care if I were ugly?
You going to keep up this inane questioning for much longer?
"Mr. Shannon, cut him loose."
Just punched out. Just two guys hanging.
"Excuse me, but who gives a shit about diplomacy right now?"
I don't want to be up all goddamn night.
I sound like a sensible fucking man.
"Otherwise, we'll all die!"
Fuck. I'm right down the street!
"You know, you and me, we're badasses."
"I mean, you're like all the other spoiled jerks I've ever known in my whole life!"
To negroes?
"Like eh.. that putrid, kinda like your sweater."
"Didn't anyone tell you and Mom that only children are emotional retards... spoilt, too trusting and unequipped to cope?"
"You're a bully, and bullies, they don't back down until they run into someone stronger and meaner."
Doesn't she have any friends who can tell her she looks like trash?
Jackpot This place is a freaking cat factory.
"""Watch your shit""?"
Men and women to have swelling of breasts and unexpectedly produce breast milk.
"This year, I'm gonna take a chunk out of your other leg."
"So, what he ended up making was so awful that it looked like he'd screwed a set of wheels onto a piece of dog crap."
Then I would choke on the fucking toilet paper.
If he falls he'll breaK every bone.
What did you sick sons-a-bitches do to me?
"He gets us all the good shit, man."
"Should we go ahead and put a good fuckin' hit of dope down him, Doc?"
Buy a boring book about Egypt from the guy that screwed Anna Scott.
"George, you seen all those demonstrators out front of the White House keeping my Lady Bird awake the whole damn night?"
She looks drugged.
Give me the goddamn car keys.
"Honey, having sex does not make you a man."
Get your gross toes off my bed.
I'm so inept at dancing.
We will rob him.
"You're just infected... a virus, a sexually transmitted disease."
Throw 'em out.
But before we do any of that shit... we gotta find a motherfucker in the know-- someone like the mayor of hollywood.
Trying to fuck with my head?
I Don't need To do a damn thing.
"If I kick a vig up to 'em, I disrespect you guys."
"""And don't you do anything stupid, or Leifhelm will regret it sooner that is, until he can't regret anything any longer."
"You're amazingly unpleasant, I'd even say. And forgive my frankness... but you're totally uninteresting."
"Oh, holy shit."
I was selfish and pigheaded.
"Listen to me, shitbrain."
"I'm reading ""Letters of a Portuguese Nun"", again, I know, it's silly."
"Perhaps, keeping you in this tower has left you ignorant."
"Most of the public believed him innocent, but many said Tocca was a jerk and well jailed."
And when you scream for help... you'il sound like a raccoon.
The radios were fucked up.
"If they wanna trap me, send me emails from a guy who saw me kill her."
I don't remember asking you a goddamn thing!
"You're gonna have to, because she's about to be your new freaking roomie."
"If I win, your wife gives me a blowjob."
Councilman Anslinger hired me to whack this real estate fat cat Stephen Cook. Ok.
"And, uh... damn."
The fat little Churchman shrugged.
"Hey, it's your shot."
"If it's cepacia,you'il have a heart attack."
We both know that your latin blood makes that impossible.
You ripped my fucking ear! -Du con.
"Just come with me, let's go check out the boys, and if you think they suck, you walk away."
"Oh, you lucky my momma told me don't hit bitches!"
You hit her across the face With your cane.
"Max said that it really screwed him up and knocked him on his ass, right?"
You send me over there just so I'll watch her die?
"Bad, bad, bad girl!"
That's a big fucking needle!
"Listen, me and my boys got some shit-kicking to do."
No more girls.
"Look, I hit you!"
"Eric, did you just take a crap on my desk?"
The one trying to kill me... ...is it Father?
"You know you're supposed to cock it first, right?"
That a fucking cat breaks all of its goddamned bones And has to be put in a cast? That's funny?
The Polish whore and the olives.
Wait just a goddamn minute! I want to see that ice.
"It is a foolish revenge, seeing that it is not the German who as a rule drinks it; the punishment falls upon some innocent travelling Englishman."
"Yeah, they are trashy."
"""I'll wash your back so you don't stab mine,"""
"Gut him, Lee."
"I had a girlfriend once, I smacked her and got all cool and shit."
"I'm going down there, and if I have to... I'll bring him back on a goddamn leash!"
"You see, our daft ancestors totally underestimated the keenness of you Yanks' mostly civilian force, and so failed to dispatch England's best soldiers."
What the hell is going on here?
"He's gonna get the money by enlisting in the fucking Army. $20,000 signing bonus, has to put off college for God knows how many years, but he's okay with that."
He fucking looked like Morris Chestnut.
You think your brother gives a shit about you?
I'll teach you to beat up yester-me!
"Bring them to me, I'll make them stand in a row and shit on them."
"My husband deserted me in 1969, here is a pair of his socks, tell me where he is so I can get child-support out of the bastard."
A yellow fucking sticky something?
I don't even know why I bought the damn place.
"You fucked it out of me, woman. Now you don't want to take responsibility?"
"""Did you know that Terran Construction's Chairman, that pompous ass Senator Collins, wanted to get the Gibraltar Bridge named after him?"""
That's fucking beautiful.
Then you wouldn't have released a world-destroying witch!
He should have shot.
"What, do you think I'm a fool?"
It is a parasitic growth that battens on the capitalist class.
"I'm filing that in the ""Who-gives-a-shit"" section of my memory warehouse."
"And if you think when there's treason all about I'm going to disarm a StateSec capital ship, you're out of your fucking mind!"
Move this motherfucker! ...a free economy cannot cope with inflation.
We were going to kill Fistandantilus only we discovered it was Raistlin so we didn't.
"Who is she gonna believe, man, her loser of an ex-boyfriend or the guy that just bought her a wall-sized Thomas kinkade, the painter of light?"
We might dynamite it.
"Then he found where we had hidden her and came again, killing her guardians."
"""The message from Father said he'd heard that Yabu's going to order him to shave his head and become a priest, or slit his belly open."
Is there some special school where you people learn to talk that bollocks?
come on. this is my shot.
But I don't know who these maniacs are... and where they come from.
I know more about women in my little finger Than you know in your -- shh!
Donna showed her ass!
Now fucking Murrayturned me in... so Sweeney's making me write another one.
"You liar, why're you bothering Brother Ip?"
It was a stupid riskand you shouldn't have done it.
Get the fuck out of here!
"Oh, I'm no speedy ass, son."
"If Cleon is killed, then the matter of the succession comes up and, to avoid civil war, the Imperial Guard will at once kill every member of the Wyan Mayoral family they can find-you first of all."
"If you lie or answer confusingly, I'll zap you."
"I'm tired, I'm out of cigarettes, and I'm not gonna be hauling my ass all over Miami looking for you anymore."
Try not to wipe it off on the couch when you're done jerking off to yourself!
We'll wait for their call. Damn it!
And damned cold.
How quickly you forget it was me and my crew... ...that pulled the 2nd Mass' ass out of hell in Fitchburg.
He'smentally and physically inferior.
Poor bastard?
Or have you forgotten that our paranoid brother Kol is running around with a white oak stake and homicide on the brain?
He washaving sex with a kid in his car.
You've got some kind of disease that turns people into miserable bastards.
A little white motherfuckin' Honda Civic!
"God, it's like living with a car alarm that shits. Whoa."
Fuck Christmas.
Is it true? The Germans wanna kill us?
"You need to slay a shark, and I need to disappear."
"What, your dick?"
Come back here and arrest this goon!
"You know,it is the damndest thing."
We have a damn lucky.
"Don't call me again, you jackass."
"Uh, he's not a nice guy, and I don't recommend you screwing with him."
These crimes are so vile that even their perpetrator is struck dumb when given a chance to speak.
Tell Schultz all persecution of the Jews must cease.
"She's always got things around to eat... like nuts, come crackers and shit..."
"Caesar says, ""Cut them off!"""
Cookie doesn't get everything handed to him on a fucking silver platter like Elmo.
"Also, I'm super pissed because my friends made me fat."
"I'm working 60 hours a week, at this shithole and you know full well my mom's still in the hospital."
And she's not going to miss you if you're squatting in her living room with those sad-ass petunias.
"Probably not much different from Krause: a selfish, greedy man whose attempt to protect his own wallet had gotten out of control."
Holy shit.
"And 11 saturdays from now, I can zap all that knuckle hair off for you."
That's a damn shame.
"""The Africans must never go free."
"Taking my money? I'm here breaking my ass, not them."
"Shut the fuck up about that, Audrey!"
'Cause Mr. Dante's never seen a donkey show. And it'd be nice to give him this before he goes off... ...to Florida and gets married and does all those other things... ...that prevent a guy from ever seeing... ...a fucked-up donkey show in his lifetime.
"Axl, stop screwing around!"
Either that or the ginger midget wore the same Parisian perfume.
Hit me over the head.
"Oh, shit. Come on."
That man gossips like a little schoolgirl.
I think your hair might be infected.
"Reporters have impersonated coal miners, school teachers, hoodlums."
VIRGIL: Dick?
The garbage man is 55.
"Damn, who told you to hit me like that?"
What the fuck is wrong with me? No.
I am so gonna patent this shit.
You? Fight me? You insect!
Tell your little freeloader friends to slow the fuck down then dude.
Fucking crying in there.
I'm surprised that my son didn't smell... ...the stench of povertyand failure on you.
Don't fuck around like your mama.
Or maybe I don't want to get my ass kicked - or invite the guys over.
I banged my head.
"May I point out, Captain-- Kill him!"
That guy's a freakin' teleporter.
There’s never a beer in the goddamn fridge.
You just wanna bite that shit.
You better fucking say it back.
Queens.
Daniel was a piece of shit.
I am not a fucking doctor.
You got shit on your face.
"Cup of tea, you cheeky monkey?"
"Like, literally... ...fucking anything."
"Shit! Dax, find the phone."
And that stuck-up...bitch of a sister?
"""A badlands grub she will die if disturbed"""
Twenty-five years I worked that sucker.
You're not dealing with some second-rate hell-spawn.
"Enjoy your shower, smart ass?"
Your chances are done.You're a dead man.
Give a lunatic a paintball gun and you'd expect a Jackson Pollock.
When are you gonna stop being a goddamn slave and grow up ?
"He is one of the most dangerous men in England--a ruined gambler, an absolutely desperate villain, a man without heart or conscience."
"Don't be a fool again, Burton."
This is just the fucking beginning.
If I put on a few pounds... ...will you be able to stifle your vomit long enough to have sex with me?!
"Dad, if you were me, you will allow that? Shut up!"
But you don't fuckin' understand!
"We say: ""No more, devil."
These fucking things are good.
"""That ain't Chanel Number Five I smell comin from the direction of your butt, is it?"""
'Yes just try and smash one!'
"""He who has won suck a love must be a happy man."""
And you said that my brother was a fag.
Evelyn's gay son and his boyfriend.
"You know, I spent three years trying to break my ass out of intel, then I finally get my Goddamned regiment, and this happens."
Suicide was the verdict.
She is the wife of a teer.
You have murder in your heart.
Hatch closure... ...in five seconds. - Shit.
"I never expected her to turn into a permanent fixture at Saganami, but she has, and now I can't justify removing the damned 'Salamander' from the faculty without opening a tremendous can of worms."""
"Come on, burn!"
"Your closest associate had $10,000 in his possession before he died-- in fucking drag."
Memorize and destroy them.
"Mister, I don't know what in the hell you're talking about."
I wonder what's in this sucker.
Get a fucking thesaurus if you need it better explained to you.
Do you think I've eaten that dick?
I can't even imagine how bad that shit must sting.
"Well, we ain't got no, uh- What you call that shit?"
Sir Ramayana Musketeer will have to hang his head in shame
"Because you can't resign while this country is being brought to the brink of a nuclear holocaust by a weak, misguided President."
Explain it to your wife and kids when the SWAT team bangs down your door and drags you out of your fucking house tonight.
I'm not out raping barmaids.
And our men put him bare-ass on an ant hill!
"Well, at least we wouldn't be out in the fucking open like this."
"They were all there. The snooty, snotty, Toity, hoity, farty, arty,"
Maybe that damn railroad!
"Is your God so flimsy, so weak ?"
Doctor? - Shut them off!
Eight stupid times.
One small kiss before she dies.
"We train young men to drop fire on people... but their commanders... won't allow them to write ""fuck""... on their aeroplanes because... it's obscene."
"The colonel, that nagging spinster, says I'm a fool to waste time with you."
"We can set her up in a motel, hang pictures of Jesus over the room, then turn these fucking pigs loose on her."
I was stupid!
The rescue team is on its way with guns and shit.
A little sneak thief named skinny.
We thought you'd bloody murdered her.
I'm not telling you shite till I see Kira.
"""He's real sick, your brother,"" she said in a soft voice."
"I don't want to hear about your fucking infidelity, don't you get it?!"
"If bullshit were music, you'd be a big brass band"
"Goddamn. I was worried you joined a cult or something, man."
"God Hermione, why do you have to be such a buzzkill?"
What I might fuck up is his girlfriend.
All of which make the X3 look like a village idiot in a family of geniuses.
"Hippolyte, reflecting, rolled his stupid eyes."
But these goddamn screwheads... they terrify me.
You look like Justin Timberlake took a dump.
This woman is bewitched.
"""The day I move out of this goddamned museum and become a free man again,"" Ryan replied with a submissive nod."
You can't bullshit these people.
What thief! It's Bianca's friend.
"Skeet, with a brain so addled by drugs that he hadn’t been entirely programmable."
"Cara's been missing for 24 hours, and that lunatic already killed Lexi."
"""You would kill yourself."""
That damn bird must have radar in its brain.
Were all shapeshifters so damn literal?
I miss home so bad my heart's a fuckin' lump.
"But one day Rick whips it out and starts rubbin' it on her leg and shit, chasin' her around the living room; I was dyin'."
Now you've gotBeth killing people?
Show a little goddamn respect.
I don't give a damn if you vomit on your own time.
Too much woman.
I recommend you stay alive until the fucking clock counts down.
"Damn, I wasn't there for it."
Shoot. I was afraid this would happen.
We went to your place and fucked.
We're not gonna sit back and let the Japanese fuck us sideways.
What a racist!
"""What the fuck is going on over here ?"""
How ugly it is.
"She's a gold-diggingwench trying to hook her little claws into a resident surgeon... before he makes the bigbucks thatshe can laterget herhands on... in an ugly, ugly, ugly. divorce settlement... that her lawyer, who she's probably schtupping on the side, will handle."
Both men reeked of melange.
"Better that they fight and die here, the last man, woman and child of them, than that they be driven entirely from their homeland, outcasts in foreign lands, hunted like animals by their pursuers."
"""You are welcome to chop me up again, if it gives you pleasure."""
The butt...?
"I'm gonna throw a first-class party, and then your mother and Captain Fuckface can rent out a KFC in Petersburg."
And she left that to some damn cat sanctuary.
'Damn!' said Asmidir.
Now can I please do my job your behalf... and kill this tox report?
Yeah. You know what happens to motherfuckers carry knives?
You needed somebody to throw you under the bus.
"I'll give you the rest of the money if you drown her. Now, now."
"Damn it, you can't do this."
Look. He is the crazy man who painted our changing room gold.
"Push her belly, she'd piss all over herself."
This may relieve discomfort in the vagina.
"Hit me, and see what happens"
"Then he is a liar. For this commandment hath he given us, That he who loveth god"
"Take a bullet, push down, then pull back."
Lyndsey's ex-husband threatened to kill me.
"You're pretty fucked, aren't you, mate, and so's your bike."
"""Damned by his own tongue and his own wish."
"They were grotesque, every part of their bodies covered with blinking eyes."
Get the fuck against the wall.
"If anybody takes a hit, it's going to be you."
"So next time someone wants to take me out and have sex with me to win a belt, just tell me."
Don't fucking touch that.
I watched on the television... ... thinking I was goingto see my parents killed.
None of your damn business.
She was horrid unpleasant.
How the hell did we get ourselves into this?
"'This is daft!' shouted Glod, from the front."
"Don't be silly, that's at least an eight."
Whom you very mercifully wish could be put out of his misery.
I hate what you represent.
You didn't like being Hefty Hanna anymore than I liked being Loser Mona.
"Where have you been, you twat?"
"Only one, and it hurt like shit."
"Because they've fucked us from every angle... economically, psychologically, politically."
"You had to have a crypt anal a vault, otherwise the rest of vampire society would look down their teeth at you."
Forget that man.
Hold the fuck on.
You got your shit set?
"""I only asked if she was the Ingeles's doxie, by God, she being so free with washing him and sticking his privates into the cod."""
I don't give a shit about what you think!
"Hey bitches, that's enough!"
"Bitch, how long you been with Chris?"
That Romanov brat!
I bust my butt at work all day and all I ask for is a hot meal.
You're dealing with a crook. Behaving like a grade school student...
Lying motherfucker.
Now you have one less bitch asking you questions.
Let's go get drunk and puke on cars from the overpass.
"And this is how, the story of these crazy women ends."
"I called this meeting because, as all you drivers know, the Nurburgring is the most stupid, barbaric, outdated and dangerous track in the world."
I want him fucking arrested.
"You know, ..it's the only time when a black man can wave a stick at a white man ..and not start a riot."
They held you down and sucked your dick.
Mother Russia and Motherfucker both on the same team?
"Officer, I killed those people last night."
"Don't fuck with me! 15,000?"
"Look, get your ass to the bunker alone."
Money's for One-niner shit only.
"God, no, it smells like... Like a used diaper filled with Indian food."
We should put him out of his misery.
"You fucking got to spoil everything, don't you?"
How in hell did you get in here?
"Fine, go aheadand let your wretched family starve."
What happened today was just to kill terrorists?
"No, it doesn't suck."
"That night at dinner, when you sat on that ridiculous pine cone."
And to the Peaky fucking Blinders.
"I'm going to twist your back like mine, so you'il never get out of bed again!"
I can't believe you still wear that same stupid hat.
"The TV was on, tuned to an afternoon soap opera where two beautiful young people looked on the verge of having deeply unsafe sex."
I want to fight him.
"Now why would you need to ruin the mood with that filthy, filthy word?"
"No, she's dirty."
We can use Cartman's pig.
Within seconds... ...the most powerful men in the world will be choking on death.
They fucking know everything!
"Hey, hell, he was in town 20 minutes, he killed one of them."
"Mr Ransom, you sure are a darlin' man!"
Use your own fucking faculties.
Get the fuck down!
Bunch of crap.
What do you want me to do... kill him?
Who the hell are they?
Why ? Why is this crazy ?
He'd beat me senseless if he knew I got you mixed up in all this.
My fucking wig.
"No, you stink!"
Shut up.
Killing civilians.
"Cholesterol didn't have anything to do with his death, but after being let go from Mercy, and then that thing with Thirteen's drug trial, Foreman's paranoid about people questioning the way he handled the case. Well, that's ridiculous."
You've got to be shitting me!
Don't think you can fucking... grab me.
What the hell's she doing with Jake?
Shut up a minute!
"Bridge, you looked so fucking thin!"
You get any of that in the trash can?
"You deserve it, unless 'A' 'asshole' means. For if you have played."
He's 40 years old and doesn't have a tooth in his head - that's his fuckin' own.
I want Sahro taken alive!
"And there are so many to choose from-- too competitive, prone to jealousy, bit of a killjoy, your shame cigarettes."
Asking me what's in the shadow of the damn statue Doesn't mean you're in charge.
"God, you're, you're more naïve - than I thought, aren't ya?"
"No, the man is a mess!"
"He was a fat, ill-tempered beast, but I adored him."""
You think they'll kill sonya and aiden?
"Well, shit, I sure hope it's not too persuasive."
You bled us dry. Now it's your turn to bleed.
She's got a serious case of pregnancy brain.
Shut Down
And a lot of people are gonna die.
She's biting my leg off !
"Kim fires and connects knocking Out the fourth target for the Women! ah,crap."
And after a hard day's battle he could get home and change from blow to suck.
"Hey! And ""Oh, my God, she snowboards,"" is not gonna make you bored as shit one day, then you are fucking wrong!"
"This'll be two days out, kill a few horrible beasts, two days back."
"""Cervelet"" is a little brain."
Maybe you can't stand... ...that your formerly fat friend is getting married first.
He was so panicked... ...we had to shoot him from the back.
"Oh, hell with it."
It's antibiotics you asshole.
This is not crap.
The white devilgod did not get him.
"Athena will be there, ready to shoot."
"They'd kill me if they found out I was running product for someone else... found out you heard about me, a loose end."
Doesn't take much to get people acting like savages.
It's some dickhead they couldn't give a fuck about... with smoke in his chest and his mouth shut.
I indicted this piece-of-shit case... because you swore to me we had an eyeball witness...
You're an alien... and I'm talking to you... in my kitchen!
Bring her ass in.
What are you doin' with your cumma?
"I belong here with you, not down south in that rats' nest they call a capital."
Just stay the hell off my bridge.
How would he kill Joe?
Dropped a bunch of bread off for us to watch the gate at the construction site while a bunch of white boys went in there and robbed the place.
Why not try to make a fool of me?
"This creature, whatever it was, had tricked its way into him—Open your head and heart, it had said, and he'd done just that, fool that he was: opened himself up to its possession—and now he had to find some way to be rid of it."
I've shot you before. I will do it again.
Who's to say scotty didn't go back that night and kill the guy?
So there'll be one more crooked sheriff in the world.
You want to cut my head open?
"For God's sakes, Sheldon, you are driving me crazy."
You're such a smartass! Friends only when it suits.
Who did this shit to you?
"If I don't smoke, I'll go fuckin'nuts."
Don't bullshit me saying 'I'm sorry'.
I can't get this frigging thing to work.
Your job is to steal my girlfriend?!
"Come on, they may think I'm a lot of shitty things..."
All they care about is what they have always cared about and that's controlling the whole damn world.
"He can't even cook for his own damn self, how he's gonna cook for two boys ?"
"What the hell is this, Ken?"
"Look, before you beat me silly, let me actu..."
I feel we should shoot Benny with a hand-held camera and not a Steadicam.
I never wanna see you again.
Got caught with five kilos of their own shit.
There was only blackness out there.
I been doing this 20 fucking years.
Who the fuck are you talkin' to like that?
Shut up.
"“You forgot your brains, too,” Bannerman said."
"Now, should you be so foolish as to attempt to slip in by a side entrance, a fire escape or through a skylight, you will be ejected by brute force."
"Hey, come on, no bullshit. Friends."
"And you join in, grab your little brother, sit on his head and fart."
Lynn. Get your ass over to those cowboys.
You lead a stranger to your place. Who the hell are you?
"Are you a bug, Bill Murray?"
"How the hell can you keep a conspiracy going... ...between the mob, CIA, FBl, Army intelligence and who knows what else... ...when you can't keep a secret in this room between 12 people?"
"'In the market there is the snake bitch, and the old thief selling bad gold chains from the north, and the wok man with his dirty fish and meat."
You gonna have cancer.
"Jason, get your ass in here!"
"On the right, draw your swords! Kill!"
Completely insane.
"Okay, I'm ready for my birthday spanking."
"I hear, ""JP should set his trainers on fire."""
"This dumb tree, he is my friend."
"""Any more out of you and I'll spank you!"""
"She's gonna get married and stab her husband one day, but that's beside the point."
Just shut up! It isn't what you think.
Damn! I forgot to buy the groceries.
Say one nigger that just pops up in ten thousand.
"I don't know if Yonnel is Jewish, or half-Jewish... but I know he should have run away... far away from these maniacs."
Why would it be yours if she fucks everybody?
"Make fun of me all you want for being a virgin, okay, but at least you'll never hear me say,"
And you put a gun in mr. White's face!
"Slaves will never be entirely loyal to us, no matter how many generations they have served."
Like you never fucked a robot!
"""She's going to put a torpedo into us even before this blasted hull collapses in on itself,"" Brim muttered through clenched teeth."
I'll get you some food and fags.
"Now that you shine your light towards another man, - I will take my own life."
Probably some kind of crook.
Brush you to death?
"So you're saying I've always been this bastard, but it's all right because it comes natural to me?"
"Joke all you want, smartass."
You're a lady-killer.
"You can have all the fucking lawyers you like, but it's not gonna change a thing."
"Well, I hope it's not about that silly mba business."
"Now, I'm sorry, but you need to get the fuck out of here now."
"Ah, result of some late-night sex play with the live-in?"
Maybe that's why I saved your ass.
I didn't actually kill him or have him killed.
You should be in a fucking medical journal.
"Sorry, Jack. She in heaven now. Damn!"
But I'm only a monstrous doll.
"Jesus Christ, just put it through his eyeball here."
"I think that we can agree that jumping in cars with random scumbags just ain't safe, right?"
"As long as it takes. now, shut up."
Sorry for kicking you.
"It's pretty fucking obvious now, ain't it?"
"Edie,we cannot have sex in here."
God damn her to He - The universe turned to noise and flame and went out.
"Yep, me and my chronic relapse bullshit."
"""Hey Rusty, your dad's nuts about the queen."""
And I am Skilgannon the Damned.’
"Don't send any more transfer requests. Useless. Any request that comes from you,"
We heard the N.V.A. Executed a lot of gook civilians.
Why are you protecting this chump?
I done lost all my damn money.
Give me that goddamn phone.
Ari fucked up because he shouldn't have told me we had a deal when we didn't.
I'm just mad 'cause I suck.
I thought I had to blow you.
You porkers. You know what the future holds for you?
"I don't care how much of an asshole you are to me, I'm getting it said right now."
"In fact, she insisted that all male Confessor babies be killed because they lacked the compassion necessary to control their powers."
"He's one sick kid, you got that?"
Who watches this filth?
"All right. Don't you have keys, damn it?"
...and I'm fucking choking on it.
"The Pi Sigs are doing their ""Sex Quest"" again."
"That Himmler, such a pompous buffoon."
It sounds a little silly when you say it out loud.
Damn it! You're strong.
That gives you 28 minutes to get your shit together.
I am banished from all vampires under penalty of death.
"I'm sorry, guys, but I just can't with the fucking hemp milk and the organic farming."
"That's very nice, uh... ...but who the hell are the Vangors... ...and why the hell should I givea rat's ass about their family crest?"
But you... you painted a goddamn Rivera mural.
5000 dirty limericks.
'Cause being pregnant makes me pee like Seabiscuit.
Sentenced to death.
"I'm sorry, sir, but dad always said I had a memory like a sieve. Don't sigh, you git."
I could phaser you out.
And the bomb will explode.
So if sing I ordered 5 pieces on that damn delivery and I only got 4
"Hmm? Now remember, it's called a car, not a fanny."
And you only have to shoot what's being used.
You need two things to live in this business: your balls and your word.
We could find that shit ourselves.
I don't know any gay people.
"You know spies -- a bunch of bitchy little girls. ...Family, too... Hey, is that your mom again? ...If you're desperate. Someone needs your help, michael."
"If you're sure it's bullshit, why are you asking me?"
And then my boob popped out. Yes!
"Of you, of your selfishness, of your miserable ideals."
"Lord Jesus, watch over this child. - Oh, no! - Watch over my sister- - Fuck off."
"When you first introduced me to Nobu, I was such a fool to give him my attention."
"""You don't want to ride that damned bus."""
We gotta kill some time.
"Christian women and children, starving."
Women hate that.
"Carpet's filth, especially for a germaphobe like you."
"Look, I told you, Kate and I is none of your fucking business."
"Fuck you, is what you were invited to."
"I don't want to fucking do it, okay?"
You look fat and sassy.
Seeing a naked old man won't kill me.
"They followed me as war duke, but others were jealous of my influence-Lot, damn him, was the worst."
"You're stupid. Man, I've been gone all summer... and I get back, and everything is just the same."
"If I was you, I would've drowned-ed his ass... in the creek and shit."
"In fact, it is foolish ... ... But do not want to be a cellist after all."
I only meant to slap you twice.
I'm just gonna go kill myself.
That rehab shit?
"Suck and Blow is a game, Elton."
I will see if he wants this thing killed or not.
The city you blasted with your filthy sorcery.
There's a damn good chance I might not have to make the climb.
DEATH TO WOMEN LIKE HER
"With all his debts to the Russian mob and the security firm, I wouldn't be surprised if he already spent more than it's worth. Shut up."
I'm coming! Goddamn it!
What kind of crazy ya have to be to do that?
"""Go away you liar' I'm not taken in"""
Someone's killing these people off?
We need to cut you open and biopsy.
And he hated the village and all of the villagers and he wanted to see them destroyed.
And Slick is the biggest jerk-off.
"I mean, what use would it be to a decrepit old sack of filth like you?"
"""That bloody al-Hassan and his troops could show up here any second."
We'il be dead in three days anyway.
Black cats and goblins and broomsticks and ghosts.
"No, Nokes. You fuck with me."
What an oddball he is!
"Mildred had let us know that her childhood had been unhappy, but that was a long way from saying that she, which meant my wife and kids, too, was from a notorious family of loonies there."
I'm the reason he's dead.
Fucking cold.
The decks look like a Singapore junk.
"I love big, fat-ass banks."
"""Don't believe everything the Father of Lies tells you, you credulous slut,"" Satan said."
You're just gonna let me hump you?
"Here, I want you to take this crowbar and... just bash my head right in."
Should have gone with rabid dog.
"Ox, you got to tell us how to get to Akator or they're gonna kill Marion."
What the hell are you talking about?
"Dude, you want insane?"
He's a criminal the likes of which you've never seen.
"Good enough for killing sheep, if the sheep don't fight back."
"While I'm working my ass off in New York, you start some kind of relationship with the most annoying woman on the planet, who also happens to be the mother of Becca's best friend and your boss!"
Morzini was a sick man.
He was a fucking mess after your visit.
Butjust to let you know the mother that raised you out of your fuckin diaper is here in the hospital!
Eight months I've been living out a crap shack.
The brute!
"You fell out of the tall tower, you creep!"
"Stop being a disgrace to all reporters, and just get lost."
"You're naked without us, sir."
You stay the fuck away from my girls.
"""Shit on a stick,"" grumbled the priest."
And I got you on a wire for murder!
"Robin, listen, I got an ear for bullshit, honey, all right?"
"Oh, shit, that hurts, huh?"
Plus all the cute black guys are gone.
"If I don't, are you gonna punch me?"
"But this charlatan was useful to me in life, and may one day be useful to me in death."
"Well, it's fast enough to kill you, but it's slow enough to make you think you're safe."
"On the other hand, Niels, who was at Escobar, said he was the most cold-blooded bastard he'd ever met."""
"'We figured you was walking blind and dumb, boy."
I can't tell whether he's brilliant or... nuts.
Henry: Lucky bastard.
I'm going to rip that dress off you every evening.
I fucking told you to get up!
"He pretended to shoot a pedestrian with his index finger extended from his hand, sighting down his knuckle."
"She's three years old and you've already got her with three kids of her own, two with ringworm and one retarded."
"I'm just a little boy on a goddamn rocking horse, that's all!"
"Next thing you know, end of the night, he's passed out on the fucking floor in the kitchen, pot on his head, pork dripping all over..."
"Besides, I think I could lick you anyway."
"So, what the fuck, man?"
Is she a piece of trash?
"Peter, these lyrics are filthy."
I don't understand how you visit every stupid battlefield in the US but you can't manage to visit your daughter.
"I can't believe they put both of you in with just a bunch of filthy, lowlife criminals."
He's gotta know why. You think a fuckin' guy like that ever will?
"He was with her in three strides, a hail of crap flying past him (the step which he'd just crossed), and seized her hand."
But your soul is still corrupt.
Don't fuck with me!
"Once upon a time, There's this cat-- Vinnie fucking Parker, right?"
"Pick that shit up, too."
"Yeah, go on, fuck off."
That pervert just likes to play alone
Don't you ever fucking say that about me!
Maria and I had sex.
He can't give now when everyone is wearing rubber on their dicks.
His face was dirty.
Can you punch him one more time?
"Man: They fuckin' hate me, Steve."
It is high time we kick them out.
Damn cable company wanted to charge me an extra 4 bucks a month for HD.
What's the bitch's name?
I want you inside me.
Will he ever have sex with me if I wake up?
Your family is more screwed up than mine.
"Milk her, and then get her out of here and lock her up."
Perhaps you would like me to stop the car... ...and you two can fuck yourselves to Lutsk!
"That'il be between you, me and all the gay men of Cyprus."
"You sue me, your husband dies, you drop the lawsuit like a hot potato."
It's the easiest damned thing in the world. Just slit this on back here. Pull this on back.
Get your fucking hands up right now!
We will hang the profiteers!
"While the lady was traveling with you, her husband the sheriff was pickling his prick in the cunt brine of another."
"Goddamn, that's a delicious baozi."
Get the hell outta here!
"Bloody everybody’ll be after her, soon."
He hits everybody.
"Can't have a bunch of old, pregnant bitches running around."
He's a Nazi! Don't beg a Nazi!
Your mother... sh... she's dead.
"Every email that's ever gone to Bryan, Pull 'em all up and fucking send them back to him!"
Bloody hell.
"Come on, hit me!"
Single gunshot to the head through and through.
"She treated you like crap, you got paid next to nothing, and she took all the credit."
This sucks.
"Bloody-handed savages, he had heard one of the regul younglings call him in the town."
"""Very... fresh... scat."""
"Butters, did you get gay with one of your schoolmates tonight?"
Dirty cops are one of Dolph's least favorite things.
The local dick already stopped me twice.
Get in the fucking car.
"He leads eight hundred wretched humans, former slaves of Verminaard's in Pax Tharkas."
"Do you realise, you stupid old man, that you'd have died in the Cave of Skulls"
Areyou telling me that the only reason why you don't steal and rape and murder is that you're frightened of God?
Another black one.
He found me and he told me about your land. You're just a fraud.
God hates us all.
You're a very odd man.
"HYDE: Shut up, Ma, you're making the night too damn special."
"I'm sorry, I'm just not a fan of fat people singing in a foreign language for two and a half hours."
"You bitches got to act like ladies, but you don't know how."
"May she never, never die.'"
He didn't really appreciate Hitler calling the Italians a mongrel race.
You can't yet beat your dead.
"Stan, what the hell is wrong with you?"
Fix that shit now!
"So many kids, man, smoking shit, doing nothing."
"All the scum I put down, surfaced to pay me back."
You turn around and I'll blow you to hell.
"Well, Emily won't exactly let me have the sex talk with her."
Pay no heed to these robber knights.
But you are even crazier if youthink you'il get out of here without me!
If you wanted to fuck me...
He's gotta kiss her.
"Get rid of these men, these witnesses."
Scumbags see the judge on Monday morning.
He was a beast.
And with it I will strike deep into the heart of the infidel.
Bell just killed the kid.
"The day you put your ass on the line, that's the day you'll be a real reporter."
"We take him to his car, tell him to get the fuck out of town or we're gonna kill him."
"Hey, Earlene.you still screwing my husband?"
When did you start giving a shit?
That kid is eventually gonna die.
Oh... Holy shit.
"I got the feeling she wasrt gonna believe anything I said, so I shut up."
"You're wasting your bullets, man!"
"No one likes a braggart, missy."
"Shut up, dude."
I want your blood.
"What the hell, what?"
"I don't want you or your monstrous ego back, Leto II."
So the midget says to the bartender:
What ****ing joke?
"""And then later, ""a fucking baby..."
"You can hit me back, if you want."
"François, shit, you frightened them."
He owns the finest damned yacht in the Indian Ocean.
"Just so you know, snogging a girl for an audience of men doesn't count."
"They just said that we have sex all the time, oh, unless I'm too drunk."
The killer put his hand over the mouth from behind.
"Someone up there thinks he's worth a damn, And now he's dying because of you."
What on earth is your problem?
"Sorry, but I would rather have rabid ferrets munch on me testicles."
You got to be shitting me.
Whatever the hell he said.
I want to be a beautiful corpse.
They'll just beat us up!
"That the boss might’ve fucked someone else up was exactly what he was afraid of, but he never would have said so out loud if she hadn’t raised the possibility first."
"Damn, my thumb!"
I could have you both locked away forever.
I know you were counting on semen.
You're a goddamn hero when it's five to one.
For a wretch like Salvatore?
"You see, there's defense, education, housing, health, social security, silly walks."
"You do have compession like a shredder. My only son is gay. can't you figure out, that I need someone to talk to?"
"And I don't give a fuck about your karate instructor, okay?"
"When I get out of here, you're dead."
Max just confirmed that she had sexual intercourse just prior to the murder.
"That's the fucking least of it. - You haven't heard about me, Lagrand."
"Of course we weren't - you were dancing with me, you big nut! ...the second and final danceof this competition, the quickstep!"
"It seemed a pretty good deal to the albatross and from this it can be deduced that these albatrosses are, if not completely pointless, at least rather dumb."
"Damn, what are they doing?"
I thought we were taking out the witches together.
"Elliot, stop fucking around."
"Christ help you, Riche, I have known you since you were a child, you were the despair of your family, you were a gambler and a waster."
"But you know, the thing is they say you got to keep coming back until you pay for all your shit."
Not as lame as you.
"I mean,what kind of loser would steal a guy's bike?"
And you need to start getting your shit together.
"You can't help us anymore, 'cause a bitch without money is just a bitch."
"Somehow, ""black"" is always equated with failure."
"Tomorrow when you say ""I do"" I'll die"
What the hell am I doing here?
"""How will the emperor know?"" asked the troll."
"Teppic brought his hand down as hard as he could on You Bastard's hide, raising a cloud of dust and deadening every nerve in his fingers."
You think I give a fiddler's fuck what anybody else says about me?
"He's gonna fuck her and leave, he doesn't even know her name."
"Listen, your money can't buy shit here, Sergeant."
"Right, like you were supposed to throw a knife into that Naomi chick's back?"
"Look, if you'd stay with the tour you'd distract me, that can't happen, plus it's very unprofessional to fuck the boss."
There's gonna be some bitches in there!
Next time it won't be so fuckin' easy.
You can put your black hair in my food.
What a screwed-up family.
"""and he saw this huge, wretched thing before him."
Lucas Herron was a very sick man.
"They were sitting in a car, black male walked up, said something... then just shot the guy ran away."
The Abbeville Inn is the Abbeville whorehouse.
"Well, if that's how you treat your poor old mother... in the autumn years of her life, all I can say is, go ahead, be crucified !"
"I'm sure mama saved it from easter, the stingy hag."
Sex is messy.
Today I took my first crap in two weeks - hallelujah.
"""You still think me the fool,"" the Baron said, ""and this but confirms it, eh?"
"Don't you fucking realize, man, that if Bonnie comes home... and finds a body in her house, I'm going to get divorced?"
"We have to post-blast assessment, see if it was a suicide bomber, and if so, how the fuck did he do it?"
Jesus fucking-- okay.
We gonna drown!
What the hell is that?
So would you all please fuck off?
And you done shit all over yourself in a movie theater... ...and she the only oneto help you clean it up.
TV is just a bunch of fakers.
"I'm done giving you shit, and I'm sorry."
I would butcher the whole world... ifyou would only have loved me!
You're shitin' up my country.
Go to his home and burn it.
"A woman is her hair, her nails lips for sucking or for bitching."
Put the bullet right through her head. Bang.
Ben: Damn. Sorry.
"Punch it, baby."
"""See what happens to crazies?"""
""". . . dicks?"" Cathy offered with a half giggle."
You don't fuckin' know what you're gonna need it for.
Mara's pregnant again. No shit.
Gimme a bottle of mineral water... ...or you don't get to suck the bones!
You must have been a horrid little boy.
You shut up!
"I mean, how often do old people just haul off... and fucking coldcock you like that?"
You make love to me whileyour accomplice steals my sceptre!
I am not having sex with her.
"Farther out, they were chewed by balls or smallshot."
"I'll say you were arrogant, banal... and in my opinion, simply not ready for a mature relationship."
His lawyers asked me to have a look at him because after his deeds were done... ...he climbed into the trees of the forest where he killed her... ...and howled like a dog.
You're the damn pilot!
"I just picked him up, and I offered him $20 for a blow job."
"I mean, Inez, when we had sex this afternoon, it was--"
It's a shame a dumb animal had to die so I could have revenge on my former captors.
"Bella, what the hell were you doing out in the woods?"
"Oh, honey... I am in no mood to have sex tonight."
What are you fuckin' talking about?
"Play dead, baby."
Flake shoots him/her in the face!
"Congratulations, your humiliation of this family is complete."
You motherfucker. You had our daughter lie to me?
"This whole stupid, tacdess, and probably politically harmful speech made Pavel Yosifovich shake with wrath, but, strange as it may seem, one could see by the eyes of the crowding public mat it provoked sympathy in a great many people."
Ana... ...your dad is sick.
They were gonna hit him where it hurt... ...and that meant me.
I don't want to be jammed up against the steering wheel in my sisters car the first time we have sex.
She wanted me to rape her.
She's number one on my ass-kissing list.
"And according to them, you die here."
"You, the union, the party, Rome, Mosca and I do not know who else! you suck!"
Are you dumb or something?
And I'm a sissy.
Radio says it's gonna snow a bitch.
"I only know that that woman put me a prostitute fear and do I only want to go home, is it well?"
Where the hell are you?
Perhaps killed.
You're all standing around like rabbits in front of a fox!
What the hell is Sterling's?
She had any idea how many times a day I masturbated thinking about her ... she'd probably sue the university.
You should just take my organs right now. Help that poor kid.
Him gone and forgotten and me sitting here waiting like a fool.
I'll ask his army friends to pound you.
"I'm just a white trash grunt, but I can count."
I borrowed thisfrom your stodgy Captain's mind.
Just beat up. This is Officer Joe Charles.
And I go on vacation with him and his boyfriend. I love fags.
"He looked up at me with bloodshot and lunatic Rasputin eyes, then looked back at what he was doing."
"He says you took an ignorant hick and showed him the wetlands in a way he had never seen, and it changed his life."
God would make killer to be put through the eye of a needle.
"You're empty, son."
Cut him off.
"Well, you know. Somebody could get a smart-ass. He can put a penny or a button or may God forbid, Sarah, somebody could put a bullet there."
Her throat had been cut with a knife.
"'You lose your brain when you gave up those tores, Corporal?"
So fucking sue me.
Listen to me. You have been fighting the psychopath inside you all your life.
Don't you fucking get it?
Let him play his pussy game. This is his setup.
"I bribed Hayley to read his journals, and then I dug her ass up so I could consecrate her bones and absorb her power."
"Damn it, I know how this sounds... ...but it's true."
We are all fools in love.
And I will not fucking die this night.
Which means I need a judge who doesn't already think that Donny is a nutball.
Do you think I enjoy hitting you?
Every goddamn time.
Would you let Tom perform brain surgery on you?
The food that's going into that garbage is our profits.
"Obviously, Zamibian president... ...is gonna be assassinated by The Ring at the concert."
"But I made a young ass of myself, -- played myself out before I was twenty-one."
Why can't you take that fucking thing off?
At least you realize you're a moron.
"What are you doing, you morons?!"
SHE'S THE KIND OF NANNY YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO HAVE.
You are not cool.
You're worse than I thought anyone could be.
You asked me to kiss that chick!
He lay on his side sucking his thumby his hair damp and flat on his forehead and his neck.
"I'm going to take with me everything that is bad, and return with the true strength and honor of the crazy dogs."
I'm the one you want. Why not take your shot?
You've gotten fucked enough.
"Oh, for fuck's sake!"
I hate those cops
You wouldn't come to a dance... unless you're a narc.
Do you still call them Trolls?
Shut up. I'm thinking.
"I don't know how that shit works or what's, like, normal, or..."
"Hey, what the fuck you doin'?"
I want to see all the great shit
"The old boisterous, cussing, free-spending, wild riverman who slapped you on the back, bought you drinks all night, and told you outrageous lies was a dying breed now."
"No little faggot friends to help you, huh?"
Do we have to bring this crap..?
"Hey, just calm the fuck down, Vernon."
Fuckin' latte's my drink.
You can't stop me growing up just by lying about my birthday! - Shut up... It's ridiculous!
Go play with your fucking Porsche.
What the hell is he doing to Lucy?
"You know, what the hell?"
"No, man, we didn't fuck."
"If you were a bomb, I'd run straight into the Athletics Association"
Why don't you stop fucking with our lives?
"Man, turn down the 'Sepulter' and listen to me, motherfucker!"
In a fucking second!
"You be black or hispanic, I'll be on time."
The final technique for ripping a man's head off... ...is by simply using your bare hands.
Tired 'cause he got 40 fuckin' companies now.
"But only you could gun him down in cold blood, during a leave from jail."
from brain-dead donors
"You might as well have fucked him, which you probably did anyway."
"Yeah, and every dick thinks he's a Romeo."
We'll find one of those bodies... ..and I'm gonna make sure it has a bullet in it that matches your weapon.
Only the best thing to ever happen to this criminal degenerate.
Don't give me that shit!
You quit? Shit.
"Keep your mouth shut, if you know what's good for you."
I’ve never played Golden Tee but I’m pretty sure I can kick both your asses.
"Either that, or the ginger midget wore the same Parisian perfume."
"Well, the government I proudly served for 20 years has locked me up with the scum of the earth."
"Ruthless. Geez, Nat. You make me sound like some kind of shark."
Dirty old man.
"‘Go on, take the damn things,’ he finally growled."
"If you wanna hang this jury, go ahead."
Those bastards killed Francois.
"If she knows, you yapping about it ain't gonna change it. Shut the fuck up!"
You fuckin' did it!
I don't know what you did to get your butt out of jail... but you think you're the only slippery guy... I've ever dealt with?
"You could say, um, pretty... huge... ...dick."
"Yeah, even my stupid brother got a job."
"""Fuck the ship."
Come back and shoot him!
"Anything he said, he was just trying to save his own ass."
"Don't mess with me, halfling!"
Everyone who's ever tried to help me is dead because of me.
"How could you fucking leave without me, man?"
Get some fucking help.
What the hell is she doing here?
What is a ravishing woman like you...
"Yeah, but why do I feel like crap?"
I want to buy liquid bombs from some foreigners.
"What are you doing, dummy?"
"""I will execute and better your instruction."""
Do you think we're fucking around here?!
"Sam, stop poking it with a fucking stick."
It would be shit if you don't come.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, But I thought you didn't give a shit About your friends,"
White stuff came out of his mouth.
The fat man thumbed back the slide and they both peered into the oiled chamber.
"'Cause I don't know if you've noticed, but she's pregnant, and that's just fucking gross."
All you have to do is show up and compress shit.
"""Fuck, the whole town is gonna be out there,"" Beezer says."
"I know I talk a lot, but I swear to God I'll shut the fuck up."
Of course your still a virgin.
The world is a den of thieves... ...and night is falling.
Will you just shut up and kiss me?
"Oh, fuck off!"
He put killers in Sid's nursery and let him watch them killing each other.
You look like a hungry badger.
The damn Ford won't start.
"He ran his fingers over her naked skin, - - Pulling at her folds."
I know I'm a fool... ...but I'm not such a foolas to be lamenting for my dresses... ...or to relish complimentingon my custards.
And the prostitutes-- What does that prove?
You sure this shit's safe?
and slowly crushed his neck.
Who'd have the balls to do that?
How about we drown it?
"Son, if upsetting her is your way of trying to win a woman's heart, it's a stupid one."
Is there gonna be more hot snatch like you there?
"Rubbish, boy."
"She ain't wearing the $1 5,000 ring that I bought her ass."
The boy don't have the balls to pass me on the outside.
I heard you say his name... ...when y'all old niggas was here playing cards.
"If you eat gold, does that mean you shit gold?"
"No, that dude was a fucking man."
It's god damn biological weapons
Then tell me what the hell's going on!
"Um, we thought you were gonna give me shit about filibuster reform."
Describe this male negro.
"But nobody can do a damn thing about it, huh?"
"Finally, when she can endure no more, she will slump to the ground to lie at my feet ... bleeding, wretched, dying."
"Ile builder of Babylon and Nineveh, the hunter of wild animal , the killer of children and old men, the beater of women."
"Julie, you'tre mixing me up with somebody who gives a fuck."
I'll fulfill your wish if you keep your foolishness up.
"Remember, he beats Judy to death and kills that baby."
"Damn, why don't I have one of those?"
Maybe he's not that smart.
"She also says she wants you on top of her. Holding her hair and riding her like a bucking brand... while she sucks your thumb and says, Mami likey."
It looked like crap.
"""To see about shooting some supper."""
"Oh, please, you add a little me and a little you and they're gonna be fine because you give a shit about them and they know it."
Was her lunatic child there?
You a thief?
(Tobin) Don't be a fool!
Let's make a fuckin' masterpiece.
"Shit, man, I don't know nothing."
"I mean, what I'm trying to-- I don't know what the fuck I'm trying to say."
"Its black-eyed idiotic face whipped around toward the sound of Jonesy's voice, and Beav saw his old friend through a haze of blood, and with dimming eyes: Jonesy standing slack-jawed in the doorway, a roll of friction tape (won't need that now, Beaver thought, nah) in one dangling hand."
orgasm xxx basshunter sex scenes linkin park kama sutra nude hanah montana bb8 big brother amnesia ibiza sexy girls jonas brothers wwe pamela anderson sex video enrique iglesias power rangers mistic forse 2girls1cup hentai akon
Some fool of a sergeant salutes me... and I forget to mention that we pass near the dam.
Perhaps he's a pervert?
It's all about one shot and one kill.
"I know my rights, damn it!"
"Men in kilts, southern comfort, and Chris isaak's ""wicked game."""
Cut it off.
'To be shot at with machine guns!
I think he kills people very creatively.
"Goddamn, you are one observant tweeker."
I'll have you all thrown in jail!
Taras Yudin is a very horrible meanie.
"He was a witch, but after he became immortal, that ended."
Don't let it slip off you little girl hands and crush me.
"Murderers are best, I think."
"A week after nuclear Armageddon, the world will be populated... ...by nothing but cockroaches and Alan Harper."
You're calling me a fool?
Is that your reason for behaving like a degenerate animal?
Crooks don't pay taxes.
"So my lazy-ass nephew, my brother Howie's kid with the big head."
You get a shot and be okay.
"""They'll shoot him sure as hell,"" Baker said."
"Hey, where's the fucking Lieutenant?"
They create a literate ignorance -- easiest thing of all.
"Taking courage, her eyes still stinging with 'Dumbo', she advanced on the wavering mirage, Motherfucker raised in case the thing tried any funny business."
I just had to do a show right here and it's brilliant to do it in Times Square because there's always a bunch of people who can hang around and watch me talk complete rubbish.
What kind of a maniac uses a weapon Like that mutilate and kill someone?
"Who, filthy nick?"
Fuck.
"Some sucker peeled off the 1800 we were asking, And boom, boom, boom, we were knocking at the door"
Don't fucking touch me!
Goddamn.
"I went to a place recently I'm convinced is the most fucked up, crazy place I've ever been to."
Most of the kids are happy to be free... ...but there are always some insecure sissieswho want to go back inside where it's safe... ...and she cannot get rid of them.
Do you have any idea who you're screwing with?
I hate waiters who make you feel like low-class shit.”
I can't hear a goddamn thing.
"Are you angry at me about something, Little Penis?"
"Damn, you're easy."
Get the fuck out of here!
Aunt Mel is gonna have my head on a silver platter.
"""Ruthless."""
"And you just-- No fucking nasty cut, you know what I mean?"
Where is that little dickens?
"""God damn it,"" she said, sinking down in a chair."
Here I am to rescue her from bourgeois hell.
"Watch your feet, you big oaf!"
"Skipper, will this shit work?"
How the fuck is that not called?
"I didn't tell you to make it your own, asshole."
"Did you come here to kill the Captain, or just talk about killing him, eh?"
"Hammond, you bugger."
I wish there was someone who would have sex with me to make me feel better.
Women are insecure.
We would have made so much money on that shit.
Psychics fighting on hell's side.
"All I want to do is get out of this rotten, insane town! O- okay. Okay."
"Hey, you're crazy. For God's sake, stop chattering and sit down!"
If they were men I'd knock their heads together.
Bring it to the base of Demon's Bluff at midnight or... or I'll be killed.
"I'm Melanie, Jake's snotty Yankee bitch wife, whom he won't divorce, even though I'm engaged."
So where was the part where you blew her brains out?
"Now, either it suddenly started bothering you this week or you're... screwing with you."
Goddamn.
You're fucking with me. I can tell.
You're fucking with the best!
Burned her up as if by fire.
"He knows police protocol, not to mention the shit in our own precinct."
"I live in hope that it may pass, but that wretched man persists in writing to her."
That was the Navy's shorthand and sanitized version of an expression that had begun in the Marine Corps to denote a confused and self-destructive military operation: Cluster-Fuck.
Kidnapping your wife and kid - any one of them can do that.
"Go to hell, I won't give you anything."
For five years I was more a guest in this fucking flophouse... than a husband.
"As I was saying, welcome, gentlemen. And fuck you."
Other people might lock you in a cell overnight to be urinated on by a meth head.
How will you find him to kill him?
"Though you have the gift, you are ignorant of its use."
He wanted to pull your head off.
How do you expect me to carry you two howler monkeys through tomorrow?
"Don't worry, I'm not going to do anything stupid."
With the weapon that was used to kill our fellow officers.
"And I don't like waiting, man. Shut up."
You must eat the flesh of those that cursed you.
Age: 24. Guy's a convicted sex offender.
"Inch by inch, Hood... you'll be lowered to your death."
Remove useless values
"Don't worry, if nude fondue doesn't make your father want me back then he'll be desperate for my kinky quiche."
It doesn't say I have to give a crap about what it looks like.
Can't you just shut up for once?
"Papa, whoever he is, oh, wait till he gets a load of that kisser."
"Every man of them stood facing outward around him, gun at the ready in case one of these terrified civilians might be so foolish as to try something."
Get rid of it!
What? Kill us? A real death would be merciful.
Walking into that factory could be suicide.
Wouldn't be the first time love made a fool of me
Turn off that crap-o-rama!
MILO: That's for shooting at my wife.
"""Damn you!"
"Get the fuck up, Gadge."
And I'm a pig too.
That's damn bad service.
All I need from you... ...is your testimony and his ass goes back to prison.
"Say, do you mind giving me a little scratch between the shoulder blades?"
You have people wiping your ass... and you don't even know their names.
Kiss my arse.
"""Butt-fucked the bunker""?"
Why wοuld anybοdy want tο kill us?
Frost is trying to... trigger a fuckin` vampire apocalypse.
A bleed in your brain.
Are you gonna take this shit?
She's a grown womanwith stars in her eyes who's in love with a three-time loser.
I saw you at fucking Kirby's.
Because you knew some dorks.
"I can see it now. "" Nazi Fathers and Their Snake-Obsessed Sons."""
And it all happened because of the damn gas leak.
That's really gross.
"But from what I heard, the guy's a total loser."
"I thought it'd be worse for the kids if brie had my ass kicked out of the country,far from them."
Want to get rid of you for starters.
"Oh, Hell, Bury."
"Seriously, dude, pack your shit."
You'il bleedall over my carpet?
"Lizzie, sweetheart, what the heck are you doing?"
You think men invented this stupid system?
I'm sick of you.
Never answers her goddamn phone.
"I mean, who knows, maybe Casey will be possessed by a virility deity, and he'll give you the best sex of your life."
"Now, you either find another way or give me the goddamn map and I will!"
Shut this off. Shut these all off.
In Hawai'i some of the most powerful people look like bums and stuntmen.
"Forgive me if I turn from my own feelings... ..to the words of another splendid bugger, WH Auden."
A cartoon thug...!
"She seduces an unsuspecting fellow, she fornicates with him and then she offers up a little sip of whiskey."
By the darndest series of lies you ever heard.
"And watch out. Those goddamn monkeys bite you, I'll tell you."
There’d been many presidents in tune to the fact that they needed people like Juarez around to balance out all the ass kissers who were so enamored of the office.
You been bullshitting me my entire life.
He's as good as dead.
"If I forgot to mention a brief conversation with a drunken idiot at a bar, I'm sorry."
You see that shit before?
Damn thing won't stay in the holster.
"""Mystery bumsticks dead in drag."""
"Karl, I'm not gonna lie on that revolting sheet,"
Five bucks says this shit ain't nothing but a disgruntled employee with a gun.
"You, shaggy. Come here."
Walkin' around in my fuckin' cell dead.
What the heck is going on here?!
"Hey! Not fucking funny, man."
Drink your father's dick!
"""I think Dallas thinks the sun shines out of Itzpapalotl's butt, so yeah."
"The last time I let you interrogate somebody, you shot him through the heart."
"Hey, aren't you the guy that kicked Filkins' butt freestyling?"
I'm telling youthat this is an instrument of torture... inflicted on you by a bride who wants you to look ugly.
Or you're a narc.
"Remember that last guy with the, uh... was it the fucking bathroom peephole?"
Is this where you kill them?
That's fucking great.
The thought of having any kind of sexual liaison with Homer was totally repugnant.
You need this! This is fucking dinner with her!
"Hey, get off me, man."
You're oddly masculine.
He was up all night fucking Carli's brains out.
"""Oh, so right you are!"" said Benji, taking the last drag from his cigarette and then crushing it out in a big glass ashtray beside the bed, where a dozen other little white butts were curled waiting for it."
I will decide what is ridiculous.
"Not only was it bigger, he could shoot fireballs off that shit."
"Saying ""damn, man"" ain't begging."
"We need to let the men of this town know that if they pay for sex,they're going to jail."
But you're shit outta luck when it comes to typesetting.
"And every time we get involved, you die or I die or we both die."
"Fucking psycho, 200 pounds of worthless grease."
"I had him erect, and his semen would f ollow, but alas, I was hot, so hot that I swallowed."
Harvey Dent didn't want to give in to this maniac.
Go soak your head in a tub of ice water.
"'That's the most appalling sexist, fattist, cynical thing I've ever heard.'"
That's all the fuck you need to know.
"Kill the brain, you know?"
"You’re sick again, sir."
It was fucked-up. So Rick came up with the nickname. That day she had us locked in from both sides like Chinese finger cuffs.
"Damn! I got these tickets, like, months ago for me and Lily and now I can't find anyone to go with me."
"She was painfully engorged, her nipples were so chafed, she was bleeding and blistered."
"Well, the pimply fellow stank, but you were wonderful -- very charming."
So I don't wanna see any Fa-la-la-la-lazy-ass
He's a social outcast like Scarface.
"Hey, Roberta, your brother has horrible breath!"
I look like an escaped mental patient.
STENNER: We got enough fucking cops here?
"Man, I've been in my hour of need my whole damn life."
"If he doesn't crap in Zurich, it shouldn't count!"
"I need one last fucking fight, John."
I don't know how you chicks put makeup on in the car.
"Even now, you can see that they are still with me... They're still ready to hunt Moby dick 'til the end."
Another drunk kid.
"I'm gonna crap you out, Stuyvesant !"
"What, nigga?"
Once you got everybody agreeing with what they know in their hearts ain't true. you've got them by the balls.
What the fuck's goin' on?
"You will tell him, based on what you have seen, that it would be foolish to contemplate an invasion of this island in the mistaken belief that it is riven with religious discord and full of discontented men."
"Tell you the first thing that comes into my mind, my poor deranged mind."
"Cameron, you didn't say he fucking worked here."
Fantasy football has turned every man in this town into a trash-talking monster.
"His bloody dagger reeks him the lie into his face."""
Earl! What the hell?
Get the hell out!
Only Germany’s lunatic fringe dares to commemorate Hitler.
Goddamn japs are everywhere.
"The gals are over at J-Bird's, but they're all wearing helmets, so if you want to cause some damage, you gotta hit 'em in the knockers."
"What the hell, Jamal?"
It damn well isn't our money!
You got a fucking van?
Get off him.
No fucking way am I going to be a salary boy To some bunch of nips.
"Burn the chair in the living room, in your wall incinerator."
Have you two decided where the fuck we're going?
"I bet myself that on my arrival in San Bernardino, I'd give a dollar... ...to the first jackass I met."
"I don't know what the fuck has happened, but the knives are out."
Planet. (Blow your own if you wish.)
I see you got your ass kicked again while I was gone.
Yeah. A bitch.
Except the shithole was closed.
He was already thinking of ways to kill Grianne before she had a chance to kill him.
You're the most... Buoyant.
"I don't need you goddamn babysitting for me, Trent."
"Oh, fuck. We got to get in there."
It's not fucking funny at all.
"Doesn't sound so stupid now, does it?"
What if she's a hag?
Now the whole damn thing belongs to Oklahoma.
I get the feeling that... ...my husband doesn't really give a fuck what I do... ...or whom I'm with.
Never had sex with your wife.
Your rage is making you crazy.
Insure people and have them die of heart failure - we'd make millions.
That's why I wanted to bury that guy.
We don't even have fucking jackets.
This is Alpha Nine. We're in deep shit.
"And there, hanging under a pathetic shelter porch, could be seen the faint outlines of a fragile cage and the shadow of an even more fragile canary on its perch."
"He dismissed that ridiculous notion and turned his spirit about, looking at the roof of the abbey."
I'll attack them with the greatest force the world has ever seen.
"The dark, murdering armies of Eurasia."
They killed him exactly like that.
"Well, if I don't try, then I might as well just fuckin' be sitting at the Barnes and Noble."
Stubborn as your father!
She'll hunt him.
"If I swing in, they'll spot my manoeuvre and shoot."
"God forgive me, a miserable sinner."
Apophis ordered me to burn a village of Ra's followers to the ground.
Once he's had his fill he'll discard you like an old rag.
"He drawled in an intentionally ridiculous nasal voice, ""The next sound you hear will be..."
I damn sure know one fucking thing.
"I mean, your girlfriend screws up, jumps into the sack with another officer."
I want to fill this city full of peaceful morons with our color.
"As you probably know, I have been a fucking cynic all my life."
Die with them. But I will never betray them or hide the truth. by playing an immortal God in Berlin.
"Already the local Times correspondent was telling his colleagues that Foley hadn't had the right stuff to make it big as a journalist at America's Foremost Newspaper, and since he wasn't old enough to teach yet—the other resting place for incompetent reporters—he was doing the next worst thing, being a government puke."
Who the fuck knows? I'm not gonna stay in a handicapped bathroom for the rest of my life.
"LA is up for grabs, the spoils of our once fine city going to the ruthless scum who can spread the most carnage and blood in our streets."
"You're just a dick, wherever I appear."
Yeah you’d really be hot to kiss me with tongue then wouldn’t you?
But I will hurt you.
Didn't you hear a goddamn word I said?
A stupid cow called Lotte Lindenthal.
It's just a coincidence that Mrs French should be killed only one week later?
"If I threw up on you, you'd be pissed."
"""The hell you're not."
"Those slippery greyish-white blasphemies they worshipped as gods, nor ever complained when scores of their best and fatted males were taken away in the black galleys."
The only way to free Medusa's victims is to kill Medusa.
"Shit, I met him."
if that's what you call that trash we got locked up.
That woman's karma kills husbands!
"Annoying guy, how did you find out where I work?"
"They shot Oscar in his fuckin' back for no reason, man!"
There's a huge hole in the whole flood drama because anything that could float or swim got away scot-free and it was the idea to kill everything.
I've received orders to execute the spies.
"Give him a badge, although I'm damned if I know where he'll wear it!"
"He doesn't care about us ""losers"" anymore."
I can't believe you sold us out to get in bed with these freaks.
When I told Jake what happened he fucking flipped out and I had to calm him down.
Let's cut the crap and talk seriously.
I could sell your ass over in Dubai.
Fat Wolverine.
You're the new XXX. Sounds like a porno star.
You taking the fucking piss out of me?
Get out of my fucking way!
I looked at my stupid stump!
"Like, ""Oh, yeah, no shit."
Stay on my ass.
Walken is gonna kill us if we don't give him the diamond.
"""Bullshit, Holly,"" he said, gently."
"Goddamn, that don't mean you got to confirm it."
"All right, eliminate women, wives, couples."
Get out of the goddamn car!
"My sister first, then your giant insect."
Next time I'm getting my own damn room.
Always been a crap sailor.
Get the hell out of my house right now!
"It was impossible to argue with the laws of mathematics, and stupid to feel anger at them."
"You ungrateful punk! I wasn't finished with you yet today, where are you going?!"
"Because she was busy having choke-sex with a murderous cyborg, who then became the new head of the KGB,"
"If I had to deal with all the fucking mouth-breathers nonstop, without a break, I'd put my head in the deep fryer."
"“Finn,” Sally said, then tilted the flask and swallowed, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, “you gotta be crazy . . .”"
A shit TV that will get me 20 bucks.
Where the hell are you going?
What the hell is going on?
A whole damn plate!
"You're gonna be humping up some fucking hill... or across a beach,"
"Should we choose to be kind and let her die, much like my brother?"
We must have a blowout. Dammit! I knew I should've gotten that spare tire fixed.
"You're fired, you washed-up drunk!"
"Why, I'd smack you if I had a hand."
Day 11 sucks.
"But I swear, if I catch him cheating... ...I'll also shoot his good eye away!"
"Yeah, I know about that part 'cause your pubes usually hit me in the face."
Don't make us crack your skulls open to convince you that Fascism is for your protection and dignity!
Tried to blow up his local post office... ...because they employed too many African-Americans.
My black pussy is thirsty for milk.
I can't believe this shit. We're on the brink of nonexistence and God's still missing.
"Thank you... ...""a disgusting carcass on a bed scattered with stones, its legs in the air like a woman in heat..."""
"If you're gonna try and stop me, you'd better have a damn good reason."
'Should put a weevil in his bathroom.
"How dare you, in this day and age, use such an idiotic--"
"Gray, I wantyou to pack upyour shit and get it out ofthe apartment... by the time I get home tonight, because we're done."
"Hey, Carson, we know you're the dumbest kid in the class, but did you hear what they sad on Cronkite last night on the news?"
"After that a dozen lesser priests arrived to shrive the premises and drive out all afreets, djinns, and devils."
"Just tell the shit bag what you find difficult, Geirr."
Why the hell did you cast her?
"Right, everybody stop wanking."
"L mean you, the family. You'd see me as an old pervert."
"Shut up, Chris."
You owe me a fucking dog.
"Damn it, Patrick!"
And you're super gay.
But why do you serve this impostor king?
I knew that cunt was trouble.
He doesn't give a shit about the money.
You left her alone to die!
"I mean, you are like a love-sick teenager."
"Say what you want if you keep it up like that you'll be sorry l tell you, fool that I am."
What's this about a sex doll?
Cut it off.
What a damned life.
You guys fuck all your cousins Or just the ones you find attractive?
"And it said here's your chance to thank us for saving her ass, and yours."
We've got to find who put this damned curse on her.
"Man, you can't even put on your turn signal without busting your ass."
"If he were the devil himself, it wouldn't matter."
That's just silly!
You would better her hang again.
"You traveled halfway around the world, to come and get me in that crappy, dump trailer, but I swear to God, I had to search you, man."
"I never thought that rich people could be miserable and want to die, too."
His fat girth jiggled as he openly laughed at the ingenuity of his insult.
So Cable shows up and shoots both of them... ...because Joe Bob tore some whore's dress.
"Katey! Katey, get back in the damn car!"
"You screwed me, man! I had a beautiful, caring, funny, intelligent woman, and you made her disappear!"
C.A.M Devil.
"""Dud"" sperm?"
Turns out this guy and his fuckin' pals... they were knocking this place dead for years. - He's got a wire on him.
"Goddamnit, he's got no face for me."
How dirty you willing to get?
No fools they.
"I've really fucked it, haven't I?"
"Mase, I love you like a brother but I got to say that when it come to being discreet, you're a disgrace."
"Kill him, Fei Tien!"
"I just fucking hate heights, man."
So . . . ugly? Is it?
Damn near a religious awakening.
I killed her.
The tail lights flared and they were not red glass but ugly little eyes-the eyes of cruel imps.
And I sure as shit don't run up the back stairs to the deputy chief.
Unless I... shove an ice cream scooper down someone's throat first!
What'd he say when you told him to screw off?
"I mean, why is she such a train wreck druggie?"
"Come on, don't be foolish."
"You think I'm nuts, do you?"
"When we find him, we'il beat him up."
Blasted nimrod!
"Hell, / liked women in a more normal way, but it would be damned difficult to make friends with any of them if they knew Lacoch's criminal history."
"You bring a guy here, up to your place, with presumably every intention on your part and his, to fuck, somebody you don't even know, and here he is."
"Five, but one is a fat one."
Only a shot to the heart with a powerful rifle or pistol will stop them.
Hatch closure... - ...in five seconds' - Shit.
We wouldn't even be here if you didn't bang that guy's head against the cabinet.
An African was roundly fucking him now.
"You want to make a guy like Liam lose his mind, call a girl in his family a whore or say that she'll let you do what any..."
"'My gran's going do kill be,' said Neville thickly, blood spattering from his nose as he spoke, 'dat was by dad's old wand.'"
"Now piss off, Father."
What the hell?
Get the fuck out!
And one sentence: death.
"I get all this shit from Vanessa, and I wasn't able to restore the poor lady!"
"Is that it detective, you're fucking here to arrest me?"
"I'm kidding, you fuck."
What it grows and where it's growing it will likely kill you.
"If only they didn't all look so crummy down there. For 10 cents, people are gonna wanna see a lot more... than a bunch of barefoot buggers jumping around in the cactus."
Do you want to shoot it?
"I hope you didn't kill anyone I know for it, huh?"
She might have had a damned good reason to hate her brother.
How have you had sex if you haven't met her yet?
Why did you give a shit about the building?
"I'm a coward, and Jareth scares me."
It's coz of those two idiots. They escaped through a tunnel.
"So if she does this, she injects the President with the poison... he'll die instantly?"
"HA! What would you know about beauty, freak?"
I don't know how this pile of junk could connect to JARVIS. make a phone call or squirt frozen yogurt!
Swabbed your weird blood out of the drain.
They're shooting these poor kangaroos for fun.
Stop being so hot-headed.
"ln a couple of weeks, no one would give a shit about you."
"I'm a coward. Simon was braver than me."" ""You're braver than me."
She was sure to get fucked... leaving Paradise for Hell.
"""Damn her, maybe she's got company -- there's lights, late as it is."""
Some shitty locker room at work
His second choice was to get up and teach Horowitz how to breathe again after he punched him one good shot solidly in that soft gut.
"I hear as before ... and forget things, and I'm not as cute as before, but damn, I remain here and fight."
They'll do you for murder.
Jane told she is gay last night.
"Butters, are you ready to stop with the stupid faces?"
And I will open those tanks and flood the street before you fire a shot.
I don't care if he held your prick when you first took a piss.
Cricket is a rotten game!
"Don't you know ""tricks"" are for kids, silly?"
I’m closing the mine ‘til I track that Keedva and kill it.
"Hey, listen, OK, I'm not gonna beat you. But this isn't fucking right. This is my place."
"'It doesn't fly unless you run really fast,' she explained, aware even as she spoke how stupid this sounded, especially if you were listening in a foreign language."
"Honestly, ben, you really fucked me here."
"Well, Garret's gone nuts!"
"He'd barrel into me with that pathetic excuse for a child's penis. And it would end so quickly, so abruptly, I wouldn't even have time to feel any sort of morbid, accidental amusement towards his ""technique,"" which was basically him seizuring on top of me for, oh, about 45 seconds, while I laid there trying not to laugh... or cry."
"Dude, fuck-head, my door!"
You are shitting me.
Astraroth dragging me into a pentagram and eating my soul.
Get the fuck away from my car.
I think we both know why towne might want to hurt dick.
"97 miles an hour, motherfucker! Okay."
"""He said for you to give me your fucking share."""
Not that pussy again!
"Female, bullet wound to the head."
"Want me to throw some plates against the wall, or maybe punch that pork roast a couple times?"
And I madeyou argue that... true love is bollocks.
Like that deaf girl down on Douise Street that gave fellatio to Dennis Kling.
It's ridiculous on a woman at her age.
What kind of sick bastard would do this to a dog?
I could eat him alive.
"Well, he's an ass that's gonna try."
Can you be quiet for one goddamn minute... and let me rest with this gun?
Scared the shit out of you?
"rundown, worn-out, weakened, impotent, castrated, paralyzed, handicapped,"
"""That stuff is shit,"" he said."
You tell Vaughn Smallhouse he better not fuck with Deep Throat Two.
It's now or never... sucker.
They don't shoot him on Houston... the easiest shot for a single shooter in the Depository.
You can't just switch me on and off like a bloody lightbulb.
Hardly ! The Sheyang are nothing more than opportunistic foragers.
"Gabrielle, this is ridiculous. I have information that could save Cleopatra's life."
Not if they give a fuck about living.
Shit! - Silver Tsar's fallen.
"In general, Waterhouse isn’t good at just winging it, but he’s tired and pissed off and horny, and this is a fucking war, and sometimes you have to."
Like he wants to be annihilated.
Too damn sensitive.
"What are you, crazy? Who knows a maintenance guy comes in, what if he's an agent?"
"Yeah, it seems stupid, but remember: every foot is a dollar."
George Bush kills a lot of brown people.
"Take a walk in my shoes for a fucking day... growing up in the 'hood, having to hit a drive-thru for breakfast because mommy spent the last of the grocery money on her morning fix."
You know GOD DAMN WELL!
"Bruce, this is idiotic."
You stingy...
"We waited until she came out with her mother... ...pushed the mother into the river, where the damned fool drowned... ...right before this angel's eyes"
He'll do anything to fill his bloody guest house.
"I walked all the way to battery park today in high-heeled boots, like a moron."
"Fuck, be careful!"
I'm not gonna let you get shot.
"I didn't lie to you. - Oh, liar."
"He did not like that term, ""corrupt."""
It's too fucking bad.
He said he wanted to do me with his favorite dildo then have me strap one on and return the favor
She spends her whole day terrorizing and berating that pussy.
"To get rid of you, I'll swat you with 1 30 grand."
You're crazy if you think I'm gonna let you
So pretty with such an ugly mouth...
"""Goddamn, I sure understand what the Russians are worried about,"" Hoffman said after a moment's silence."
So who the hell were you trying to see at the Conception Company ?
I'll shoot you an estimate.
"Yes you will, god damn it."
"Guards, take her away."
"Penny, you'll have to excuse Sheldon. He's a bit of a germaphobe."
"No, Gus, seriously, shut..."
I want to be covered in semen On a bed in the Hotel Jarome
Why don't you two get out of my office Before I change my mind and beat you senseless for wasting my time?
Go to hell! Better one day late in Paris than 20 years early in heaven.
"“This is crazy shit,” Weems said through his mask."
Or a pizza made of boobs!
"Blow it out, fool."
You're just afireman with a gun.
You're a liar!
I just hope Sebastian hasn't talked your mom out of giving me that goddamn executive producer credit.
You can't hang me like this!
"Must I do it all myself, you lazybones?"
"Hey, David, get back down here, get a mop and clean this crap up!"
But I'm so scared of fucking up.
This town is a friggin' side show. I mean--look.
Even as a joke it's just so stupid.
"It's horrible to admit, but everybody has got a cross to bear, and you're my damn cross."
"Whatever, smarty-cunt."
Like I don't have enough shit oozing out of my ears.
"You are 3000 years old and a king... ...yet you hide behind guards, wolves... ...a baby vampire."
There's too much potential red ink in this after the sugar that son of a bitch Dawes poured into our gas tank.
"Well... I should probably get out of here, because my dad is now starting to flash his breasts to the lesbians."
Someone told us to try carrot sticks as a substitute... but we couldn't get the damn things to light.
"In fact, they're more than crooks."
Vampires like you aren't a species.
"I suppose you'd better come in, then,' said the clown."
I know that loser from somewhere.
"Um, where the hell were you so late?"
"You know, who among us is a perfect foot slut?"
Make sure the guys know who these fuckers' leaders are.
"Like a tampon. When you want to fuck, you have to take it out discretely and drop it under the bed..."
"Just so you know, my rate's $220 an hour whether we fuck or not, cool?"
He'll be dead in a week.
"You don't wanna talk about blacks and gays, why'd you bring them up?"
"Let David do it. What are you, his lapdog?"
You know every move... right on the fucking dot.
"No, it's not necessarily proportional... Shut up!"
"These aren't real Tarkans at all, they're highly evil men!"
My neighbor is a complete ass...
Are these losers bothering you?
"""Here comes horrible Purcell, after his rent, dog on a chain."""
"As Reich left the booth, a man clothed in an air of inept eagerness accosted him."
"Not unless you have kids, you don't fucking understand."
"Huh, she's no hag, Beowulf."
"Must have a bladder the size of a pea, 'cause he just went."
"I'm so jealous of you, I wanna set things on fire."
"""Rubbish,"" said Miles."
We're going to die.
Shit they seemed to know everything about me.
Whitehead's spiny rat
"If you'd like the erection to go away, you can light a m atch, blow out the flame and put the hot em ber on your wrist."
I missed every damn thing.
"John, come on, get your butt in the car."
"I mean, with all due respect to Yuki, Davis is going to slaughter her.”"
Russian serial killer Andrei Chikatilo actually ate the uterus of one of his victims.
What kind of a clown is he?
"No doubt, the result of all that filthy poison you have been stuffing into your belly."
You believe this shit?
He's weak.
Redford was fucking Sonia Braga.
"The last thing in the world I wanted was to burst out crying in this old man's old car, which rat-tled and wallowed and smelled quite strongly of pee."
"Tell him Hunt and his Cuban friends Know too damn much, and if he goes public-- if Hunt goes public-- it will be a fiasco for the C.I.A."
"Leave this boy, devil man."
Kill her!
Give me a fucking grenade!
You look so sexy with that bloody lip. Shut up.
"Ah, put it this way... there's this motivational poster in my office with, like, this eagle soaring out of the sky and shit."
"Sea ghouls, devil fish, dreadful in hunger for flesh of man."
"Her life sucks. tess,everyone has pain."
So... you want to suck a dick now?
"Hmm, Del Blaine thinks you're a freak."
Collision. Damage. Blackness.
Just tell him you fuckin' did it.
"Look, you guys do what you want, but I'm gonna get the fuck outta here."
The rotten slag. She didn't deserve ya.
Damn... no ashtray.
I already took care of your head shots.
I am so screwed.
Silly. - Best school in all of Chile.
Alec's gonna detonate where the people are.
My husband shot your steward in self-defense.
Recalling your nut-job sister struggling with her underpants in a straitjacket.
"If you were the last man on Earth... ...and I was the last Woman on Earth, and the future of the human race... ...depended on our having sex simply for procreation... ...I still would not have sex With you."
Dialectics and that nonsense.
Shut your cake hole. You don't know anything about my family.
"They let them get catch diseases, all kinds of crazy shit. It's sad."
"24 hours ago, your boy was trying to put a bullet in you, and look at him now."
If not for those Russian gangsters and you helping me I wouldn't have seen you sing.
"In war, you kill your enemies."
Everyone says he's a wicked man.
Which is the same goddamn thing.
"So,dumbass,I heard you made a grad student throw up last night."
"""I hear those hemorrhoids are a bitch. """
"They could have killed us, like, a million times, Kev."
She killed her kid and you asked her!
What are we gonna do? How are we gonna... get out ofhere without them fuckin' seeing us?
Why haven't you kicked the shit out of me like you did him?
He didn't give a shit for his wife — you know what hap­pened to her?'
So you leave him and it and fuck off out of my house.
"Really? All that dirt and sand in there, nowhere to hide the blood in, no skin. Shit!"
And there's some fat guy staring at us.
"Some serious shit here, brother."
He's a liar.
I'm just gonna touch you.
What the hell did he care about all the rest?
"Look, I'm a janitor at American Calculator in the Empire State Building, and I found this is someone's trash."
"Hey, quit fucking around, and get up."
"Chasing cats, licking my own rear end, eating my own vomit."
"It may sound dumb, but I never cheated on my husband in Paris."
"I never thought I'd hear myself say this... ...but for once, I wish I could meeta nice, sensitive guy... ...who wanted more than just sex."
"That is until my parole officer, the cunt, started giving me shit about staying with someone from the joint."
"On passing my hand, however, along his back, I perceived a slight erection of the hair extending completely across it."
"Four to embezzlers, white-collar criminals, one to a rapist, one to a murderer."
"Listen, no one wants this guy dead more than I do except for her."
"I'm trying to tag her ass before she passes out, so if you could just..."
"Sauron will use hls puppet, Saruman... ... to destroy the people of Rohan."
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
There's no way youassholes stayed clean last night.
He even put his left ear in the fucking clouds.
I guess it's stupid to suggest the police
You cannot blow up my head with your mind.
"Calm down, you old goat."
Imagine that a girl could talk that foul.
"Barbu, buddy, are you crazy?"
You deserve the shit-storm you're in.
"Maybe we should eliminate the real problem, your milquetoast boy toy."
The hell...
Shoot your targets!
Did you abandon us... ...to spend your life as a vegetable in a hospital bed?
But he's our Jackass.
We shoot the whole thing on Wednesday.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
What in hell are you doing here?
Pisses me off!
We grind you out like link sausages.
You think sticking a gun to my head is gonna make any difference to me?
"He wanted two silver bullets, and a gun to shoot them with, and he wanted Uncle Al to come over on New Year's Eve, the night of the full moon."
We're frae Scotland! - For fuck's sake.
"Legolas, fire a warning shot past the bosun's ear."
There's the whole fucking area on the other side.
She's gonna lose her liver.
"I swear to Christ, if you're about to diagnose me with post-traumatic shock syndrome, I am gonna bash your goddamn face in!"
"I came to tell you, that if you've had enough of making yourself ridiculous with your dolls and your verses, you can take them down now."
You were... I don't know. Playing fucking tiddlywinks with Gina.
Disgusting!
"What the hell are we doing here, Frank?"
"Actually, Americans ripped off rugby, then they added sissy pads and helmets. Whatever."
Holy crap.
"Yeah, no shit."
Dr. Faggot!
Crazy'?
"Do you guys have a studio lawyer or something? Because, you know, I fucked that chick and I think she's well under 18 years old."
I'm gonna press your button and make you all wet.
They're the worst sort of Muggles.
The only thing that burns in hell is the part of you that won't let go of your life.
This is why I don't like to get caught up in this shit.
So keep the load and give us the... I'll have sex with you
"God, you are, like, the worst judge of guys ever."
"A lot of cops, and you didn't call them pigs to their faces; the cops had also missed the love-in, and were pissed about it."
Hurt a girl...
It's just a drunk old lady in there.
"Oh, bugger."
"All I'm saying, Dad, is I'm surprised you took him on...is all. What are you saying, you silly bitch?"
And you're naive.
"That's in two days, you bastard!"
And bury them in my yard.
That little worm.
I don't give a fuck what you want to see!
Fucking dark in here.
"A little hypocritical of you to lecture him on revenge, don't you think?"
"We'll get you off that smack Yes, we will We'll get you off that smack Yes, we will We'll get you off that smack We'll kick that monkey off your back And get your life on track Yes, we will It's important to get started now, though."
"You broke my Walkman, you're dead."
"Don't be ridiculous. I don't know what will happen, but I don't want that."
"Well, I already shot one hole in your roof."
Killing you in a fight will keep me my honor
"""Isn't it a little late to destroy them?"
I don't trust anybody in this room right now. And they're my good fuckin' friends.
I get this patronizing shit... ...from Arthur and Mason for three months and I'm sick of it!
I'm so sick of Meredith and Cristina and their stupid love affair that they have to rub in everyone's faces.
Come on. I don't have time for this shit.
Tonight I'm gonna make love to a woman.
That's the shit I'm talking about.
"You've been trying to kill me for centuries, and here I am, dying of old age."
"But today when he wound up for his big serve, he just looked silly; kind of like Dinosaur did sometimes when sparring with Belle."
"Of course, there was always somebody who cared more about their money than their reputation, and so some sucker always reported Stanley."
Smart con man.
"Damn! You said, ""We're gonna get away for the weekend, maybe go on a vacation,"""
"You're that serial killer, aren't you?"
"Why, Mr. Bullock, you sound like you want to wring my neck."
I can't feel a damn thing.
What sort of sick individual puts things like this up in a telephone box?
"Some said the Fremen were strange, suspicious, and smelly."
"Anything but a filthy, stinking..."
Now I got fuck knows how many guys out here with guns and they're thinking that I'm the bad guy.
He's being tortured to death.
"What are you doing when you are having sex, then?"
Pisses me off badly!
"Siri, text rocky to come stab me in the ears."
They call me Orinoco Paul... ...because I know every goddamn bend in this river.
I thought I shot you once already.
This is a suicide mission.
How the fuck should I know?
"That's pretty sick, to be honest with you."
I was the one who screwed you on District 8.
Killing cattle is a hanging offence in these parts.
There was stuff missing from the truck... ...but he didn't give a fuckas long as the thing's back.
"Eventually, I will make love to all of you."
Shit! My God!
"Dig for gold, drill for oil, get into the movies, build these crappy hotels and dirty streets."
How the fuck should I know?
Fanny.
Shit. could you take this for me?
"Give me your fucking money, man!"
"No fucking way, Elvis."
"Long story short, this particular lame duck of hers turned out to be more of a lame cobra."
You don't remember her near shootin' your head off? (CHIRPS)
I punch.
"Shoot, even happens in men's prisons."
"You know, this is gonna kill them."
His butt is mine!
You're gonna try and fuck up and try and fuck up again.
"Try to fool stupid Grover, huh?"
Its fucking boring.
That's fucking private!
"If the bullet doesn't kill him, he'll definitely drown to death."
Watch the fuckin' road.
Staring into the black eyes of a voodoo priestess who's plotting your death.
Give me my damn juice.
"Jack, what are you doing, for fuck's sake?"
I think they were going to kill us as they left here.
As in I'd rather not see my mom twisted into a corkscrew.
"Oh, shit."
"I just like messing with you, shrimp girl."
"Now either you go in there... ...and you tell them your lies, or you leave me the hell alone."
Why the hell would you do that?
You thugs stay out of it!
My car's fucked.
Fucking Jesus!
"Kill the deal, or I turn myself in to the U.S. Attorney and tell him my statement was a pack of lies you fed me."
"Inspector, fuck you very much."
Jar! Darn it! Has anyone seen my croquet cleats?
What the hell. Thought you were in Los Angeles.
What the hell? Fire.
We got a fucking problem.
I saw you serve those guys. - It's these fucking guys.
I hate you. - What are you doing to me?
"Fool of the First Order, eh?"
Why the fuck are you laughing?
What the fuck is that?
"It's a fucking mask, man."
I'm gonna teach each and every one of you to be Captain fucking Ahab. Get it?
Them pretty white nurses'il give you blow jobs if you pay 'em enough!
"Goddamn,boy,you're as big as a mountain."
"You want some fatherly bullshit, a pat on the back."
Bastard.
I knew he made you miserable.
"Now, was he a boyfriend, or some poor bastard you were using?"
Cutting off your whole face.
"But tomorrow you'll wake up with your mind fertile and ignorant, and then we'll begin to plant the harvest for Friday."
You will die today McCoy but not that way.
"Go, you fucking Globetrotter."
"Oh, shit, is it both?"
Shit.
"It ain't about Mom, goddamn it."
Get off me! Off!
He wanted to be there for the kill.
It has to be felled.
"So it's just us against a bunch of badass blood-sucking immortals, huh?"
Silly! It's me!
And I hit her.
They will pull artillery until they die...
"The fact that his teacher had later given him an A+ on it didn't change that, only made it clear that it wasn't just him; the whole world was losing its shit, going nineteen."
It's over... I don't remember askin' you a goddamned thing!
How can we fight this war with screw ups like you?
"Show him the horse this afternoon. Get him all excited and then bosh, hit him where it hurts."
"Damn, girl, you hit me for real."
"That goddamn lefty liberal, Don Horanzy?"
But you ain't never gonna be nothin' to him... but an ugly-ass chimp in a blue suit.
"""OK, so fuckin'..."
Where the hell did you dig this up?
"Dolly Messiter was with me, and she talked and talked and talked until I wanted to strangle her."
Your mama hammered it all into the brain. That's why.
Right into his ugly face.
"I mean, if she doesn't abandon you in her crappy car?"
It takes balls to drop out like you did.
"Death, Gabi."
"In England, one often sees depictions of the stern headmistress... wankers and spankers."
"I hate you, but I'm not mad."
"You're gonna suffer, Moltis."
"Fuck! When the virus struck, for obvious reasons... ...the first ones to go were the fatties."
Just get rid of your hearts.
"*Ruffians, thugs, poison Ivy, quicksand.*"
Arrest them!
Update: We still have no fucking clue where this guy is.
I ain't stupid.
"In my experience, people who would rape an old woman or a crippled lady… they always do it again."
I'm gonna need all those sick little twisted memories of yours.
"Oh, goddamn it."
The Russians have planted their flag on a Norwegian pile of pelican shit.
I don't want to be here when you talk to Dad about your crazy ideas.
"Nuke 'em, Rico!"
"Ugh, you're so boring."
This is just-- this just means that sooner or later we're all going to hell.
"Hey, I'm ready, you wop bastard!"
"Shit, I miss your mother."
Yeah. Desiree has some taste. - No shit.
"Breathing's for gays, dude."
It's like those guys are brainwashed!
"It's not just a bug, it's a... giant poisonous bug!"
Damn. He must've pissed somebody off.
"I hired a lawyer,and he is a real shark."
"On your knees, asshole!"
Or we'll break you.
How do I get this fucking door open?
"Well, I want a black eye like Jack's."
That club of horrified people who raise holy hell about that disease... that racist hate... but do absolutely nothing to stamp it out.
Does it turn you on that I may have had sex with someone else?
I'm gonna go check on some other shit.
"I know what I'm fucking doing, okay?"
"I'm with Jake all the fuckin' time, man."
Shut up. It's my favorite part.
"You hurt her, I'll kill..."
Damn! No shot.
She remains a fucking question mark right up to the bitter end. Basically all I know about her is that she kept Wheat Thins in her refrigerator.
Humiliate the Greeks and lay waste to their tiny ships.
What the hell are you doing here?
Maybe the Imam could use that dirty money.
Renault planned to kill me. And he used Audrey as bait.
That'll kill him! He'll be torn apart!
"Give me my horse, you rogues."
You know what he can use as a raincoat? A condom.
"Damn, you can barely fit anything in there."
"Ken, don't you think it would be well to kill that picture?'"
"You're encouraged to sexually harass new prisoners, organize no-holds-barred catfights and maintain poor hygiene."
"You can at least move him around, Charlie, but he's crap."
But you could at least fuck somebody whose got some class
To hell!
Don't fucking worry about my credibility! All right?
She says she's the devil himself.
All those Arabs are not going to like.
I'll give you such a slap!
"I suck them dry, I'm a vampire, but I do it in an elegant way with a smile."
Why don't you give me one reason not to bounce your ass out of my place?
Nothing I can understand. It's all ghetto shit.
Then he wriggled until his legs were entirely down the hole and his buttocks rested on the rim of the vent.
"I know this is difficult, Mrs. Fontaine, but do you know anyone who would want to kill your husband?"
"Consider it a-- a token of my love, my affection, and if nothing else, an apology for being so crazy."
"I never let my clients touch me, let alone put their filth inside of me."
Fool?
Foolish woman! Where is a bathroom?
"All the while, trying to suck the answers she wanted out of my head."
"Well, there's fuck all in the record about it, cos I've checked everything."
"And by the way, women kill for eyebrows like that."
Stop this fucking noise in the middle of night!
We shall never have peace till we have a pure Aryan race.
I'm assuming you're not going to give me the code. - Go to hell!
Are we going to get fucked or what?
My bronc only has to be half as good as them hotbloods... ...'cause I'm twice as good as these oldbloods.
"Damn it, I can't, it'il break."
"In other words,... he'll break your legs."
We decided to give him a shot.
Apparently his boss was a terror.
"No, no science camp Damn it!"
"Turn her around, dammit!"
Shooting it today.
The parking sucks.
"On the long road to grief recovery, don't be surprised if you gotta spill a little blood KENNY: On the long road to get shit fixed."
I know you just had a bad fucking trip...
You bet your ass it is.
"He shall live to run with the Pack and to hunt with the Pack; and in the end, look you, hunter of little naked cubs -- frog-eater -- fish-killer, he shall hunt thee!"
Such a piece of human junk?
My gut tells me to cut you off.
"Take off mustache, then a Muslim."
"How else are we supposed to stop my big, horrible, greedy father from destroying your beautiful neighborhood?"
"But if it turns out that this party's bullshit, what are you gonna do?"
"If you treat the villagers bad, my harpoon will be aimed true and send you to Hell!"
And my breasts resemble two balloons you'd find behind the couch a week after the party.
How many of these damn things did you pull?
"Okay, you give me access to the case files and I'll get your shooter."
"Your top priority to sell is that shitty deal. if you have an adverse interest to your client, do you have the duty to disclose that to your client... to tell that client of your adverse interest?"
"Honey, from the waist down it's all clit."
"Because if you wanted to screw me, you'd have found a smarter way to do it."
Minors fucking on your website?
"Smalls, first off, get your damn feet off my furniture."
Anywhere. In the trash room if you want.
Peruvian drug trafficker.
I told you not to fuck around in the hotel.
I'll fucking talk to myself.
"You're inappropriate, you jerk, with your big stupid face!"
All we have to do is say the fucking truth.
Then you won't mind if I ask Mac to have sex with me?
"Hey, you look pretty whipped, Carrie."
(Sharon) She hasn't been a bitch to me.
That's a lunatic bet.
"I'll give you five minutes after the shit starts hitting the fan — that's a three hundred count — and if you haven't shown up, I'm on my merry way."
Shut your stupid flat head!
Can't see shit through this fog.
"That's what you thought, you loser?"
You're the reason Nathan's dead.
"Hey, I welded the damn thing myself."
"And I'm with me wherever I am, so I wish I was in fucking New York."
"If you don't have the discipline to avoid the gambles, the stupid moves, then, my friend, one day you will go down, it's inevitable."
He had the eyes of a girl... ...seeking intercourse with the devil.
"Well,that's just fucking great, Paul."
"Behold, Mother! Your husband is a giant..."
"Max, there is something wrong with Fluffy two.She sounds sick."
I'm not gonna condemn the man off the word of some fucking douchebag from Yonkers.
"Yeah, what if you slap someone in the back of the head like this?"
Brendan's stink is on me and I don't know how much.
I've spentmy whole fucking life being good and look where it's gotten me.
This fool's paid big money to see big sharks.
"Fool, what the fuck is a stipend?"
"What the fuck happened in there, huh?"
Other trolls looked down on him because he came from a sedimentary family and was therefore a very low‑class troll indeed.
Get the fuck out!
"You're cock-eyed, Johnny."
"What? - This girl is dope, so don't listen to me."
"Teddy, if you want me to shoot the girls, you need to get that boy-band poseur out of my seat."
So I'm forced to take shit that ain't mine.
Is the state unable to protect you against this garbage?
"Come on, man, let's get the fuck out of here."
"I'm pathetic, aren't I?"
"I sat back, trembling; I lit a butt."
If I fell under the sword of that murderer it might be my head in a basket.
Leave cruelty to Sixtus and his brutes or it won't be Rome...
"The band doing audio commentary on their own music... Is so fucking lame, Saul, and you know it."
You're shitting me.
What the fuck are we doin'?
"Man, this one hit ain't gonna kill you."
He is looking for you and he is fucking pissed.
I'm wondering if someone's been whispering in her ear like a little shit bird.
Now put your mouth over the barrel of this gun.
FBl! I killed Pilar Zuazo.
We should just kill him and take it.
Crazy pants encrypted the SIM card.
so we can find out what the fuck's going on.
and shoot him?
"Oh, that's your answer for everything, isn't it? - Vote for an idiot."
She fuckin' appreciates us.
"Yeah, fuckin Duffy, Cavanagh, Tyrell"
"How do you know I didn't break into this house, set off the alarm, and now I'm stalling by being upset about the Indian guy and have actually stolen a bunch of shit, raped my mom, and you people have done absolutely nothing about it!"
I'm in big fucking trouble.
What the hell are you doing here?
It's as well that you only killed the old woman.
Don't call me jackass.
Killing David Palmer's son might get messy.
"I'm probably really gonna suck, you know."
I wonder if that's the same Frank Deverell that came and thanked me for not shooting his son in the goddamn head.
It's got shit in it that's not even legal here.
You got a cop on my ass.
"And then the surge of resentment came over her at the thought that this child, this foolish and ordinary girl in the dress of a priestess, was presuming to sit where Viviane had sat and to give orders in the name of A valon."
What if you get sick of me?
I wish they'd get rid of him.
How's that even fucking possible?
"'What a bumptious, ill-bred boor!'"
"Now do you wanna keep fucking around, or do you wanna hear my solution?"
That's why you wanted to kill yourself.
"( Chuckles ) With this Hercules sauce, I'm afraid that I'm gonna blast right through the wife and hit a fertile woman."
You hit my sister like she was a fucking man.
Where the hell were you?
She's a wretched influence.
"Fucking since when did guilt and innocence define the State PD, huh'?"
"Shit, sorry."
"Some of the pages had fallen shut, and she was no longer looking at the HE LOVES YOU HOLLY/HE WILL KILL YOU HOLLY litany."
"You, me, everybody's ass around here!"
Nobody in the village will be with you in your madness!
They'll fuckin' find us!
I ain't sure this bitch is American.
I'm not gonna have sex with you unless we're married.
Like a fucking freight train.
I don't know what the fuck you do when you leave here.
This is ridiculous. Just nervous heartburn. I always get it the first day of a trial.
"I will do it, but swear to me: If this curse overtakes me you will hunt this body down and you will destroy it."
You better get your own fucking army.
Terry! CLOWN: I like children fried.
I want you to fuck me.
You suck too.
"Thus, we learn the value of the coal we buy; we know to a tee the last penny of cost of every item of production, and we learn which firemen are the most wasteful, which firemen, out of stupidity or carelessness, get the least out of the coal they fire."""
"Oh, crap."
"Jesus Christ, that's gotta be MacRay. -Fuck,"
You'il know soon enough... because the only way to kill an Anubis warrior is by taking offits head.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm down here looking through all this shit.
What makes your man Vorenus so morose?
You stay here in case that rat shows up.
Make up your mind what you wanna do with this damn meat.
Hit me hard...
Let's catch some fucking waves!
You're shitting me.
"What the hell am I doing?"""
You monkeys are too good for me.
You talk too damn much.
Them fat chicks get so fucking hungry...
Put your little ray gun away. - Shoot her.
Wait! - Shut up!
"I'm evil, I'll fill your cheese balls with weevils"
How about the fucking truth?
"You see, nobody knows phone numbers anymore, so... - Shut up."
He tried to help. I thanked him by cutting him off. I thanked him by hating him.
"Pop."" - ""Some old gangster shit, Uncle Mike."""
Her mother is not gonna give a crap about her glioblastoma.
There's a lot of protocol in killing a man.
"And I also believe that you should get your ass over to that meeting, or you'll be sacked, and I'll be on the dole."
She went on record last year to say that I publish trash.
"This isn't ""The Flintstones"", we can't just whang him in the head with a frying pan!"
You prissy little schoolgirl!
We shot them ourselves.
The lezzie blew his head off.
"Fuck... work's a nightmare, these days."
"Yeah, one is a old lady. She's sick, she 'bout to die."
"John, sit down and patch yourself up, you tart!"
But I don't have to watch that shit.
Fool! Let this serve to remind you.
"And he's got a foot fetish, which is really fucked up for the husband of a podiatrist."
"""A woman, a half-trained apprentice, a broken-down demon hunter and a Pervert."""
"No, it's nonsense, it's rubbish!"" he added resolutely."
He got 15 motherfuckers in there with guns and you know it.
I... just didn't want you to think you were the only sucker in town.
"Saliva has enzymes, breaks the shit down."
"But what the hell, that's my game, part of my 'penance' if you'll pardon the word, but my penance doesn't include necrophilia."
I can't see a damn thing.
Don't need this bullshit in the morning.
"But I owe a shilling to a certain vile man in London, a hater of Jews, and I would drive a shilling’s worth of satisfaction from slipping this slug of pig-iron into his hand.”"
What would you do to someone who decided to fuck with you in your own house?
"But all about me now is guile, hypocrisy, and dishonesty."
Then she turned her back on the cringing madman.
I'm not gonna make love to you so you'll go into labor.
"In the meantime, it is our intention to get rid of drugs, prostitutes and all other unsavory elements."
He's telling the brothers to prepare for a UK operation's already planned... ...which is the bombing these people fucked up in Manchester this morning.
Ana... ...your father is sick.
"Curses! I'll get you next time, Powertron!"
I'm so used to shit moving in the other direction... I don't know what I'd do if something actually hooked up.
So you want to sue your ex-fiancé? Damn right.
"You were breathing so hard you heard nothing but the sound of your own voice, your own orders to kill."
Having a persona based upon a retrieval template no more makes me Keats than having the name Lamia makes you a monster.
Fucking amazing.
"I said, turn your goddamn back!"
"You know how to shoot the 47? Hell, yeah."
"You want me, brute?"
", which outrages Kyle's mother with its vulgarity (the song uses the word ""fuck"" roughly thirty times), leading to war between the United States and Canada, and precipitating the return of Satan to Earth."
It has to be destroyed.
"And now, before you let your teammates down, you're getting your asses back to Hungary ASAP."
Why does that old white man stay here?
"No, we fucking won't."
She will make himmore miserable than you ever did.
Something stinks in Washington.
Ridiculous that we still have to walk up all these flights of stairs.
"A wager of twenty thousand pounds lost, because he, like a precious fool, had gone into that abominable pagoda!"
Get the fuck against the wall.
You bitch! Out!
"Manipulated by the animal's slut?"""
"Yes I have, and Brenda, that smiley shithead with the hat is my ex-husband, Eddie Powers."
He told Hicks he was gonna blow the whistle on the rape.
"I'm glad there's something for which I may lay down the life which isn't simply useless, but loathsome to me.o"
"Wherever humans go, death follows."
"Hot damn, there he is!"""
You talking about the 80-year-old lady with the fake boobs and the crop top?
"A fucking police check, right?"
Even Laurence Olivier sometimes thought he stank.
"All right, this is antifungal cream,... ..but to kill the athlete's foot whenyou're in the shower, just piss on your feet."
Something satanic... Devil...
She's cursed them both to die.
Kick it.
"Oh, shit, that is good news. You see?"
Koba trying to reestablish his dominance with brutal shots to the face.
So I can figure out who threw me out of a fucking airplane.
"They took out our command, Killed everyone over 30, Killed the children."
That's why we put the fucking plan in place.
And most important... where the fuck is the other altered Biokernel?
It is a man having a sharp knife drawn across his throat.
"As Scripture says, God is the light. Ouch. Fucker."
Luckily the poison hasn't arrived your brain.
All that fake civilization bullshit just fell away so they could dissolve into the infinite... ...so they could lose themselves and unite with their god.
"Oh, shoot, but you know what?"
So he shot her.
"Even fat Ralph, and he ate his boogers."
"Yes sir, I'm a pervert."
Just calm your shit down.
"You're judging this shit the wrong way. JULES: I mean, it could be God stopped the bullets... or he changed Coke to Pepsi, he found my fucking car keys."
The porky little boy sat astride his Big Wheel with his lower jaw hanging almost to his chest.
"I will consume poison, tie a noose around my neckand.. ..be run over by the Chennai Express."
Holy crap.
"Winslow, where the heck are you?"
We should kick him off the island.
"Killing my daddy, my mama."
"Go cut him down, Sergeant."
"Fascists, man."
"And if you stay there much longer, there will still be Nazis in Paraguay,... ...but there will be one less Jewish boyin the world."
Goddamn it.
Just wrecked my goddamn suit and I hard-boiled my nuts.
We talk about this shit all the time.
"Shut up, you'll scare away the birds!"
"Sod you, you clean it up. Sorry, fellas, that stupid cow scared the life out of me!"
Did you hear what I said? Damn it.
kama sutra nude orgasm hentai wwe basshunter 2girls1cup enrique iglesias bb8 big brother amnesia ibiza xxx sexy girls linkin park sex scenes akon hanah montana power rangers mistic forse jonas brothers pamela anderson sex video
"And this force, which will crush all foreign vermin has a name: Adolf Hitler."
Only the nastiest hunter in town.
"Seriously, what girl is so into stand-up she's going to come backstage and suck me off just so she can go,"
"That means dad erased all trace of my existence-- family pictures, movies, little handprint turkey I made. What a dick."
"Shoot. You think it wasn't hard bein' the only ""moniker"" up in the shop?"
We've spent thousands of dollars on gifts for our friends and their horrible children.
"She's a goofy foot, which favors her at Pipeline."
You want me to bail you dorks out or not?
I approve of your system.I was talking about the brain dead girl.
'Cause you don't just wake up one day at 50 and become a pervert.
They're all the same. . . neurotic.
Now you decide to shut up!
"Otherwise, you're completely useless to me."
You're a disgrace.
He's worse than a dick.
"Maybe if you'd told me your plan, I wouldn't have done it! lanto, don't be stupid!"
He's a killer. He's just bad code.
"Hit her, Grandpa!"
"I cast you out, unclean spirit!"
But that shit's impossible to get. You need a special license.
"For God's sake, Vincent, you are flirting with eternal damnation!"
"The asshole, remember?"
"Like we agreed, it can make you savage, put your hands on a man, just bloody someone for an idea."
I need minions to do my crap work.
"Robin Scherbatsky is a classic, textbook... cover hog."
"Well, then that's our job -- we find someone that we can trust, we give them this list, and we let them dismantle the whole damn network."
God damn it.
I want him tied to the house of Burgund forever.
"When are you going to get that through your thick skull, Mr. Morris?"
Rat. I agree.
You a man-whore now.
"I know my husband fucks around on the road, but we have an agreement."
"""What the fuck is the matter with you two?"
"Well, that's fucking terrible."
"Well, that's a stupid house to Rob."
"I thought, ""I 'm losing my fucking mind."
Make sure nobody shoots him.
"Shit! The battery's dead, sir!"
"Get your ass to Kansas City, kid."
"You know, I bet those sluts at U.W. will laugh at them."
"It had a grating noise somewhere in the middle of its cycle which served to remind that perpetual motion, even under strictly controlled conditions, is still a fool’s dream."
"They made damn fools out of us, Mr. Bishop."
Damn your stars. Susima's mother is King Bindusara's favored queen.
Fucking dead!
You were killing the Clutter family.
It's too safe to die.
"Ma, I told Sydney she's more than welcome to freeze her own head when she dies, but mine is being cremated and scattered at the nearest Hooters."
Maybe it will put some meat on those puny chicken arms of yours.
You think I would let some psychopath run off with the cure?
"Damn, girl! That's what I'm talking about."
You see there is no reason why even a little porker like this... shouldn't be able to take me straight to the mat.
"My folk were frightened,"" Morgause said, ""and no doubt, those fools of Gwenhwyfar's ladies shrieked and shouted as if the world were coming to an end!"""
"Fuck, you didn't drink enough."
What kind of loser I am.
Also stinks like something crawled in there and died.
The point's white. - Neighborhood alls around it is black.
Where the hell is this maxson?
"She takes the goddamn thing, gives you a quarter."
You killed my brothers !
"All right, well, if he didn't kill Tommy, who did?"
Jerk? What kind of a way is that to talk to your friend who gives you money?
You called a 7-year-old a bitch.
"Gets a tyre iron from the garage, comes back inside, locks all the doors and windows, and kills them in their sleep."
I was a fool to bring him here.
Put it in a tank of urine.
"You... You got three fucking seconds, a'ight?"
'Now you are vampire.'
The chest-shot woman went down like a sack of grain.
"So you called my thesis a fat sack of barf, and then you stole it?"
"Cyrus, a beast of a man..."" ""...cannot outrun the memories that..."""
"His humor was emaciated, a mere wisp of its former self, but it was clean and gay."
All the excitement drained out of his face as he realized that the Weyrleader was a very sick man.
Why are you so bloody useless?
"So long, sucka."
She submerged and permitted the current to suck her into the tunnel mouth.
And we'll depose her together.
"Damn me, we'il risk it."
I went fucking crazy.
"No, this sucker's electrical but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of electricity I need."
I kind of liked having a stick *** poking in my ribs again.
"God, what the hell am I saying?"
"Kidnapping me is one thing, but you killed Cleveland!"
"That ""The Negro does not belong."""
Rip him apart!
Did you fuck her in a sexual way?
I'm just so goddamn stiff.
"Gladys, rags by their very nature are dirty."
"I am through hearing your pathetic sales pitch for this so-called cabal, Skull."
Gentlemen. this is the Bandit Queen.
I dreamed someone was raping me.
Who cooked this damn steak?
"Still, if these morons were on their own, the Dendarii fleet might not have to get officially sucked into their morass after all."
The gloves are girls. - Balls!
This is bullshit.
"Drizzt watched him go, thinking Zak's strides reflected his desire to kill."
You think that I enjoy spending my time with vermin like him?
"You could if everything was still where it was yesterday, sucker. Spidey, you got him?"
Your vote has just killed everyone.
"You watch the goddamn line, McClung."
He won't even try a bloody bullet catch.
Screw you and your health codes! I am the bride's sister!
"OK, OK, killer."
Felix? What the hell is going on?
"Oh, really? Then explain to me why last night he had sex with a girl who looks exactly like me."
"I mean, we can't... because pussycats are mean to butterflies."
Do you know that Dre's motherfucking ass has not been to this place since we moved production?
"I'm fucked, and it's all my fault."
"But you go putting things like that in my meat box, or even my meat cache here, and you cook your own damn grub."""
Because you may be the best damn girÉ in Texas.
What the hell do you think?
Faggot. I told you we ain't so polite around here.
"Wait a minute, first you cut off all your hair -"
Tracy has organized a protest of NBC by his fellow idiots.
Just shut up!
Not right in the head A girl mad as birds
And I was shooting it when it happened.
"Fuck off to America with your ""appropriate"" fuckin' Barack Obama."
Half-ass gats you're buying off the street barely scare the clerks at the 7-Eleven.
I always feel bad when I watch it baked... 'cause I get really hungry and I'm eating a lot... and poor Gandhi is... fucking starving his ass off.
"I don't hit her with a stick, I just have sex with her."
"But now that I know you, you are the hot piece of ass... that I wanna spend the rest of my life with."
You ain't shit.
They sit around talking shit about how they used to off-load with shovels.
Then later watches Griggs' wife try and kill her own kid?
It's to be possible? the guilty being executed.
"He was taught English pretty good in school in Japan, but they never taught him to cuss worth a damn."
"I never saw a circle of such hateful faces; and there was the man in the middle, with a kind of black sneering coolness--frightened too, I could see that--but carrying it off, sir, really like Satan."
You're making me do the whole fucking thing.
"But irregardless, I should've had immunity to all of this shit."
We sidled up to the greasy plates of the hull as coyly as a hotel dick getting set to ease a hustler out of his lobby.
Can you wipe this shit off?
"He's the size of a house, with a huge pickaxe!"
Down on the fucking floor!
No. Shit.
Hang him.
You're still fucking hot.
Turn your guns on our command ship and open fire.
I'm getting inside you.
"Spedra is a medicine used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction (sometimes called impotence), when they cannot get or keep a hard penis (erection) sufficient for satisfactory sexual activity."
"For after the soon-ers were brought back for trial, his job then would be to collect every glaver living east of the Rimmers-and slaughter those he could not catch."
"I did not get the goddam map out of your fucking pants, man."
"Next time you piss me about, you'll get a visit in the night."
I never want to see either of you again!
Everyone just shut up!
"You know, I'm wearing your fucking shoes right now."
And that stupid Rishi won't talk about it..
I swear... ...if they put one foot in my boat... ...I’il wrap them in concrete and dump them in the harbor.
"Fortunately, women our age are invisible, so we can really get away with murder."
I've never been with someone who wasn't circumcised... ...and I wanna see if it's as gross as she says.
Ls that a fucking date?
What the hell do I care?
He's a liar.
I knew them when they were nobodies Thank you Thanks Screw you!
And you're running around feeling sorry for yourself screwing every woman in sight.
Killing someone up close... ...someone who can't fight back... ...that takes a different sort of killer.
It sucks that you have to stay here for spring break.
Parents are supposed to be lame so their kids have something to rebel against by becoming cool just long enough to get married and have kids for whom they are lame.
To shoot through kevlar vests.
"No, embarrassed like when you got caught fucking your cousin."
You think these buffoons can help?
We were so freakin close and We let some idiot who wasn't Even smart enough to put on
How you know that shit's true?
I thought we could go away somewhere crap.
You ran to another fucking country after Mom died.
Your dad is so hot.
In the tech lab are code monkeys.
Our suspect is an ex-con... a felonious monk.
"For all their weapons and their cleverness, all these arrogant people would tremble."
"Come on, you fiend!"
"""Damn it, Dura, you've just witnessed a battle, immense beyond our capacity to comprehend."
"Yeah. I may not have friends in high places, Ray, but I've got 'em in the fuckin' used car business."
Shut it!
What the fuck? I didn't touch that girl!
"You want silky hair or not, for dung's sake? - Now."
"Tempting, but I like blondes with big, fake tits."
Maybe you a drug mule.
Look at this poor freak.
This is stupid!
Those mob fools want you gone so they can get back to the way things were.
"You're horrible, Paul."
"Bullhorn: If you want to feel paradise, simply drop your drawers and screw it."
He was a cripple in this environment.
And he torched them all.
"Sir, what we do now? kill him?"
And... ...if you betray me... ...you will end your days on that rack.
"I'm sorry, Mickey, but unless I've missed something here... you've just led us up shit creek and forgot to pack the paddles."
And when I disobeyed... he got filthy drunk and he beat me.
He will tear you to shreds!
"You're human, Kay... join the bloody club."
You are here because you are weak.
I hoped you were dead.
"Mnh-mnh. Maggie, your mom is a horrible influence."
Are you two lesbians?
"Don't do any of this shit, honey."
I ask you... how can you fuck the only people who ever cared for you?
I can't believe standard practice means you don't make one single goddamn phone call to the person whose name is on the account.
These are so ugly.
There is a sudden spreading pancake of warmth on his ass and he realizes he has just shot the chocolate.
What the hell--this is your family.
"Shit, I'll take one."
"Humans and their stinking steamboats, they have kept the skills, pretending to share, but not really."
You're a cruel man.
"Dog: I mean let's stop the crap.. I know what you mean, over the hill where the deer and the antelope play. and it's warm and clean and we can relax and have fun"
I'd be dead if you hadn't come back.
"Remember, they'll stab us with sodium pentothal?"
Except for the bitching and the drama.
"But, gosh darn it, it's the only way to run a family."
"Katrina said she didn't break it, but she's a liar."
"Out of Kick-Ass and Red Mist, who do you think would win in a fight?"
You know what the old witches round here were like.
"There's a light filling the OMC chamber, and it's coming from this brain . . ."""
Death ! - Clesius Marcellus Klump.
Using a baby like a goddamn poker chip.
"Yeah, lacked the use of a fucking horn."
Zack is an insane guitarist.
Get off me!
We've got a witch!
"Like I said, we're looking for a homicidal granny."
It's fucking destroyed him.
"You know, if they ever go past that picket fence, they're gonna get fucking carjacked."
You're the crazy chick from Alaska who tried to kill my uncle?
"""A,"" I don't have a clit, so, technically, I wasn't rubbing anything."
"I don't think he'll be back, but give me a call if you see him... or if you remember something that isn't totally idiotic."
"More people are gonna die, a lot more."
Hang up a white flag.
Will you die for me? - Yes!
"I might pumice my feet or go to Bren's Unitarian church, maybe get hit by a truck full of hot garbage juice. All those things would be exponentially cooler than going to the prom with you."
CIRCLE OF SHIT
"You are not such a fucking saint, are you?"
Other husbands are just as clumsy.
"They would force Wulfgar to relinquish his claim, or they would kill him at once."
Those bastards killed Francois.
"You really are quite the romantic, aren't you? Fuck."
"That really stinks, Daria!"
Nobody fuckin' move!
"You just vanish down some Nico rabbit hole, and then you pop up like a freaking Jack-in-the-box asking for my help, and for a patient?"
"Assholes, second time this month."
I'm late because her office gave me the wrong fucking time.
What's the easiest way into this hag's place?
"I'd like to suck on this candy cane, but it smells like Dad's feet."
Don't you fucking dare say that.
"If I had known that shit earlier... man, I'd have been stealin' monkeys... since I was, like, seven and shit."
"Shoot, my brush. -Yeah."
Killing yourself is not going to bring her back.
"You're a weak person, but good."
"They all... do whatever they do. Shoot up, whatever you call it."
"You could let through the decent people, and push the bastards, the rich bullies, the wheelers and dealers in people's fates, the leeches, the hangers-on, the brown-nosers and courtiers and smarmy plump devils in expensive clothes, all those people who didn't know or care about the machine but stole its grease, push them into a smaller and smaller compass and then leave them in there."
I want you to apologize to my wife cause it's what's right and my kid too. He saw the whole damn thing.
"Joey Brennan was fuckin' alive when I left him, so you can't get me on that!"
"You lead with venality, lies, corruption."
Is this a fucking joke?!
"Damn, being married to a doctor Jack thought."
Lucky fucking Andy world?
"Salvati and his goons have put four people in the hospital... ...and if somebody doesn't stop him... ...the poor bastard who owns Russo's is next. - Wait, wait."
These little bits of brain in here.
Everyone's gone crazy.
"That was typical of our attempts at humor, at this stage of the journey; they were always very stupid, but sometimes they made the other fellow smile."
"I ENJOYED FUCKING THE SHIT OUT OF HER Now it was this line his eyes fixed upon, not wanting to leave."
"Speaking of shit, I have to clean room eight again."
"""Here's some rubbish cheese for poor people."""
"Well, don't look at me like I'm fricking Frankenstein."
Buy yourself some medicine before you die on my damn hands.
You're gonna explain to them how upset I am... ...and they better get off their asses and start fighting soon... ...or they'll go back to being a bunch of banana eaters.
Preston is a cyberdog.
"Usually, this is where I come up with an excuse to get you the fuck out of here."
"""You horrible woman,"" she said, through gritted teeth, ""you don't care, do you, anything for a story, and anyone will do, wont they?"
"if we fly in there we create a shitstorm, and the whole treaty will collapse."
Do you believe you have the right to recycle your dead brother as if he were part of some sick vanity project?
"You're like a goddamn cruise missile... targeted on making it, and you will."
"You can'tfucking leave now, Frankie?"
"God damn it, Hubert."
You're lucky I don't punch you.
You brought Vicente and his thugs into our lives.
"Okay, well, just eating out and doing the damn dry cleaning is costing us $600 a month."
If I were you I'll die when my husband decides to get a concubine
"""Damn it, man,"" Muub said, not unkindly, ""how do you expect them to be able to pay?"
I didn't know she was alive till we damn near knocked her down.
None of your fucking business.
He's got fucking blood all over me.
"Wretched peasants, put aside your cares and feast on the succulent flesh of the roast munchkin!"
I know how you kill.
"My bird's fryin' her ass out there in the hot sun, Theodore."
You sure that jackass is Gen. LEE?
Don't let the bugger bite you.
"Well, the agency caught him looking at porn on the computer. - Oh, gross."
"Even that stupid do-gooder with the dumb-looking cat had to admit, everyone would be better off if maw maw went home."
How God must have hated them that they should be tortured so!
I said your hair looks stupid.
"Could be that he's a poor listener, or that he doesn't have a head."
But how in hell do you imagine you're going to have a child... ...by a man who cannot stand you?
"What I just saw is not leaving this brain anytime soon, that's for damn sure."
"The truth is, he can't wait to get rid of you."
Where's a damn phone?!
And made some vermin friends.
They'd go out to Homeland Cemetery and urinate on your grave. Shit.
"All right, guys, time to put you fellas back in the wall."
To shut you up.
"Crawl out of my butt and help me look, please."
"Cut off one head, two more shall take its place."
Bomb your children!
Or B: Keep acting all Brody and I'll put one in your chest. Or C:
Then you're a fool to have let yourself be brought here!
"And I was laughing my ass off at something funny she said about the pachyderm diorama, and this little kid taps me. He says, ""hey, Mister."""
Get out of my face! - Go get a job! - Murderer!
"Keep practicing those lies,Jiminy."
"Anyone can keep his mouth shut and look wise, citizens; only someone willing to appear foolish in the pursuit of his duty can actually be wise."
"Inbred swine, more creature than man."
"Did you take the chicken, Léon ? -Damn it!"
He's borderline psychotic.
That prick's been dodgin` me for three weeks.
"Now, I know you're a goddamn lawyer!"
You want to take a shot?
She could die.
That shit don't count.
"I mean, we're bumping down a dirt road, his targets are like 200 meters out and he hits exactly what the fuck he's shooting at?"
Get off of me!
"Satan may like to make a fool of god, but god will have the last word."
"you're as guilty of victimizing women as they are. and you would have left me here to die. that's why we gave you the gun. to protect yourself, just in case something happened to us. hold tight, betty blue."
From the corporate rape
Mostly because I don't like being the cream filling in your oreo of bitchyness
"Only the goddamn nuns call me ""Edward""."
"We find rat feces, you find a new job."
'Reckon there'll be a damn sight more than two thousand.'
Why does he have to be so damn nice?!
"Under the sexual arena of earthly delight, there lurks a deadly pit of socks."
Did you just kill... my new wife?
"There comes a time when every Smurf must stand up... Watch it, you little hoodlums! For what is good and cute and blue in the world."
It was also black.
And allow yourself to be beaten bloody by a bunch of thugs?
Follow procedure so you can cover your asses.
Dropping mom bombs.
"""Hot damn!"""
"Why don't you take this sourpuss out for a walk or something, all right?"
"First, you must kiss, caress, and suck my three buttons with all your love..."
"Gone to his head, Sharpe."
As a little girl she used to tell me that I sucked it off when I was a baby.
"Appropriate men are so boring, you know?"
"""The guards should have silver bullets."
That's fucked up.
"That's because you always sleep till noon, silly."
You sound like a bloody woman.
Ooh ! - Bitch went down !
Damn those indefinite answers!
"He is the degenerate.. But he is cowardly, there are lot of such."
What? How the fuck did this happen?
"They dragged me in the bathroom, p-put all this crap on me, and kicked my ass."
What the hell are you doing?
"Don't worry, I'm fucking flying here."
"The owner's son and the delivery boy, both pathetic."
The studly rack of meat or your loser ex-boyfriend?
"What kind of junk are you on, Mike?"
"God will crush himunderneath your feet...."""
Finnish soldiers! The capitalist exploiters are turning the blood of soldiers - and the tears of your mothers and wives into gold. Wipe the capitalists and their officers out of Finland.
"The government said a vaccine was going to be available soon, but most people seemed to think that was crap."
All they think about is sex.
"Jaga, you sound like a beaten dog, whining from a distance."
"I'll teach you to blow, baby."
Shot him.
The world is our oyster... and we're gonna suck that bitch down with a champagne chaser.
"Please. Damn it, you gotta call them."
Jimmy is on the wrong bench. Crap!
You give me crap for being Chuck and you went out with a Bruce.
"I don't know, find some other way to make these people go nuts."
"Throw it, fool!"
You girls want to get more fucked up than you've ever been in your squeam little lives?
Are you talking shit about the family?
"And he doesn't pity you, because you are crap according to Kant and Hegel."
The girl with thick lips put out her tongue again at us.
Stop being an airhead!
"She said she was dying because they give you better food if you're wicked sick like that, like Beefaroni or microwave pizza or some shit, so..."
You pull this shit every time I see you!
"Because you're pissed because I fucked you... because you like men... orthat maybe this turns you on, is that it?"
"At the moment she spoke, he was standing behind her, arms around to her front, just beneath her breasts."
You're not as much of a turn-on as a submissive mistress.
I wanna have a good fight with the Japanese.
What we are dealing with are intelligent machines. Programmed to kill.
"There are boobys here, too."
Get the fuck out of my car!
"You, victim of humiliation, hatred, and crime."
No wonder we kicked your ass in the gulf -- aah!
"I told her the damn truth, and I'm not ashamed of it."
"Looks like a bug was in his brain, sir."
"""Thet's the kid sister of the woman I wanted!"" he ejaculated."
What the fuck?
"""Although what possible use the soul of that wretch can be to our people is best known to yourselves."
Mostly she does crutch and wheelchair people... ...but I bet she'd be willing to take a shot... ...at whatever Third-World demon is running around inside of you.
My shirshu can smell a rat a continent away.
"Drop the bombs, then we'il burn our way out."
How do you like how that shit works?
Just play it like you fucking mean it.
"You helped me win the iron throne, now help me keep the damn thing."
That poor cupid.
The King of Qin should be dead three years ago.
"Baby, it wasn't the Cubs' fault when that douchebag grabbed the foul ball either, but they still don't get a World Series ring."
"Cheaper, anyway. Straight into the brain, dead."
"And for the record, butter is an excellent lubricant for your rectal exam."
Another one of your entertainments to bore us to death!
You're in there hanging with your homeboys... ...I'm dealing with the fucking messcalled our life.
"Look, you've got your choice to make... Destroy your marriage and break your husband's heart... or have sex with me right now."
He'll go in the back and throw himself on a sword.
"Oh, shit."
"Well, whoever it was can't draw, cos his moustache is rubbish."
If you don't make a fool of yourself - if neither of you do - it tends to even out.
Proof of your obsession with Ms. Barnes and the ludicrous conspiracy you have concocted to explain her death.
Or he'd be dead already.
Want to fuck up the system?
Get off me!
Great job buddy. Crap.
"Screw you, Maltz."
Say the ugliest thing you've ever thought about me.
"I know he is but the newspaper made such a fuss, the major wants us to jerk him off, just to say we did."
Pigs are nicer.
She'il die before she tells you anything.
"I hand out blades. An hour later, some poor tart gets her face sliced off."
Hit him.
"At first that had been a problem, maybe the first real one of Steve's adult life, but for some reason he had stuck with it in spite of his fear of fucking up and being lynched by drunk cycle-wolves."
Shut that door!
"A bullshit number on the paperwork to the courthouse, Marlo's cell number on the tap itself."
I'd rather be a prisoner there than your lab rat in Montana.
"Wait, wait, wait! It's coming back to me, looking at your fucking face!"
"It sucks being the boss, don't it?"
Screw what Laura...
Did you have sex with his mom? - Yeah.
"You always hated my guts, you called me a crook, but you didn't know shit about how the world works, or what some people will do for money."
"Can't stand that women are smarter than men, yeah?"
I can cut you.
Russians. They are so dark.
"And, if you don't want to eat 'em, your ex-girlfriend will shove them down your throat with the help of her hunky new boyfriend."
Rash on your neck. Probably not enough for Cuddy.
"But I suppose when it comes down to it, a woman is weak"
Hairy nosed wombats.
The next you're throwing it all away on some young piece of ass.
"I'M NOT BLUFFING, ASSHOLE."
Fresno. You’re a real fucking hero.
He said she look like a dang ol' meatball with hair.
Can't wait to leave this mountain and raise some hell!
"Add that to the fact that the seller is exposed as either a patsy or a crook, and the reputation of the authenticator is ruined."
The first time you sell a gun is a lot like the first time you have sex.
Holy shit there's two signals.
I have been consumed with the idea of destroying him.
Otherwise You may become a cripple.
You know what I don't get about gay marriage? Two things.
Brooke's gonna be the devil.
Middle of the damn day?
Why don't you stop this shit and come out?
Where's the fucking gun?
"Whoa, shit. What number did I just dial?"
A fucking pound!
Where the hell do you get off calling Senator Dallo directly?
Sex is serious business.
I'm getting out of that hellhole.
"They're looking for another loser to sneer at, so that's just what you give them."
"The fucking boss did, or his brother."
You need me to shut up.
"What's up, my bitches?"
"I must cut away the poisoned flesh, or you will die of it tonight."
Shit. We're stuck.
I fucking lost it.
Of course I wanted to shoot her the moment I saw her.
You look as awful as you sound.
Have sex with anybody you want.
I'm not taking your fucking money.
"Listen, I want to delete you."
You will get eaten by rats!
"I not fucking kidding, man."
Ma is a bait fisher... an expert plunker of worms.
"Real freak, that one."
"I mean, I was homely. Skinny. Flat as a pancake."
"You'll die if you just stop,"
The Sci-Fi Club is not for losers!
Get off me.
You are naive.
He may be a genetically programmed killing machine.
Lab rat Carter at your service.
"'I just phoned him and told him, ""Salsa's for pussies."""
Inject it in your neck when you pass the official border.
"Good news, monsters. You are getting out."
Its really shit when your pride stands in the way of your feelings for the only woman youve ever loved.
"""You're a sorcerer,"" she said accusingly."
"Now, you can stay out here and freeze to death if you want or you can go inside, I don't really give a damn, it makes no difference to me."
"Of course you had sex with her, Harry. And I'm sure she rather enjoyed it."
Juárez is the world's biggest producer of sex crimes.
"He's a broken down, half-dead old man."
But you start shit with Andre and you're done-- okay?
"I would love to help you, but I don't know what the fuck you're talking about."
Doesn't mean she has to suck my flaming face off. I don't see how you're going to win any contest if I'm not there.
We have orders to shoot.
Norma was kinky.
"You're one of those hungry, restless types that put the wind up Caesar, men who stab their friends in the back."
I hated that dog.
Holy crap!
I love a trash can.
I got a candlelit date lined up with a hot piece of Puerto Rican pussy.
Offer him ten thousand orphaned girls and the smile will never leave his ugly face.'
"Unless, like Randy Waterhouse, you had such a shitty job that you couldn’t afford a computer."
Or I will crush someone.
This time you fucked with the wrong shrink!
"He was even shorter and skinnier now, bereft of both legs and both arms, all his hair, and his left nipple with part of the pectoral."
"Everyone knew the switchblade would never leave Cowboy's pocket, and we doubted that Hank, dumb as he was, would be stupid enough to attack him again."
"What the hell are you doing out here, Fred?!"
Forget that oak-tree-looking fuck.
It's totally deserted ever since those dorky kids were dismembered.
"""I hope you choke on it!"""
"Yes, black, and wait."
It's a mental suck.
Where the hell is his body?
"You want me to be crazy, is that it?"
"It would stop that madman, all right."
"Everybody's on my ass for the drinking, but I don't bring that to work."
"He's like, ""If you guys get nailed, which I'm pretty sure you will... I've never seen you before in my fuckin' life."""
"You're insane. Well, I hope I've helped you change your mind about going to Jenna's tonight."
But your status as a Nazi killer is still amateur.
I got some shit to run by you.
"Well, I've lived in this world a long time, and I'm proud to say that I haven't learned any godsdamn lessons."
You don't want to have sex with me?
"This one's short, that one's tall, this one's gay."
"Snyder, did I order you to shoot?"
What the hell was I to say?
Do I look like I can afford a fuckin' ropin' horse?
"Now as then, she took his hair, yanked back his head, grasped him with her sex and sucked the last drop of loathing out of him; until he fell exhausted on his side, and rolled over on to his back."
Watch it! Watch that damn truck!
"Listen, I ain't saying a fucking word."
"We'll cross at night, just like your attackers."
He's incinerated.
"You look like hell, and I should know."
"Shit, I don't know, man."
What kind of army would linger in such a place? One that is cursed.
Get the fuck outta here.
Where the hell did we get this guy?
"You have to say ""with Johnny Carson,"" not the nitwit who's on there now."
Disgusting.
God damn right I know your name.
I thought you'd cut him off.
A thousand years ago... you would have slain them on sight.
Destroy the Vatican with the Light
Stuck his penis to his belly...
Where the fuck is he going?
"Well, what happensif she hates your guts too?"
Throw her into the pond!
Maybe I should've left your ass in jail.
"Hey, look, it's Dumb and Dumberer."
I do look pretty dumb.
She said ladies get knocked up and bake babies in their stomachs for 2 years till they spurt out their 'vag-eye-ners' with blood and tinned spaghetti.
You take us to Golders Green and we'll give you your second blow job in five years.
"So, a former friend of yourstries to shoot up the place and kill people and you feel bad about it?"
Their hands are gonna get more and more bloody.
"Instead of ""shit"" say ""poo"""
"Solid move, padre of the year, shitty fucker!"
"“Shite!” he said, taking Tick Raw's favorite word for his complaint."
The story vividly portrays... the misery caused to innocent victims... By the ignorance or selfishness... of individuals infected with syphilis.
It had to be you. - Damn it.
"You're like a bee at a damn picnic, Marie."
I watched my father work his ass off while your scientists held back just enough information to keep him from succeeding.
"Well, I'll be damned... Barney Stinson."
You'll come back and we'll have the same fucking conversation again.
It was a crack baby.
What the fuck?
"Listen, dear, there are four or five universities in this bloody city."
"Oh, bugger dinner."
Rings are stupid.
A cheap carnival that celebrates greedy and trivial humans.
It's long pig.
"Damn straight, you shoulda listened to me."
Garner was a really awful President.
"Come on, bro, let's blow."
"Like, okay, like, I kind of feel compelled to call you a bird right now and throw my glass of water in your face."
Goddamn maintenance fees...
"And if I'm gonna die, I'm not gonna die a virgin."
And then we'd see which plane the Rycarts of this world would put their bloody kids on!
"""Don't be a jackass."
Let me just come in and fix the damn window.
"Why, because wolf boy's tired of you life-sucking him whenever the mood hits?"
"“Shuck it,” Alby muttered, looking back down at the girl."
Okay. He... he does make the ladies crazy.
"I figured after one whole year of being shit on, I'd get hit by a bus or something and never get a chance to shit on the next bunch."
I wanna make you cum.
Is this nigga crying?
I'm gonna blow your record to smithereens.
He's a big narcosaint in Colombia.
How ridiculous.
Not pig-stickers like you want me to make.
It's hard to believe she was once twice this obnoxious.
What the fuck?
"Then you just upended the bottle, or whatever it was, and damn everything."
Open you mouth so I can swab it.
You wanna be inside me?
Taliban comes to africa.
"""Hoping to fry my brain to death I smoked some primo crystal meth,"""
Check this shit out.
"You don't have a goddamn clue, do you?"
"If you were taken hostage, you would've fucked up everything."
What... the hell?
Get your damn boss on the phone!
"Oh, shit. I got to shower."
Your mouth is bleeding.
This is the goddamn way!
"I don't know what the hell you are talking about, but all three of you need to leave."
"demonic voice Your faith is strong, but your God is weak."
"Ah, God damn it, it's completely broken."
Just little mental ticks.
"Please, please spare my life."
"We cannot have such inept chess players in our employ."""
"Yeah, that's because I'm saving the best jerk-off story for last."
"""I think it sounds stupid,"" Garion muttered darkly, glaring after the knight."
I just want my shit.
"Is that what you want, God damn it?"
"Are you in there, piggies?"
"Crazy, yes, but not particularly surprising."
And l-- And I remembered your mother... ...and that pathetic little pharmacy they have there... ...and how you always used to complain how understaffed they were.
"She wouldn't go, and she was right; she was a dirtier fighter than he was."
Here are two hard asses ready to take charge.
Shit I'm out!
At least you look like a two-bit pimp to me.
We don't give a damn about her.
"So Mike, shit like this does not happen in this city."
"Hey, a ransom? Last thing we need is more dirty money."
Didn't I fucking tell you to do something?
"I can't keep some asshole from calling him a retard in a supermarket, so what good does it do me to control my feelings?"
"I owe no favor to you, goblin."
Dump her in here!
Messing with that damn machine again.
"Well, unless it's a psycho-killer possessed by a demon."
Tell gingerskank to go fuck herself and then forget I called.
"""So there are people who know how to resist the whores?"""
"You jig, you amble, and you lisp, and nick-name God's creatures, and make your wantonness your ignorance."
Sarin seems like an odd choice for a murder weapon.
That's pretty damned funny.
"Yeah, that's what I've been jerking off to for the last 850 nights in a row."
Throw her down!
"Damn it, he knows."
Just get the fuck out of my house.
Holy shit. And other places that provide service to the public.
"I know, but the upside of having a boyfriend with a psycho mom is that I've taught him to be the type of guy that someone like you would want to be with."
Get off me.
"No, no, not kill us."
"Well, it's an interesting combination of elements,... ..making him a... tough little son of a bitch."
He hasn't shit in two days.
Because whatever you choose to call it a thumb has a fingerprint and the one you sent had the wrong fucking one.
"Oh, well, that's because, as always, The wife is the source of the issue, Leaving the husband blissfully ignorant"
"Don't throw shit, Ronnie. Come on."
"I may not be your dad But I'm the guy who's in charge of you tonight, So you can cut the divorced parents crap."
I don't believe in drugs or coffee. Damn.
So I worked my ass off at s.u.n.y.
"Even if I was a mincing, limp-wristed gay... ...I wouldn't tell the whole city about it."
"You're dead to me, David."
"Okay, listen, This is gonna be hard for you to understand, But unless you let me go, that nurse is gonna die."
"You don't think I'd let you marry that beast, do you?"
"If he did that, then-- You die."
"Come on. Now, eat! Don't think you got all fucking day here!"
On my bloody wedding day!
"He... said that Dad was the reason I was screwed up, basically."
He was robbed of a bunch of imaginary crap that's useful in a make-believe place.
"Hey! Can somebody get their ass in here, please?!"
Your mother never looked lovelier.
"She was a huge, shapeless mass of quivering flesh."
I think we should get naked.
"I said to get out, so get the fuck out!"
I gotta get you racing again so I can make some money off your ass.
"She really needs some support, or a stranger's tongue down her throat."
"But you know... In my life, a lot of bad shit happened to me. And nobody ever helped me with it."
"But the point is, the man is totally irrational."
Drown him in his own poison.
I start next monday. cut the crap!
"Damn it, I was just trying to..."
You a liar! We are here to find Ricky Tan.
But he had said he would kill someone.
Girlfriend - punch her.
So whoever those frogs belong to May be the killer.
Otherwise he'll let the children die.
Mom and dad would kill you if there wasn't a photo of you in your graduation get-up.
Now you can piss off out of here!
He was paid more than enough to keep his mouth shut and die quietly.
"Father of Incest, may we be damned"
Turning humans into an army of werewolves is bad enough.
But they gotta cut my belly open.
Because it's where they used to keep prisoners before chopping their heads off.
Are you fucking my sister?
It still smells disgusting.
My co-founder just died in the bed of an underage black whore!
"You called me pendejo, you fuck!"
And here we are sitting here like a bunch of lazy paraplegic cops. - Huh?
"You're going into a battle, you have no strategy, no armor, no bullshit?"
"Someone like Hong would probably slit our throats, but now war is declared things have to be done according to custom.'"
"Wow, your car is so dope!"
"""Whoresons; men don't steal women and leave them for the rats!"""
I could whip 'em both right now if I wanted to.
He'il destroy you sooner or later!
"You're shot, man."
Shoot her!
"Ricky, come here. Those are man-whores."
I'm pissed. I am not gonna die like this.
"Yeah, you'd need a whole 'nother garbage can for the bottles."
I throw them in the trash everyday!
When did you become so baby crazy?
I don't know how to get in front of this shit.
"""Caesar must die."
"Stop the bullshit, Mrs. Green."
Stay the fuck in the car.
I'm gonna go hang it in the break room.
"Likewise, Che could kill with a shrug."
"Call me crazy, but this smells like a heart attack."
Why would Jackie risk coming back into the country - to kill a high school science teacher.
"Ernie, Ernie, shut him up!"
Hey ! How's the maniac ?
"God, I burnt my fucking snatch!"
Shut up and listen to me.
That horrible lodger of her.
Let the ass-whooping begin.
We'll show these old bastards who's tough!
"What, are you out of your mind?."
That's what I am. What's this between your legs?!
You haven't had sex yet?
"What are you waiting for, you wretch?"
"Oh, more pussy than a toilet seat, man. I shit you not."
Goddamn it!
You liked her enough to have sex with her.
"How about public executions, huh?"
"Actually, he's a chipmunk."
Moral of the story: resist the urge to have sex in front of an open laptop.
You gonna take a shot?
"But first we had to get the crowd to part for us, and she began to call people in our way ""capitalist fats"" and ""bloated plutocrats"" and ""bloodsuckers"" and all that again."
"Now, get your sorry, lying ass out of my face and make sure I never see it again!"
It strikes me I've made little mention of myself during the twenty years of Marilena and her bastard son.
You will! I could cure you!
"Come on, Billy... let's get out of this piss hole."
or else from sorrow you will make me die.
"I know you're probably gonna think this sounds stupid, but I don't believe life ends when you die."
"You gonna have to put a harness on them little suckers, honey."
Like a monkey ready to be shot into space.
This man has no previous history But now seems to have a mental problems.
How are you getting on with Henry's damn fool tests?
What's the fucking hurry?
"You know, Scott, this is why I knew not to partner up with you, because you are a self-centered jerkoff."
"I'll kill her first. And good luck trying to find someone else to run the business, by the way."
"""It's a damned silly ceremony,"" said Montgomery."
"""That's pretty damned cruel,"" said the officer.."
"Her face was gray, her eyes ghastly."
"I can't sleep lately, my clock is fucked!"
Damn it! I hate Mondays.
"You're a smart man, but you are awful at reading people."
Throw them out the airlock!
Who wants to do shots off my abs?
Close the fuckin' door!
Come here...let me drown in your bosom.
"Well, you can bloody stay there, then!"
"Apathetic or Renegade, make your choice."
What the fuck is that?
The nonsense and folly of people stepping out of their rank.
Get down on the fucking floor!
"Jesus fuck, Ben. Everyone in Chicago knows who Sy Berman is."
I'm not so foolish now.
What the hell?
I warned you he was hardheaded.
She has cuts all over her genital area.
But I do know one thing: Dick's ass is grass.
"Oh, shit. What do you want with me this time?"
"If she had any insanity in her it was invited, a streak of lunacy she was pleased to entertain."
That thing is a killer!
How come every time a hard-working Chinese man open a business some smelly Japanese dog tries to come and invade him.
He has a prostate problem.
"I sent my man for you, you and the girl must disappear."
"I don't care if your turn-ons are chocolate or vanilla or rocky road, but I do not like that man."
"Well, I bet you can play the shit out of that harmonica."
Get rid of them all!
Fuck or fight?
"What, so the damned may escape or the devil himself?"
The same guy who saved Palermo's ass... ...when that sniper had a beadon him at the stadium gig.
Harvey Dent's most-wanted scum bag collection? Or the sweet and innocent civilians?
And how old were you when you first had sexual intercourse?
"Kragar once asked me, when I was feeling particularly mellow, if I enjoyed killing people."
"You're highly educated... you taught science to kids... think about it, Roshni, use your head... how can you believe this nonsense?"
I hear the girl that kicked your heart in the ass is walking the streets of Toronto again.
So you don't know what the fuck is going on?
"Do you believe this shit? –We got any communication established? –I requested Hostage Negotiation, sir."
You know why you're gonna die?
And what about that boner?
And your weak ass attempt at the sixth card.
"Sprinting frantically up the long sun-seared slope, stumbling over a grave marker, then over another, regaining his balance, he charged on, as though in an animal frenzy, in a blood fever, gripped by the need to be there when the woman was brought clown."
They don't wanna but there's some shit in their case and they'd rather not show it in court.
Just a few ugly guys on a crappy ship.
This means not ass. I do not.
Even took the fuckin' kids' PlayStation and my mobile.
You knew he was fucking with me.
You fucking beauty!
"I hadn't seen a typed personal letter from my wife in all the time we'd been married -- if nothing else, she would have considered it shitty etiquette."
"""Hey, the U.S. Secret Service would cover this place with over a hundred trained agents—shit, maybe more—plus try to get intel on every hotel, motel, and flophouse in the area."""
You're having sex with your father?
Like that you killed them.
PIGS Transport by rail and by road All pigs must at least be able to lie down and stand up in their natural position.
"You know, given that I'm in a bit of a personal crisis and I find myself in a total stranger's home in a town that I can't actually remember the name of and considering that you showed up and you're, like, insanely good-looking and really drunk and probably won't remember me anyway, I'm thinking we should have sex."
You are going to get me in a lot of fucking trouble.
"What'd you do, raise a damn flag every time you stopped for lunch?"
Buying real estate in a college town is a pain in the ass.
"Marco, what the fuck is this?"
"But if you're gonna screw me, I guess it's only fair that you call me by name."
"Lobster thermidor is coming up, and I am going to have to murder and dismember a crustacean."
"Run, Kick-Ass! Run!"
And I am hideously insane.
"Yes, yes, kill them. - I wish Istvan were dead."
Cut the crap and play.
I've had the worst fucking morning.
I suppose then you should sit the fuck down.
"How come he's always humping it out, while Price gets to walk around in three-piece suits, hobnob with movie stars, own a bank, that type of shit."
It feels like a fat man's sitting on my uterus.
"Yeah, if you call selling cars in Temecula a happy ending. /Temecula is not /even motherfucking Fresno"
"Damn, he's good in a crisis."
"Ramirez shoved his asp into one's mouth, so hard the dull tip showed through the back of its throat."
'YOU SUCK!' she screamed.
You're a mess.
Shut up. Let me talk.
"Nolan, kill the lights."
"She's a professor with a promising career ahead of her, and then all of the sudden, she decides to become a phone sex operator."
If it wasn't for the music the whole thing would be ridiculous!'
"In a few minutes I'm gonna be having a cold beer, and you are gonna be on fire."
Place the scalpel at the base of the throat and carefully make a slit all the way down the front of the frog's belly.
Get off of him!
I will see count Dooku dead.
"And in the hysteria, the whole conservative movement portrayed Clinton as a depraved monster who had to be removed from office."
When the whole time you knew this crazy Murphy character was going to bomb New York with nerve gas?!
"Actually, when I had my purse stolen it was me that wanted to punch the guy."
But I dream of being an effortless lady-killer.
Crazy for askinh you to hive me a hand !
"I need her: she's brilliant, a real bitch!"
What the fuck? I told you not to tell anybody.
"And if I'm right, just saying her name could get you killed."
"Well, I'm just saying that... that these psychos are the only reason this place ever stays open."
"AUTO BOHEMIA, spol. s r.o."
Just a random uglier in the shortest dress ever.
"Oh, I gotta take care of my drunk, hysterical ex-wife."
When are you gonna start doing something with that big brain of yours?
The way you do that is to stop insisting that Walter Collins is not among those boys killed up at that goddamn ranch.
One more time and I'll have you removed!
Why are you counting erections?
Give me the bag. -Hit me.
He is so tragic! You look like a horse when you laugh down your nose like that.
That way if they want to rob our asses they ain't gotta look all over for the shit.
"Wow, I thought she became a slut after she got her nose fixed."
"You can do it, you old sausage."
Or maybe you killed someone.
"Oh, fuck!"
You know how shit I am with these things.
And who fucking has to clean that shit up?
"I mean, it was pure dumb luck that he left them in an dead-end alley and they were shot-to-shit just two minutes later."
All the shit I went through.
I'm fucking starving.
She'll say it's my fault For choosing a disgusting lifestyle.
Holy fuck.
May Allah strike the eyes from my head... and the flesh from my bones if I break this pledge. In the name of Allah.
"He'd had all he needed of the physical; felt hot and cold, sexy and sexless; fucked and fucker."
No more clowning around for you
That's our hanging victim.
I've a crew of Lascars who try to make a fool of me.
That's Winston. He works here. - Damn!
"Listen, we all know that you're scumbag and nobody cares about you."
He feels sure that they will bring these scoundrels to the...
You've gone through so much crap and you still haven't learned?
Get the fuck off me!
God. Fuck!
Pinkerton high has a strict zero-tolerance policy on drugs and that goes double zero tolerance for taking drugs in a freaking principal's office!
"There's other people here, or don't you give a crap?"
I get that. But I really thought I was going to fucking die in the car back there.
How long did you think I would be your lapdog?
"Hello, Fascist."
"Soon enough those eyes would turn piggy and black, or red, and gaze upon all humans with murderous hate."
I bet you it's those Omega Chi douchebags who set it up.
You have got to be shitting me.
It was a fucking great.
He killed her.”
if the name written then she'il die in heart paralyse
At least have the balls to call this what it is...
That guy was a short hair away from pissing himself.
She was savaged.
Get out the fucking way!
"But I got shit I got to do first, so... you're just going to have to come with me."
"Now tickle me under the chin, mistress."
The hell?
Let's get the fuck out of here.
"Came with a whole story about how I'm Harvey's mother and what Harvey wants to do to his mother, and that story was bullshit."
All fucking town knows about it.
"Well, look, I know that it's silly, But it's... You know, like,"
Brobdingnagian monstrosity.
"I traveled far to erase my painful memories, but like a fool I'm still where I was."
Only those who carry the witch blood will be safe.
"Did you practice sadomasochistic games, degenerated erotic games ... strangulation, wives, violence ...?"
You woke me up at 4:00 a.m. To bitch about my mom?
What the hell have you done?
"I'm gonna piss on it from a great height, mate."
"Put aside your differences... ...and find this madman, whoever he is, and stop him."
"I don't know how I stole it, but it was at the crib, and everybody... Badass niggas'll, xhibit'll tell you I had a school desk."
This is fucking brilliant.
Lt'll be laughed out of fucking court!
"Shut up, Sickan."
"Tarzan's ass? Well, maybe I could finagle it to take hot air."
What the hell do you know?
Did you tell them to piss off?
"Shut it, Vagn."
Who the hell is this woman?
Then they gave her a shot.
I guess they've had sex.
"Seems as if the girl's unhappy, living as a lap dog in luxury."
Instead of sweating our balls off in the desert with Coach Shit-Shit.
Because I feel likeshit and you care about me.
"We're fags, right?"
That's a goddamn lie!
The human mouth is a disgusting place.
Ike told you to keep your mouth shut.
I saw Yao Fei choke you to death.
Fuck! So Mateo's my father.
"""Jubal, you're chicken."""
O'Neill belongs to that evil reptile Billsborough.
Let's go jump him in the parking lot.
She is apparently two year porn star.
You just think you know everything with your psychobabble bullshit.
Think I was gonna tell a bunch of strangers that a high lord tried to grab my cock?
"It's intravenous penis medicine, and you're very shy, so we have to get to the nearest hospital."
Milking a dry udder gets you nothing but kicked off the milking stool.
No wonder your sex scenes are so steamy.
I'm sick of my friends.
Who knew that being bloated and bitchy could actually come in handy?
"Great body on her, but a waste. Frigid."
No one gives a shit about those things.
If you could live again would you still be a transvestite?
"Well, they're a damn sight more interesting - than British kings. - Mm."
What in the hell is a Swatch?
I couldn't rape you if I wanted to.
"In fact, you look like shit."
I think he's gonna die - He's gonna die
"We're in Bangkok, bitches!"
"“I came home early, planning to tell you, but then you told me about your mom and I thought that was enough shit for you to deal with in one day.”"
And you shall be punished.
"Katy and me wearing those silly matching dresses, standing on the seats, looking out at everything, pointing at this and that."
"And from the decks above, a cheer went up... ... both gross and black,its stench affronting heaven."
"But this way, we have twenty kilos of pure, uncut, Colombian cocaine. CHARLES: Holy shit, yes!"
"Gytha, a witch doesn't know the meaning of the word ""failure""."
"And, in a few weeks ago, I fucked up again, in Budapest."
"Over in rhe Projects, close ro your woman."
Everything was a fucking lie!
Behead me and take my head to the Lord of the Owari.
"I didn't get one word out, and she's smashing me over the head with a frying pan."
What the hell is this?
"Damn, I'm forbidden by my Kryptonian father to do so."
"Chicks in New York, they'd pay big money to smell like that."
"Oh, I fuck your glowing sun."
"He untied it; inside was a man's leg, the color of a rotten vegetable."
"Redneck chicks so drunk on moonshine, they'll think I'm Leonardo DiCaprio, and you're Kumar."
The baby is likely to die Unless they cut open the queen's belly to release it.
They're lucky the only thing I broke was their fucking windows.
"Boy, you're tougher than a doggy dominatrix."
"The gaunt beast watched the man with hungry, mad eyes."
I've been through a lot of shit in my life.
Me locked up somewhere or dead.
"Hard ass and bad cop, Bones."
I can hold you until your wife's body turns up.
"I mean, a real hour, not one of your ""let's stretch this out till 2:00 a.m. you might as well stay and have sex"" hours."
Kill him? Aside from rick carris and any of his crew
"Camille, I'd love to see you in the moonlight with your head thrown back and your body on fire. -Okay."
"If you try to get past me, I will tackle you to the ground."
"And don't lie, or I'll tell Jennifer Connelly that you're the one who's been mailing her those dog heads."
And now he won't even let me have a fucking dance!
"""I cut the pig's throat,"" said Jack, proudly, and yet twitched as he said it."
He's horrible at sports.
It's like a pack of hairless ewoks.
He looks like any jerk listening.
"Yeah, helping him collect his shit."
He's a little mousy.
Helpless in the hands of a drooling lunatic.
Now let me ask you this... you think shame would end when you cleared the fucking camp?
You gonna write me a shot?
"You, gunslinger, are the Hanged Man, plodding ever onward toward your goal over all the pits of Hades."
Shot at point-blank range in the forehead.
"It jumped around and was about to leap back up at him, when a blur flashed off to the left and a suited foot kicked it square in its crabby ass."
She's sending me to the slop.
"I've made a terrible fool of myself, which isn't unusual... ...and my fiancé..."
"You know, the usual. Some president, UN official, American politician wants to talk shit about the military industrial complex, wants to stop spending $600 billion on a war with no fucking end, well, whether it be 1963 or now, they intervene."
How'd the fuck did he get out here? Get out!
"You'd fuck me, wouldn't you?"
It's a fat one!
"So I told the big, black stud cop that Danni was a damaged little girl and how much it pained me to see her this way."
"I mean, we're the same people that were living in Roman times... ...throwing boiling oil on each other and crucifying Christians."
Will you two shut the hell up?!
Fuck off...
"Puff it up your nose, nigga."
‘They are cursed creatures who only look like men.
"Hendon Mags, we went in there all wigs blazing, we killed them, all of us walked."
Please do not let it be a letter from that ninny Jane Fairfax.
Racist!
"Back up, mom. Fuck!"
Vice President Frito took eight wives and had a total of 32 kids thirty-two of the dumbest kids ever to walk the earth.
Just to get this one fucking guy.
Why not say it to my fucking face?
I want them strung up!
"You're a grown-ass man calling your mama, asking for money."
Mr. Sifftifieus says we Americans must lead the world's ignorant masses.
Tell Ricotta to finish off his brother.
"No shit, I'm a fun character."
I've fucking had it with you.
"So paint some crap, and we can sell it."
"Yes, and so am I... ...so get your behinds out of here and go to bed."
I know where the fuck miami beach is.
That one's sick.
You're no fucking fireman!
You work for a fucking senator.
It looks stupid. Come on. We're trying to win a contest here.
Dick. -How are you?
"He told you you were crazy, right?"
She's pretending to hate my guts.
"It's a giant, smelly horse. I figured someone was already taking care of it."
You don't give a damn about peace!
Your life and watching you live it is like a gag reel of ineffective bodily functions.
"if he doesn't come in five minutes, You will die."
"Yeah, I'll crush their systems"
"And if he doesn't, that fat slug can get word out the bangers got something that doesn't belong to them."
You dumbasses have to play four square 'cause you don't have iPads!
And it was hard for several of my family members To see my son on there with his gay partner.
"If your kids come here, they'il be miserable in four different languages."
"Charismatic, with a little flair and shit."
Get your arse here before I finish my drink or be prepared for a very long famine!
He's gonna leave the rest of us alone and he promises not to destroy your brain as long as you give him access to the wormhole technology in your brain. ...
Nobody gives a shit about Thousand Oaks.
"And you think these aliens could be back with a new virus, originating from Independence Hall causing rich successful men to have sex with lots of women?"
"I don't wanna play anymore, Sissy."
"Couldn't wait to be shot of us, I imagine."
"Then again, there was always one clown in every group."
"I went on for months, it was a total fucking harassment."
I will not help you kill Robin.
What a rotten name.
"Hey, chief? Someone's stealing your handkerchief full of crap."
This woman is making him weak.
"Well, the four jerks that were hitting on you before, they're in the 12th grade, and they organize the summer prom."
My daughter is crazy and it doesn't matter?
And a fight that started out about leeches ended with a threat to move in with her father and my face on a punching bag.
What subject is more important to you than your cuticles?
"Yo, Shaft. I'm gonna put so many lawyers on your ass... you're gonna think they opened a branch office up there. Lawyers?"
No one will be wearing fucking ties in 20 years' time.
"You know, she ain't pretty as she used to be... and she bitch a whole lot more than she used to... but she white."
"Uh...Dick, I think I'm..."
"But Momma, homos not ones who raped me."
Luca Brasi held a gun to his head... ...and father said that either his brains orhis signature would be on the contract.
"I'm very disappointed in you, knucklehead."
"Madonna, I did not teach you how to insert a tampon."
Damn right I'm gonna invite you in!
Making all of our work Useless
He told me that the terrorists are desperate enough to kill if crossed.
What the hell are you doing?
"It was also going to be embarrassing when the innumerable excretions were shown, and the sexual scenes would be downright intolerable."
"Is he a king or a man of straw... blind to all, save his own grief, and sick in the soul?"
We got this goddamn chair re-stuffed.
"What the hell you think I've been talking about, Mick?"
All that was left for her is to sit and watch her body decay while her brain atrophied.
"Screw you, I'm no snitch!"
"Stephen, what the hell is wrong with me? Nothing."
"Damn. Stupid, rotten job."
Relax. You don't have a brain tumor.
"""Then I'm a fool too for marrying you."""
"Say you want to go to Central Park, play with the ducks. You're shit outta luck."
"Blimey, you're burning up."
Some midlife crisis bullshit?
Are you still talkinh about that weak-ass hround ball?
"Curse your sudden, but inevitable betrayal."
It really shits me.
"Well, at least I'll fucking be alive!"
What the fuck is wrong with you?
TURKEY SANDWICH! Damn!
It says... even if he WAS gay he wouldn't fancy you.
Get the fuck off me!
I killed a trucker.
I need a poop transplant?
"Put up or shut up, Mr. Hooke."
To hell with the Hegen Hub.
"If you were playing football, you would be dead!"
"Don't cry, I hate it when girls cry."
Foy fucked up again.
"Well, thief... ...I smell you, feel your air."
"I cast you out, unclean spirit, along with every satanic power of the enemy every apparition from hell and all your legion, in the name of Jesus Christ."
I'm trying to cram more of George Schaller's gorilla book into my fat head.
"Then she pulled a goddamn Keyser Soze on me, and like that she was gone."
"Those are hell hounds out there, Dean."
The frak are you doing? Where are you going?
"I even know where you wanted to take her on honeymoon, you stupid fuck."
"Ugh, it was a group of very catty women."
We have to keep everything battened down until they find that crazy guy.
It's sad that I have to do this knowing that you and Kim stabbed me in the back.
I fucking knew!
If she's on her way anywhere it's to tie herself to a fucking tree!
Shit!
What damn army?
You don't have to send him again either and watch him screw up.
"No, no, it's a horrendous piece of shit."
"She is a ghoul. Now, tell me exactly what you want."
"I mean, I can get in some serious shit if someone finds out about this."
She ought to be melted down for razor blades.
All this for a fucking cop?
"Get this shit straight, coach."
So I figure the smart move is to try and patch things up with her before she shoots her mouth off and accidentally gets me killed.
Try a Philly station or some shit like that.
"Here it comes, he thought savagely, this is how bloody fools like Keith Mallory die--and then all of a sudden, and unknowingly, he relaxed, for his eyes were still on Andrea and he had seen Andrea doing the same, the huge hand slipping down unconcernedly from the neck, empty of any sign of knife."
"And I never steal nothing over $1,000, because in New York that shit is a felony."
"That's funny, after 20 years, I'd think you'd be used to me slam-dunking in your face."
Don't be a dork!
"He had a ton of questions about my championship dancing skills, and it turns out I don't know the first damn thing about dancing."
Just tell your fuckin' story so we can get out of here and smoke this.
Her mother's heart attack'd mean less to her than Lady Sylvia's farts.
Probably hanging herself somewhere.
"How could I? I mean, the poor guy looked so pathetic lying there."
Dirty business.
"Unless you were some sort of cow. Oh, no."
That old clown was really good.
"Why the stupid grin, Lyle?"
We want to get in the shit.
I thought you don't fuck.
We could be on a fucking hard drive in China.
"Give me the fucking tapes, or I swear..."
It must be damn Bulten.
Death is the option.
"We have to play psychologically, because they will kill us physically."
I'm sorry about that stupid outfit.
"You really are out of your mind, aren't you?"
"You've been in the garbage again, haven't you?"
I fucked up your wedding.
"Combo's people, his ma, grandma, cousins, everyone was all choked up and shit."
"Sorry, fellas, but that stupid cow scared the fucking life out of me!"
"Next, while she was washing your shirts you were washing her brain."
"'Cause as far as I'm concerned, you're just another crazy with a gun."
"""You break into my brain... ""but you're no ordinary criminal."
"I could just as easily break 7 little bones in your hand with one good squeeze, ok?"
Voodoo's a religion. Slaves brought it to Haiti from Africa.
"We've been at it 8 hours straight, shut in a goddamn morgue."
Raise your hand if you just saw some titties.
"I ain't the smartest coach, but I bust my butt and I outwork smarter coaches."
"And if that happens... from this day on... any time your kid leaves this house to go to school... go play, see a friend... to buy a fuckin' comic book, you're gonna have to ask yourself:"
'What if I burp in his mouth?
I ate every damn one.
"""Garbage!"" said Cordelia, disgusted."
"Sorry, but your old lady would turn us both into chum."
We're finally gonna get to meet the man of a thousand vaginas.
Jesus. -Fuck.
"That cat could be where he belongs - in hell, being chased by giant mice."
Do you want me to cut you off?
"Look, it's all a big fuck up, okay."
He'll be dead by then.
"You're fun to fuck, but that's it."
Juries don't like filthy dirty hands on Bibles.
"Friends help friends have meaningless sex, okay?"
I can hear their fucking bombs already.
"Now, you ever walk out of one of my practices again, and I will kick your ass off the team."
I run a house with 50 crazy bitches.
"Yeah. And now that you're done mopping the floor, get me a beer, killer."
"It's her social security number, asshole."
Blow to his manhood.
She's fuckin' dead?
He'salways bitching and making trouble.
You've killed my boys.
I suck at this.
You bullshitting me?
Et-gay ehind-bay im-hay!
In years to come... I think thatJenny will be famous... for... sex.
Holy fuck-a-moley!
This man she had married was not stupid.
Get your ass down here.
So I decided to dump you.
Crichton: Some kind of crap has frozen up in the fluid drives.
"I mean, the truth is, I fucked up."
"So, yeah, I am gonna flirt, and I'm gonna put my hand on the asses of pretty women if it makes them feel that our show is the one they want to throw millions of dollars at."
"""Words."" While you've been dicking around some fucking company golf tournaments, I've been out in the world givin' my word... and backing it up with action."
Get off him !
"Scored some shit at that Chinese restaurant. Next thing you know, she's overdosing."
I not gonna kill him!
"She hasn't been around much, she's been spending time with Mr. Tall, Dark and Stupid."
"You have a weakness for black women, Oliviero?"
"Shit, we've got to get something for the bodies."
My clients want young girls... not old hags.
"Eat my dust, racially stereotypical plumber."
"Later, after my Master holds intercourse with you, you will be set free.'"
And if you know Beaumont... you know there ain't no goddamn way he can do ten years.
"BELLA: Shit, I can't reach the. . . . . .and I was awakened to laughter by a gaggle of giggling girls."
"""Are you going to shoot the defenseless Sun?"""
But when your children are dead and their children after them... ...your name will be lost.
Why don't you get your butt off my mother's couch when you say that?
"When I say you're a gangster, you are one."
"I was waiting for you, silly."
"Even in the twilight of his eternal youth, the old man was wicked-smart and roguishly handsome, a glint of the devil flickering in his beautiful, undead eyes."
"Instead of, ""Oh, I just shot my dick head!"""
Stop this idiocy!
"Yeah, that part's true, but your father was king shit narco jefe numero uno."
You dare haggle with lord Atrocitus as if you were a stinkin' lop fruit vendor?
You are so rude.
"Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep."
Three million entries on how to exterminate them!
I'm not asking you to be... a rat.
There'd be nothing but jungle... ...then a glimmer... ...then you'd be dead.
"Don't bullshit me, Stan."
"Ahem... Now, you'll have to forgive my civilian ignorance."
You don't give a crap about me.
Did you just have sex with that guy?
"Dude, I kind of heard that you tried to kill yourself."
Bullshit! It was a family business. I'm not family.
"Goddamn butcher, I know he won't do it tonight."
Staying here is goofy.
"The jerk who's yanking on her other arm stretches out like he's on an invisible rack, accidentally slapping one of the other guys in the face, giving that guy a nice dose of juice to the head."
You want me to batter the hell out of you?
"Don't say shit, man!"
You give him your fucking words to print on your fucking machine!
"And your poreless skin and get out! okay, you're crazy."
"God, your breath smells of stale tights!"
General Hospital is pre-empted by some stupid hostage crisis.
I'll knock out that wall.
"I think she killed him, took the insurance money, and got the hell out of there."
"Why don't you go live with him, polish each other's medals... while you're protesting the damn war?"
"And this nigger took her to the Grammys, nobody said shit."
I don't tell you hurricanes suck even though it's true.
"Well, I sure as hell wasn't gonna bring it up before sex."
You are one weird chick.
Hate to see you choke.
The little one stops to suck his thumb.
Would you like it if I nailed you by the ears?
"Humpty, fuck! Let him go!"
I want everybody that doesn't belong here to get the hell out!
Show a little fucking respect!
"Inane, laughing, grin on his face, like a lunatic."
Shoot two!
Everything is rotten here.
"All them years on an inquiry, they still don't fucking know."
Time to pay the rent... arsewipes.
"If you took the view that you were not going to do things because they were apparently ridiculous, you might as well go home right now."
"Rosalyn, you would sentence your own maker to the true death if it served your political agenda."
"You're not supposed to be here. - Yeah, well, I just looked for the biggest shit-hole bar in town and there you were, Beau."
I'm not stopping until your fur is singed off.
I don't need the goddamn headaches.
"Hey, what the hell?"
You want me to tell everyone on that ship that they should expect to die?
"You're sick. Steve, you've only got one sister."
I think I work better on women I've screwed.
Shut up about stuff you don't understand!
"It's definitely semen, but it wasn't her fiancé's."
How many people are you gonna kill before they put you away?
"""Perhaps I would if your mouth wasn't laced with drool."""
"""Shut up,"" said Jason, ""and put your bells on."
"Eat it, you damn sinners."
"Whoa, sorry to interrupt this little... thing you've got going on here, but are you absolutely sure we didn't have sex? Yes."
"Fuck Sally, I'm worried about my father."
RON: You'll get a licking if you're late.
You said she didn't suck you off.
"You've seen them holding bobs, hands characteristically gathered near the crotch."
"Wow, I guess the neighborhood went to crap while I was gone."
I don't know how the new one will be... ...but'il never be worse thanthat freak there with his tape recorder.
She is probably out partying somewhere or slutting it up with some guy.
You and I both know them Iranians was terrorist.
I could almost feel the shudder that ran through her frame as she looked at my hideous face and deformed body.
He was a brilliant and subversive little shmuck even then.”
"You're like a fucking pitbull in a dog fight-- you dig in, you don't let go."
Your poor mother carried off in childbirth.
"""Your brains did get frostbitten."""
"Back in the lab, it went to black."
Where the hell you guys been?
What the hell is goin' on here?
You don't owe me shit.
"If he should die, open him up, Doc."""
"Gross, acting as Agents, and A."
"Level every building, kill all the people, leave only black spots in the desert."
Guy was a scab.
"Bill, look away. I'm hideous."
"The allies I suspect, would be more amenable to a truce... if we offered it to them before they get to fucking Berlin."
All Lorn had to do was lie low and the demonic killer would pass out of his life forever.
Did you have sexual intercourse with all of these men?
"Michelle, on the list of things I expect to kill me mercury poisoning ranks well below liver failure, struck by lightning and heart attack during sex."
Our defense is a goddamn joke.
You're a bully.
"Daddy's a bad, bad man."
"I so badly wanted to tell them - he's not fucking another woman, he's in New York fucking you all!"
This here is suicide.
"I will hunt him down and smoke him out of his foxhole, but I actually think he... or she, or zhe..."
And take your bastards with you.
"Shot to hell, blood all over the seats."
"Face it, he doesn't give... ...a rat's ass for this girl. She's just live bait... ...so King Cobretti here can cut a new notch."
And then when I... I fired up t he monitors... ...and when I saw what was still fucking going on... I blew the external vents and Isealed myself in.
"Keep your promise to the Emperor, then smash Asano."
We don't know what the hell to expect in these damn rice paddies.
See those bad asses over there?
"Because he's a SAM, a Smart-Ass Masochist."
That he’s sentenced to death.”
Why don't you Get off my ass?
Are you shitting me right now?
That's just white as hell.
You should've shot them.
Because he'il light up the fucking night.
Will you just for once... ...not use as the excuse for not marrying me your goddamn career?
"Their bodies were ashen-hued, which in negroes indicates paleness."
I hated that guy.
"His hypothetical Yank counterpart would probably demand, at this point, a complete explanation of prime number theory, and when it was finished, denounce it as horseshit."
"There's no black,come on."
"Once I blow Julian's head off, I figure Joshua can take care of the rest."""
That I'm back from the dead because I'm a witch.
It's ridiculous.
"A month ago, one of the night shift guys got caught fucking Mrs. Hebert who's in a coma. He just got a raise."
"Now, I want you to remember... ...that no bastard ever won a war... ...by dying for his country."
A real louse.
We may get one shot and one shot only.
"Yeah, well, where I come from, any sport where you can't use your hands is for pussies!"
Break his goddamn hand.
"""Me, I guess I'm just a screwed-up cop."""
"Your name, demon?"
"""I wish she were my dead lover, instead of only my brother's dead wife."""
The pigs are sent for slaughter between the end of their ninth month and their 15 th month.
"Oh, damn. - Yeah."
"That's nasty, dude."
"I see you again tonight, I’ll crucify you.”"
Shut up!Do not come over!
A fat chick?
They used him to fuck us.
Thank God. Let's get rid of this shit.
"My wretched horse-boy, himself claiming Talmudic knowledge second to none, sneered at Jesus, calling him the king of the beggars, calling his doctrine Ebionism, which, as he explained to me, was to the effect that only the poor should win to heaven while the rich and powerful were to burn forever in some lake of fire."
I'm sorry for being a Dick.
A child whose destiny would be to seek out and kill the greatest evil of all:
Start thinking gay.
"Because if there's a God, what the hell is he waiting for?"
People might mistake you for a bloated corpse
Guards!
You bite me and I'll bite you!
"I can't protect you from Clay if he finds out, and if you go to jail with them knowing you're a rat, you'il be dead in a day."
"As one person, what could you do? - that this fucking world grows by like 70 million people a year."
He's laying on the fuckin' ground.
"I... I'm cold, I'm hungry, and I'm tired of you gung-ho mother-fuckers pretending you got this shit under control"
"'Oh, my dear, I wish it were so, but I'm afraid - MUNDUNGUS FLETCHER, I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!'"
'There's a nobleman in Cimura who needs killing.
Black's good on you.
"Oh, shut up."
You are so bad.
"Here, piggy pig-"
"Oh, fat-cat owner of a whole bunch of restaurants marries the Colombian hostess so she can never testify against him."
POP IDOL HARUNA YAMAGUCHI
"Hey, yours is gonna kill mine."
No shit.
"And, personally, I don't fucking care."
"Hashtag... ""Mellie has a big fat mouth... "" - Leave her alone!"
Let me tell you something about dick thompson.
"Don't bother me, tits."
"Sildenafil Teva is indicated in adult men with erectile dysfunction, which is the inability to achieve or maintain a penile erection sufficient for satisfactory sexual performance."
Thank God your grandmother never woke up from her boob job to see this.
"The financial genius, generous, the philanthropist? He's such a phony."
Why would any man want identical whores?
"Look, I don't know shit about Mexico."
"What, you live in a fucking cave?"
Are you insane?!
This is fucking unbelievable!
Help me cut him loose!
"Yes, he was... and it infuriated him that ignorant people inherited land... because the United States recognized Spanish grants."
"I'm having a really interesting night, and you look so much like this guy Dirk who took me out and then had sex with me at a theme restaurant and then never called me again."
Leonard's lactose intolerant. He can't eat anything here... ...without his intestines blowing up like a balloon animal.
"We're going to get Zatoichi ourselves. kill the man who cut down the boss, and we'll be the talk ofthe province."
You're still getting punched in the face.
"""Normally, we would send such dross to where Jijo can recycle it in fire."
"I know a Jew can get hanged from a tree like a dog, should he lie to a master."
Get in your fucking room!
"Damn, it's nice to meet you."
"Yeah, maybe I will... ...and then maybe I'll use yourthick skull and knock a hole in the wall."
An abject cockroach!
Wihat the shit are you talking about?
The devil has your balls.
The casual acceptance of the gay... has hastened our demise as a species.
"No, damn it, I'm not. I'm giving you an order."
"It's just fucking rumours, mate."
"I'll miss you, meat bag."
I'm bleeding like a son of a bitch.
"What are we gonnado, just fucking leave him out here?"
She's got a bomb.
"Why were you standing there, staring at me like a zombie?"
"Here you are, a debonair man of the world."
"We're not going down there, and if you come any closer, we'll just jump you."
Throw it!
"Zoidberg, I'm gonna put my boot so far up your cloaca, you'il be..."
What the hell kind of soldier are you?
"You're saying, ""Fuck off."""
"Irene Adler was here, Either that, or the ginger midget wore the same Parisian perfume."
We kill the competition and get their other products at a discount to market value.
"He said, assuming I exercise reasonable caution I can have sex again."
You break Your ass forthe white man!
"I mean, even if you don't give a shit about Dana, she is the one person Brody will reach out to if he ever reaches out to anybody."
America's most wanted is dead.
‘Business must be bad for you to approach one so ugly.’
"It has been suggested to me that acting techniques could improve my lecturing. At which, if certain tweets and blogs are to be believed, I ""suck the big one."""
Doug wants to stab things.
I'm not fucking telling you.
"Most likely you'll know our son, Dick."
"“Shit,” he muttered."
This vacation sucks.
Or would you rather have me drag your ass back to Sona?
What the fuck...?
You limp-dick Neanderthals!
I have been waiting for four Goddamn months for this opportunity!
"Nick, stop fucking around."
I'm going fucking crazy.
Tell your little busted-ass homey I'm looking for him.
"Damn my eyes, he thought, I could figure several ways to pull that trick with the right equipment but I'll bet none of 'em is the right answer-and I don't see any equipment."
If you don't want to save your own silly neck...
I'm about to die of cancer.
Throw him in his cell.
"Have you ever had sex, ezra?"
"Let us now, make it abundantly clear... If you hate life, truly hate the sun, and need to smoke and drink coffee, you are goth."
You want me to talk dirty so you can get yourself off?
Like a dumb animal!
Sit in your coffin and rot.
"I'd offer you my place, but at my 4th of July party, you told my landlord to suck it. So..."
"I don't want to hear old sad bastard music, Barry."
"But, damn it, she made me feel more alive than I've felt in 13 years."
And then I slice him port to starboard!
What the hell do I know about robbing a jewelry store?
Mike's always screwing around like that.
Are you suggesting I kill my career before Hannibal can kill me?
Yeah. You want him dead or alive?
"If we can get proof that she's abusing her badge, then I can expose it and you get the monkey off your back."
Don't fuck with me right now.
I'll get it! Bullshit!
"Then one of us is going to have to have sex with Ted, and... not going to be me."
Burning until the stars go dark.
"I'm going to give it to you, you're gonna destroy it."
"You've killed three people, son, one a DCI from this nick."
"He said, ""No problem"", pulled a prisoner out of the line and shot him on the spot."
It sucks how early I have to work.
"Damn it, Ortiz."
Let's get out of here before the animal gets back. Oh shit.
The one that... that drove me into your goddamn loony bin.
"Burny just stands there, vacant . . . but with that nasty little grin lifting his wrinkled old chops."
He's the only one who can cross the pain zone without having his brain fried.
What y'all trying to do to me and shit?
"I will save you, mistress."
"She's sick, she about to die."
"You can be a... ... slob, yes."
He looked down at the recumbent thief.
"But if they're Central American, I'm a goddamn Chinaman."
Poor fool clearly needs a hobby.
"God, that is so sick."
"It means if you must be Mike Lowrey... ...I don't give a shit,that's who you'll be!"
"If this environment reflected the temperament of the Black Adept, the magician was vile indeed!"
"You thought you lost us, motherfucker!"
Nobody then would have called him a sissy.
"I even smile at another woman, it means I'm screwing her."
Now I'm bussing in kids from all over the city to witness the horrors of teenage sex.
"Oh, hell, Pumpkin, I wish you could drive... go to Harvard... go out with that bitch, Carolyn... but it's just not in the cards."
"The best places to give yourself an injection are: the front of your waist (abdomen), the upper arm or the front of your thighs."
"Stop, thief!"
I don't know what's going on here but I'm just a little bit concerned... ...about the numbers of lunatics on this trip.
All the kids were sitting around the dorm dishing the... shit out of their parents.
Every damned one of you .
"Well, you know You could say that life itself is a stupid tradition."
I forgot to thank you on behalf of His Majesty. ...for vanquishing Captain Victor Stagnetti. tell me how did you defeat the bastard.
I fucked my cousin's friends.
We got the beautiful and the damned.
Kill the lights.
"Er, I'm sorry, sir, it's Nigger... he's been run over."
Screw your heart and your head!
Are you trying to fuck with me?
That's your little girlfriend.
You'il be waiting a long time if you expect that rat to come to anyone's rescue...
Enough to get him killed.
He ran out an assfull in the middle of the night.
"Hope you get smart, eat their hearts someday."
Please tell me you're gonna get naked.
"In prison, a favor can get you killed."
She screwed Klaus.
"Now, damn it, you force my hand and then you question the way I handle it."
You just fucking take... ...and take and take.
"I say, ""Goddamn!"
"Yeah, maybe even our killer cannibal himself will be there."
"Billy Grimm and his wack jobs are always spouting some nonsense, like they're revealing secrets to the universe."
Why are you starting your shit?
"If you start to strangle a cat, finish it off!"
I may have the gun pointed at her pretty head but I can't be sure l can stop from pulling the trigger.
Get the fuck out!
“Won a hundred dollars in a crap game.”
This is the first goddamn thing I would ask you if you showed up on my front step as Casper the Friendly Ghost.
I just burned him.
I never do business ... in the presence of ... ... the female gender.
She'll despise you.
Relationship? I ain't got no relationship with your ass!
"This is a small world. Somebody that knows my mother see me in that shit, then they..."
"anything happensto my guy,oskar, I'm loading this gun,and I'm coming after you."
I could've dressed for it. Shut up.
What the hell did you just say?
His voice was dull and dead.
"I don't know when the hell they'll fix your truck, but I'll get us home before we're seen in this piece of shit."
"We have positive proof that it was none other than the treacherous French who have been sabotaging our great race, just as they and their stinking European allies have undermined and destroyed our great national economy."
A fucking normal life.
"Make it quick. I got a live one tonight, and I totally fucked up my face."
"And if there's even a slight chance that I can save his life by shutting up, then that's what I'll do-- shut the hell up."
"""say on Tuesday, so we can arrest your motherfucking arse?"""
That... that thief!
"damn! I should know these old stories, being a balladeer."
"Damn, I think I broke a nail."
HOT DOGS
"Addons - Remember my gay cousin, Erik."
I can't go to Zita's with her fool husband there.
"Without my bullshit, you're still waiting on lab work."
"I got nothing in common with these poseurs, kissing each other's asses."
You're aware that this freak ofscience you're negotiating with is a murderer?
But this just flat-out sucks.
Somebody wanna call a goddamn paramedic?
"So, did you have sex with her?"
You're fucking wet as well.
"I start talking about that stuff with a human, the fae get mad at me, and things start sucking."
What I didn't want was for her to be infected by all the crap that went on before Lance died.
You don't know no motherfucking Spanish.
"I have the juice to kick open this door and make you put your hand in there while I kick it closed again, and I'm gonna do that over and over again until you tell me which one of your guys murdered a Deputy Marshal."
A man who could be disgraced and decapitated tomorrow morning certainly would know.'
"Those who had crowded into the room, intent on violence, looked foolish and sought among themselves for a leader, someone to rekindle the comforting flame of rage."
Peggy'd be damned if she was going to let the Russians control the time and place of their confrontation.
"What the fuck ever, you understand? I don't listen to the man, but he's big, so I don't tell him to shut the fuck up, neither!"
"""I don't know which is worse,"" Sue said, ""the nonstop talking or this new nasty brat who curses and questions everything we say."""
"Deep inside he feels empty and alone: he reaches out, rests his hand on the ifrit's tumescent cock and, comforted, he sleeps."
"My inept attorney should have brought that out in court, but never mind."
Why did you invite such irritating and noisy females into your nice quiet house?
Mister... Jaroslaw Shitface. Sir!
She's made my life hell.
Sometimes I'm so dumb.
"Oh, that's so gross."
"I fucking told you, didn't I?"
Chippy was rehabilitated and Roo-roo is an asshole.
"Oh, my God. That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard."
"He's got this friend... this fucking Harold guy, who calls and makes excuses for him."
Can you two please get your shit together?
Don't tell me to fucking relax.
It's all because of that violent gene in you.
"""I don't know where the fuck it comes from."
A verbal diarrhea.
He used to take her to his mother's basement to have sex with her.
"We are gonna cut him up into little pieces and feed that shit to MC Shark, and post it all over YouTube. For reals!"
"You great big, lovable brute."
"With what Harry considered pure pigheadedness, however, Ron was unimpressed."
"Don't worry, Charly. If I don't survive, bury me right here."
"Well, you ruined Michael's life and his career, came after his family... damn near got him killed too many times to count."
Disgusting!
You don't even know what fucking day you work.
"Yeah, well, murdering your ex-wife will do that to you."
More death!
"Miles, that was your friend over here who didn't want you screwing where his daughter could hear it."
Just get the hell out of Shanghai.
Who wants to get bitch-slapped first?
Are you sure you have room for the two idiosos that burnt down their house?
And he'll always be a geek.
Don't shoot it. I want it unharmed.
Worse than a whorehouse.
It's too complicated for you To tell someone you don't like to screw off?
She's been trying to talk to you for months now and you ain't done shit about it.
Then burn incense before the Buddha
I hope you kept your ears shut.
"I mean, you're gonna crap in your pants, but you'll love it."
"'Oh, shit, then you're the one where there's this door only there's no floor beyond it and then there's these claws-'"
"Do you want to bet your fucking life on that, Roy?"
They're gonna sink the bill because the proposal is too fucking short?
Kiss your brother again!
Roll your goddamn window down.
Wretched queen... adieu.
"Pierre, Wendell, who was merely obeying the ancient rules of his trade, dropped in at 1 Nailhouse Row, and inquired of the grieving father how it felt to know that his daughter had been slaughtered like a pig and partially eaten by a monster in human form, Beezer had gripped the innocent newshound by the throat, unleashed a torrent of obscenities, and concluded by bellowing that if he should ever see Mr. Green again, he would tear off his head and use the stump as a sexual orifice."
"Then his thoughts drifted back to Pierce, and the question that Agar had puzzled over for nearly a year now: what was the damn pull?"
No! You bitch!
And where the hell are all the damn interns?
"Oh, the man was an animal- pure carnivore."
That you can spray your crap on a police car and get away with it?
(WHISPERS) I'm fucking her.
I don't have time for this shit.
He always complained about money and shit.
Beat her.
Lots of shit for everyone. ...daughters of the widowMonsieur Gremein and Gremein.
I don't care if you set me on fire or yell and scream... and talk about your dog or watch me while I piss!
You cocky polack!
"We got so drunk, we thought they was transvestites."
You screwing with me?
I'm too short to see a damn thing.
"'Fuckin Rip-Rip, out in this crap — I don't believe it,' Ronnie breathed."
"Spin me a story, asshole. What I do on my time is my business, sergeant."
Get the motherfucking hospital.
I'm not their goddamn servant.
The one you used to kill your half brother is at the bottom of the ocean.
"The cold fresh air coming in the back door had cleaned out the main room pretty well, but the stench in here was foul — shit and mine-gas and ether."
Four tops. I hate you.
"Oh, I brought your favorite dirty magazine."
"Really! If you fall in, you're gonna get eaten alive."
Are you a bleeding pacifist?
"Look at my fucking face, man."
You're a lech.
This is the real shit.
"No fucking way, Dawg."
I can erase you from history. As if you never existed.
"Guys, I, uh, I gotta go shoot one into the sink."
"I'll give you five seconds to start telling the fucking truth, otherwise I'll start cutting off this ear."
"Damn it, Laz."
You'll not get a fucking penny from me.
"That deranged ringtail, Julien."
What a dump!
Ogres are like onions. End of story.
Demon.
Are you a Cabbit?
She's going to die.
"Now, hit him below the belt!"
"It's called ""Eatin' My Shit."""
"""Sam, a bomb is going to go off in a few seconds,"" or was it ""Sam, the men that I hired from Turkey will open fire on you and your men after the bomb explodes""?"
It was just a dumb accident.
"I never saw him hit her with his fist, like Joe sometimes hit me, but once he stropped her across the legs with a piece of wet canvas sailcloth, and that must have hurt like a bastard."
Impudent boor!
Damn right he gave me the cart.
That's because my father was a weak-ass bitch.
My wife ran off with my dog and I'm drunk for a month and I don't give an ass rat's if I live or die.
"I didn't read the bitch's poem, but maybe she can really turn a phrase."
One more and I go crazy.
What a fucking nightmare.
And if your wife named your kid Henri and you wanna ignore that silent-H bullshit...
"Even with the lame-ass hand you've been dealt, you still give a crap about people."
By sending them into a fucking ambush?
DNA from our sex toys and the sheets in Coach's bedroom.
You know what I find particularly disgusting?
"We're in top 40 hell, guys. Shut up."
Terminate Cody Banks.
The black will disappear completely.
The only problem is the darn things seem to respond to police and F.B.I. frequencies.
All losers.
"All right, I'll shut the fuck up."
"Where'd you get these, a fucking museum?"
Someone with some goddamn vision.
"When I was your age, Maggrig, we had mounted patrols that scoured the mountains for scum like that."
And the only way guys like you and me can survive is to grab it by the throat and never let go.
Motherfuckers come straight out the Gulf War.
"Given all the other crap, winning or losing a contest like that meant zed, but even so, he wondered how he would have done."
"We all know the tater tots are selfish and immature, but I expected more from the macaroni."
Let's just fucking go.
"Right, and you killed the stripper. No."
Scared shitless isn't either.
She's sick in the head and it makes her want to hurt us.
"""Holy shit!"" he exclaimed as soon as he looked into the room."
"If it becomes too intelligent all the blood rushes through your brain, you lose your erection."
"I want to help you, and not because I like you, which so far I don't, but because I smell adventure, and, damn it, I want in."
"Yeah, like Paul's sick-ass goatee? Uh..."
"Daniel Frye, a waste of a human being, dies... your son lives."
Your brain is the only real you that you know—and the brain is totally encased in your skull.
Two more in his neck and one in his groin.
"What're you talking about, dammit?"
It's like kissing an alsatians ass.
Grace had sex with Jack.
"Duck your heads, 'cause here comes another number."
"For an instant, he really did look like someone admiring a brilliant, vicious, bloody practical joke at his own expense."
"""And they'll jump off the church roof and kill their selves."""
"He quickly restored his nose to its normal position and began pensively fondling his dropped chin, in the hope of seeming assailed by imbecilic doubt;"
You scared the shit out of those people.
"I never fucked up before, Bobo."
I have to act like a crazy bitch like this all my life?
"It's a shitty way to go, even for them."
"400 for a blow job, 1,000 all the way."
"Merrick, you and me are allies... marching into battle together, and aren't smart-assed... replies amongst allies a waste of fucking time?"
"You being happy really isn't a big priority of mine, since you stabbed me... 20 times... With knives."
"I need a goddamn report, Ladder 49."
What the hell is this?
I am going to rip you into little pieces
It was a fucking massacre. They had to bring in a specialist to do the kid cos nobody would take the job.
He stinks of treachery!
The only way to survive in this disgusting godforsaken world... ...is to take control.
"Ah, Ruthie, this dump is where your mother and I met."
"""It went off because the friggin' shit is radioactive, right?"""
"No, no, no. You got to hold out for five weeks, then kill yourself!."
"Damn, damn me."
"Willikins ushered in a small thin man in neat but threadbare black clothes, whose overlarge head gave him the appearance of a lolly nearing the last suck."
"What about my soul, you fink?"
"He doesn't need it anymore, he's dead as a dodo."
"Well, now, you ask again where Drew went, and then you threaten to kill us if we don't tell."
Nancy is insanely stubborn.
"He heard what he wanted to hear, 'cause if his grandson really is possessed, that means his son really is possessed, which is a giant step up from being a sledgehammering psychopath."
"""Of course I refuse,"" Brion said, feeling a little foolish and slightly angry, as if the other man had put the words into his mouth."
"Ok, so we should find Piper and then drown her."
And Sarah is a damned angel with these messed-up kids we see in here.
You people... ...Who spend a fucking fortune on therapy.
If the media fails to run this story and Remembrance Sunday is not cancelled... ..then the head of this infidel will be sent to his wife and child.
You're lucky I didn't haul your ass into jail for what you did today.
I fucking can't breathe.
"God, the English are a queer bunch."
What about your shit?
"Look, this fucking recording studio ain't big enough for all that personal shit."
"She was, as it were, dumb to him, rather distant."
I really feel like crap.
"Ridiculous number of piercings in his right ear, Including a gothic cross."
"Okay, you're opening upa little window into yourself now. Shut it."
"Exiled. By the evil Queen Bavmorda. Rool, you fool."
You're out of your minds.
"Owen's hand on him, touching him, passing on his filthy disease . . . and still daring to call him"
Go to hell! You should've gotten this together before you called.
"Damn right you're flattered, son."
That is a sign from hell!
"I keep waiting for her to have a heart attack, but..."
"He maybe made me realise that now we've got a little money for the first time and a chance to get a lot more, this would be a dumb time to find out who's fastest with a gun - us or some show-off that might be lucky even if he weren't good."
Let him die !
"You know what you should do, is you should find somebody who looks like Brooke, but even hotter and, you know, bang the shit out of her."
I know about the money belt and those Brentwood bitches last month.
"Italy is a land of conspiracies: they poison popes here, so just imagine a poor boy like me. ..."
"You know, I had this image in my head... of Rick James killing my mama."
"Come on spit it out, Skip."
"The rest of you is normal- normal face, normal legs, normal hips, normal ass- but with a big, perfectly round pot belly."
They're not gonna be fucking with you like they did before.
Everybody here is dead.
And you're so just tragically blind... ...that the rest of your children... ...are goanna hang themselves on your watch. You little piece of...
"You know it's schmuck, right?"
You and your lemon juice stupid chicken artichoke .
"Jerry, come to rub my face in urine again?"
'Will you shoot it?' asked the boy.
Get the fuck up and check the rest of the house!
Some kick-ass angel dust.
"OK, well, then you bite the fuckin' bullet... and you take her to a hospital and call a lawyer."
"Yes, with your feet on the devil's fender and your buttocks toasting at God's altar."
No.. no... there are a lot of shit I can't do anymore
And he was a water polo player. It's the faggiest sport there is. Those guys wax their assholes.
"Now, you go down again. You're fuckin' staying there, all right?"
You want me to hang that?
"So you're either gonna fuck one of them girls, or you smoke this ""J."""
Is the team standing by to fuck that little boy Kyle?
"Because the more these poor devils get to eat, the less there's going to be for your lot."
When you hang from a gibbet for the sport of your own crows... we shall have peace.
I'm afraid you are deaf I'm afraid you are a coward Afraid I'm being too pushy
"""I never should have made this goddamn picture."
"Get off me, man."
"Whoa, what the fuck you doing?"
"Well, either I'll tame him, or I'll make him so crazy... he'll quit."
And either you are the world's unluckiest boy or you are a disrespectful little prankster.
"Well, then if you didn't kill him, maybe you can explain why we found your prints at the scene."
"Dennah got you kicked by a horse,"
I think I'm gonna hang out with my loser friend.
"I die, Horatio."
What the fuck is the matter with you?
"I'm your wicked Uncle Ernie; I'm glad you won't see or hear me,"
That you're out there... ...with a fine bitch for a year and the best story you can tell me... ...is a drunk stop.
"Yeah. Gold might get you Jonas Brothers tickets, black... ...involve three of them sucking your dick."
Then both of you are out of your minds.
"What the hell is this, Marcie?"
Our son just told us that he might be gay.
"We got a lawless town, Ruby. Damn right I need it."
All that Chinese shit happened in-house.
The whole fucking roof is wired to blow!
"So it's fine if we have sex, but if I drop by to see if you're okay..."
"Wilma thought of her behind the curtain, I trembling with guilt and terror, and found she enjoyed the image even more than she enjoyed the one she had gone to bed withthe one where she was twisting the crazy bitch's noodle until it spun like that little girl's head in The Exorcist."
Make fun of the ex-demon.
"Kid, you can’t walk, but you don’t stink."
"I've seen her suck it off a blouse she spilled it on, but those glasses are more for guests."
What the hell you think you're doing?
"O Christ, I smell like a yak."
"Oh, Shiva, I wanna stuff myself inside of you until I ejaculate."
Mr. Oliver... How do we teach these... liars a lesson?
"Well, that sucks."
Last ... damn thing I give to Burton... except a vote.
"Scratch beneath the surface, and you're racist."
"You really have a nasty tongue, haven't you?"
Rats. I do it all the time.
"And worse than that, if he's a con man, he's a very bad one."
"Raiding, looting, pillaging, slaughtering."
"Sal Maroni, the vermin."
"It's not sexual, jack. Mm."
Jesus. - Shit!
I was talking to my son. - Bullshit!
"They spent the better part of a year organizing it in the first place, then diverted it to Basilisk against Icarus, and now it's been sitting in place in Trevor's Star for another damned year!"
"She smelled dirty and sweaty and . . . well, as if she might have had an accident in her pants and then forgotten to change them."
"Go on Pedro, tell him to shut up."
Do you realize how fucking devastating that is?
"You copy? Shit, it's coming right at us."
"Four cars, and not one goddamn cigarette lighter that isn't being used to charge a goddamn cellphone, and none of you smoke."
You'il soon forget the wench.
"You're too tough, stewing in your own arrogance."
"Fine, he's an idiot. But then, so what? This whole doughnut thing is a new career?"
Did I just hear you talking about killing the president?
Stay off my fucking spot!
That Michael Jackson is a stone cold pimp.
You don't give a shit about Aaron Ulrich now?
You people disgust me.
"Oh, shit, I almost forgot."
"And you're Bill Murray. Bill Groundhog Day, Ghostbustin' ass Murray."
"Sometimes having sex, if you just want to get someone out the door, it's just a lot faster."
You get your fuckin' face outta my pants.
The Tutsi cockroaches of the rebel army must be denied recruits.
Get the hell out of there!
"When you wake, we will go find your little monk and you can feast on him."
"She needs a break from your macho bullshit, so go hit somebody else tonight."
Maybe she'd break up with me and you could take over while I was still fucked up from the fight?
The slutty pumpkin.
"Joey's a funny fuckin' guy, huh?"
"Look, no offence, but I think it's going to take more than you dying to fix years of resentment, missed birthdays and all that dysfunctional bullshit, but it was a lovely thought(!)"
"If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel. Drop dead!"
That sounds a fuck-load better than this.
Hunters were spelled by witches to kill vampires.
I was trying to kill the family business.
I think it's okay ifyou feel horny and fucked up at the same time.
"But, okay, I'm a sucker."
He'll be transformed to a mortal mockery.
"Just let me rehearse, and you can bitch at me after the final."
The whole place is a fuckin' war zone. lnside and out.
And although Johnny had seen this freak - or someone wearing a mask to make him look like this freak - he immediately shook his head and gave Ralphie a comforting pat on the shoulder.
"While Wheeler's closing the deal with Hoffman, the kid is upstairs screwing the wife."
"Lidia Simmons, get your skinny ass off the Lipnicki's property now... ...before they tell your dad!"
What the hell?!
Agent Keen will die.
Get off him !
"Bob, this is Percy, a dimwit I don't seem to be able to shake off."
Every kid needs a hit with a belt sometime...
Darko cheats death!
"""Ed, you expect me to send my people in on something like that and I stay home and fucking knit socks?"" Clark demanded heatedly."
Tattoo on the back of your neck.
"God damn it! If there's an exit or a way out, he found it. Find it!"
"Shithead, Cho Myung-seok!"
"Yeah, I got the shit."
You were into pills way before you fucked up your back.
And I can also smell a liar.
"And even if Handsome didn't shoot him, he left him on a park bench to bleed to death."
"She's got some balls, coming in here."
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
All Uds. They are dead!
"Shut up, shut up, shut-shut it."
I can't fucking remember.
"Or he's pissed you hung up on him, kills six more people, and calls back to give you the bird."
Instead of this running around hiding bullshit.
"Rossi, put the gun down."
"If we can't live together, we're gonna die alone."
I am such an asthmatic dumbass.
I can't wait to kill me some terrorists.
"We all hanged him. And I am offering a $10,000 reward for anybody that gets me that Eddie Coyote! Dead or alive."
"But you start to follow the money, and you don't know where the fuck it's gonna take you."
It's time this shit stopped... don't you think?
"You're a joke, Damon."
"It takes two fucking cars, you know."
Will you fuck me when you get out?
"I don't know, Uncle Charlie just never treated me like I was some stupid kid."
Until they die young.
"Here I am, actin' natural, just totally defenseless against any, I don't know, hideous mutant pigeon-guy who might happen upon me."
I loved my father... let us make sex.
I'm not gonna have a child... ...with the same genetic disorder as me who's gonna die. L...
"""It's stupid calling it a milit'ry base,"" said Pepper."
Damn well you ain't asleep.
"Man, if it was me I'd be fucking with people, whispering in ears."
Could you rub my butt?
She is such a snake!
'These people are the worst kind of extremists.
People can kill to go to a party like this.
And you lost deb?Shut up!
I'm bleeding. Trying to get my goddamned finger sewn back on.
"Oh, this is an official dork alert, man."
And the way he played into that psycho's crazy head... ...telling him what he wanted to hear?
Let me see that shit. I want to see what's on there.
"And for the black, tannic."
"Oh, and I think your Aunt Edie is losing her mind."
"So, is that why you brought up that rond dejambe attitude shit because you don't want to talk about it ? lt's really not a big deal."
Yes! Is he a goon or is he nuts?
"I can fucking hear everything you're saying, all right?"
I hate that shit!
"Who the heck would sit at home, watching the royal wedding?"
Maybe I'll grow a third hand so I can surf online and wank at the same time.
"Hasn't your father lied, cheated, even killed..."
The black shirt was spread around his naked torso.
Why the hell did they call you in?
Good shit.
Must be a lot of fucking camel debt.
You asshole! I can't believe you never told me.
"What I know is, your dad wouldn't be the first cop to fuck around on his wife."
You send her out here in the next ten seconds or a lot of bad shit is gonna start happening.
He be dead.
"Sometimes, also, companies of _damiers_ passed, or some of those penquins whose gait on land is so heavy and so ridiculous."
Thatwas one tall midget.
"Besides, I despise these nobodies... who offer their neck to the block."
'That's bullshit!' snapped Lucy.
I'm not calling him Ohn-frickin'-ree.
"A Polish prisoner of war, who fled from the camp. 0h, they are all swines."
"And I'm sure you're gonna grow up to be giant, horrifying dinosaurs."
A female that gives birth to alcohol.
"You won't, it messes with your insides."
"No, because you're just gonna loose your shit and that's gonna make--"
"Give it to the damn cop, Mom!"
My penis and I are saving up for a boat.
But a victory march through the ruins of Berlin... - Rubbish!
So the only explanation is Zygolife's sperm.
"And we're like, ""we made fucking Spirit of Christmas."""
"First, they need to suffer."
To fulfill her lesbian urges.
"When I was blind, I never realized that... Naked people are gross, especially the middle-aged slobs"
"All right, fuck that. Up you get, come on."
He's one of the killers!
I'd die a martyr's death.
"Like, if you're scared, act like you don't give a shit."
Can you imagine that motherfucker roaming around Parker Centre?
They'd chew her up first.
"As quick and big as he was, he would crush her windpipe with a hard chop of his elbow or pound her face through the side window."
These motherfuckers can play for two days straight.
You shat yourself.
"When he started selling weed to the kids at Coventry, I didn't say shit."
He's fucking gone!
Get this: if Guido tells you to cut off my hand then you'll cut off my hand.
"They were all out of ""faux-jitos""... ...so I got a couple ""I'll Fake Manhattans"" and a ""Safe Sex on the Beach."""
Because I... I'm really a nag.
"They kill, Mr Manley, in sufficient numbers."
Shut that door!
"Latin lover narrator: Well, money and the fact that she inseminated the wrong woman with Rafael's sperm."
I change shit!
He'll get something silly...
Kill him?
Decrucify him or I'll melt your face!
"""Crap, that's cold."
Get the fuck off me!
"Peter's feelings were hurt, and so he was being a snot, as usual."
I'm not going to some cheesy sex motel.
That moralizing old fart!
"When you were very little, I brought you here often, that you might not begin your life as a damned puritan, without the sounds, the music in your ears, or all the colors of art in your eyes."
What the hell is he doing near my flowers?
Nobody talks shitabout you except me.
"I know what kind of slanty-eyed savage you are, boy,"
"This is very stupid, what we're doing."
"Shit, I thought they'd get us."
Those creeps held a gun to my head.
It wouldn't do to execute them prematurely.
"""Damn right I was."""
"That was a no-shit scud attack, Gents."
"Sweetie, it's notyour fault that you're sick."
I'm afraid you have to end up like that drunk.
"Maybe he gets his kicks from just going around, shagging girls and stealing their powers. Hmm?"
He just pinned Kenny Randall. Holy shit!
Burning into the earth.
I thought you two were wusses.
Any more fucking beer?
"Whenever you're ready, we'll need a urine sample for the rape test kit."
The woman had an astonishing gift of penetration.
"Very sad, very emotional, not one medical fact in the whole pathetic tale."
Fucking leave me.
Every time she starts to shake The dumb begin to talk
"Fuck off, Fabio, it's my area now."
"The van pulling off, and you just fucking left me there."
Else I'll break his legs.
"I'm divorcing you, and I'm suing you, bitch."
"He said ""Suck my dick!"""
"Okay, Mr. Porter... ...you got balls, man."
You're jerking him off.
"No. Buddy, she's a cow."
Alpert has lost his mind.
"Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill."
"And when shit goes down, I'll sit back and laugh."
"Smash the furniture like he was chasing you around all rapey, fortunately he's Italian so that shouldn't be too hard a sell, then --"
Begged her not to throw herself at that psycho.
You just talked a homeless woman into cooking baby birds for you. You're pathetic.
We can't just let them take him. He'll be killed.
Are you shitting me?
Are you telling me there's something running loose in this city... ...ripping out and eating people's hearts so he can take their souls back to hell?
"He's fucking dead, amigo."
You'd have to irradiate him first.
You fucking think of something.
He's top bloody athlete.
"Every time I drive my Volvo in Beverly Hills, they tow the shit."
"""Damn it, Cathy, haven't you learned anything from all you managed to accomplish working with Jeremy and the rest of the Anti-Slavery League?"""
What the hell's wrong with y'all ?
What's so goddamn funny?
"You didn't say they needed to be clean, asshole."
Blow the door!
But it was stolen from her by another witch.
"Next time I'll turn you feeble, too"
What are we doing in this shithole?
Get off my fuckin' brother!
Anyone got a fucking problem with what I just done? Eh?
"I just got a fucking door slammed in my face, all right?"
"Nice try, assholes."
"If I find anything, you're screwed."
"One day, they must all eventually die and the cosmos will be plunged into eternal night."
"Somebody's hand-Oriana's, he thought, was massaging Marty's erection."
The most likely group are career criminals.
You're only evil.
"Or if it has a penis, I'll tell him not to think with it."
"Don't be taking those women any more pies, you understand?"
"She's nuts about you, uncle."
"Damn, the park's better than this!"
"No sex at all in these guys, they've got it pushed so far down inside of them."
We're gonna show you how to target and destroy them.
So did the three-headed monster give you any shit about taking a long lunch?
"I cannot in good conscience endorse this shit, Becca."
"You wretch, Park Dae Su!"
"'Brilliant,' he said to my breasts."
"You got this fucking wrong. This ain't about you, man."
"Stupid flies. Wait, take me with you!"
You just put the money on the ground and then get in your car and fuck off.
"Dick, if my father finds out we went to the point, he'll go ape."
"I'm gonna shoot him now, okay?"
"All right, all right, all right. Fire 'em up!"
"""Uh,"" he hazarded, ""in charge of some garbage scow somewhere."""
It's like a damn tarantino movie out there.
I mean you could be a crazy person and there we'd be inviting you into our homes...
"At the same moment a girl's shriek rang out behind me and an instant later, as the blacks fell upon me."
"Stay away from me, both of you!"
"My father is dead, my mother... ..has a sickness of the lungs."
"McGee, I want a tap on that damn pay phone."
"You nice guys are always complaining... ""why do girls go for the jerks and the creeps?"""
"And here, mr. Fish, if I may you say that the exactions taken from the people are not given to a kind, temporal prince, but to a cruel, devilish bloodsucker, drunken in the blood of the martyrs and saints of christ."
What the fuck happened here!
Why in the world should they feel any compunction about kicking someone who totally ignores their own efforts to actually end this damned war and normalize relations in the ass?
"Don't do anything foolish, Henry."
Won't be needing no drama behind his nonsense.
"Dixie'll run Kuang, but his ass is dead and you can second guess his moves, sure."
Damned if I know what it is.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
'Cause I'm too busy getting the shit kicked out of me and being an accomplice to fraud!
Take my fucking diamonds?
What's a-- what's a damn shame?
I'm not going to just fucking leave him here!
Don't get nervous. You motherfucker!
Murdered me - Murdered you
They'll destroy you.
Children of all races spend one sacred midura scouring the Glade for every scrap of dross they can find.
I don't know how you got this far... but you can't bullshit your way through the FBl.
She's telling me... what a shitty job I'm doing as a mother.
So that makes Arbor Day the Wimbledon of having sex.
Lorraine thinking I'd share this shithole with two alcoholic strangers.
I'm so sick of the crap we ate on that plane.
You can't live in this pigsty!
"Listen to me, you old fruitcake!"
Because they all got their asses killed in the line of duty.
It was dismembered and fed to the white queen.
Aceveda's definitely screwing us.
"Yeah, but when the shit start, there's nothing to be done, right?"
"I throw a spear... wrestle with Kowali, she is orangutan."
I don't have the time to listen to your nonsense lecture.
in this fucking town?
You killed the kid.
You'll hit the dogs!
"Oh, to be young. Just tell us, have you two had sex yet today?"
Maybe because you behaved like an idiot.
"Now, look, I can't help you unless you stop playing this ridiculous game."
"It's just that monks, they talk shit... ...but they can't back it up."
I'd hurt him first.
"Their leader has long been searching for so-called wonder weapons, magical items with which he will kill your people... in multitudes."
I just wanna get our asses out of here.
The Mother Thing didn't look strong enough to tear paper but what she lacked in beef she made up in brains.
"If this were a movie, my dick would be the villain."
"""Oh lord' this damsel oh my lord"""
Take a damn vacation!
"The guy doesn't know, he just saw her waiting. Shit."
"Face it, Larry, we're both bullshitters, but my camera isn't."
"It says, ""Even if you have a miserable, snake husband,"
We are all of us going to do what we were too inept to do the last time.
If Lilly's ghost is gonna haunt me until justice has been served... then I'd better get my ass in gear.
It looks like you don't screw your wife...
"Hey, why don't you get the fuck out my car?"
"Look, will you please shut up about him?"
What? My sister is crazy when it comes to her car.
Where's that medic? Fuck.
"And hey, it's cool if you're a lesbian. Ha, ha."
"Of course, you'll never know what that feels like... loser."
"Yeah, but it still smells wretched."
"“Reading this filth,” she continued, “one would think that Pamela was just some selfish society girl who got what she deserved."
I seen him rip somebody's guts out through their ass... and their eyes fell out.
"It was dangerous and it was foolish, and it won't happen again."
"If she gets hysterical again, I'll give her something to knock her out for a few hours."
pamela anderson sex video akon sexy girls orgasm xxx hanah montana basshunter jonas brothers amnesia ibiza bb8 big brother linkin park 2girls1cup sex scenes power rangers mistic forse enrique iglesias hentai wwe kama sutra nude
"And don't ever spell in front of my son again, Because he's s-m-a-r-t-e-r than you."
"Sorry, dude, the thermostat's on my side of the room, so it stays Mumbai hot in here until you turn off that stupid Indian music!"
He was like a shell of himself.
"""But queer that Alphas and Betas won't make any more plants grow than those nasty little Gammas and Deltas and Epsilons down there."""
"If you were in love with an amazing woman, and you knew she was throwing away everything that was amazing about her on some scum... would you still want her picture on your desk?"
I despise freaks.
"If you were the last man on earth, I don't want a baby with you."
Kotyk kept referring to the Tamuls as 'godless yellow dogs'.'
You will hang your testimony at the bells of Saint-Peter's.
"Bill, your face is so plastic that when you're done with it, they're gonna have to cut it up into little pieces so that birds don't die."
Cut me down.
You didn't call me a pussy.
Don't make it too fucking wonderful.
Damnedest thing I ever seen.
I gotta get out of here before I kill myself.
I do not know what the hell you're talking about.
"You said, ""I killed them."""
"“You are a dangerous woman,” he murmured, leaning closer."
"Doctor said it's too damn risky to try and remove it, so... Dumb luck and what?"
"You old buzzard, you!"
"Demons of hell armed with black magic... but they would get bored... or sidetracked in the middle of battle... and give up, running home."
I hate you so much that I'd destroy myself to take you down with me.
"Brett, she's fucking awake!"
You're dealing with a grown man who thinks like a gopher.
Die for him if I must.
Kick his fucking ...
"And now... ...comes the part... ...where I relieve you, the little people... ...of the burden... of your failed... ...and useless lives."
Maybe they can bring this rat over to my ex-husband's house.
"Hi, we were wondering why fat ass,"
"You can put that gun down, whoever ye are."
"Just tell me where the goddamn shower is."""
The glory of the Black Beauty. Damn.
I put my tits in his face.
Where the hell is ross?
"That woman deserves no attention at all, no compassion."
You had sex?
Marcus? What the fuck do we do if it doesn't arrive in time?
"""We envy and admire the Negroes for we want to become like them: Animals with a long cock and a tiny reptilian brain..."""
"All right, hit him again!"
"I'd make a fucking good mother! I love children, I'm creative and smart, and I'd make a fucking great mother!"
"But most important, it would mean that you're not just a jerk."
Come on butch.
Did you fucking kill that thing?
But I ain't no more than those who come to kill us.
You fuckin' know.
Friar!
He really shouldn't have let it shoot that beggar girl.
Then you better stop spending all your time Putting out his fires and start doing your damn job.
"If you want to really upset a witch, do her a favour which she has no means of repaying."
The rantings of a lunatic.
Mercenary trash!
They fucking killed him!
"I mean, what the hell was Mom doing in a nighttime soap?"
I'm on a circus train that's full of midgets.
"We have sex, she leaves 10 minutes later, then I never hear from her again."
He's a sexual compulsive with narcissistic tendencies.
"Desk clerk, the boss, runs a whorehouse here."
If I sway from my dharma for this one moment... ...nine generations of my family will burn in hell.
"My old man used to tell me, before he left this shitty world, never chase buses or women."
I only met a whore once in my life.
ã knew many blacks are $ 100 per night
Looks like a junk room.
All their fucking guns!
Problem is your brain thinks you're starving.
"Once he has confirmation of the transfer, he'll ask me to take action against you. - To kill me?"
How would you liketo suck the cock of a man who's a member of the Order of the Garter?
I have a far less ridiculous counterproposal for you.
"""I could always go neural asex."""
"I'm serious. I’m not kidding. $13,000 in some old, crappy bag."
"How's them pigs' trotters, Gary?"
"If I do die, it will have been lovely meeting you all."
"I'm not stupid, and I am definitely not the attention whore at this table."
"Mein Führer... ...this is a terrible order,but I will execute it."
"And number two, if you are gonna play both sides, don't give away the information before you get what you want. Oh, shit."
What the fuck's he talking about?
And your beard is so twisted.
You gave me a sucky calzone.
It appears Father Peter was a serial child molester.
"When I was in prison, I was as ignorant, mean and devious as these men."
"No, we need an exterminator."
"Yeah. Your left, damn it."
Who has got my bloody money?
"She saw him as she introduced him to her friends--uncouth, illiterate--a boor; and the girl winced."
It's fucked up.
Never again will you have to hear the three words... ...that make your balls jump back up inside your body!
The hell you ain't! I've practically got him rehabilitated.
Then I'm gonna take me a shit shower and shave.
"Boy, get your ass out of here."
Crazy. - Piano.
"He gets hard, but he cannot ejaculate."
I am gonna tear you apart tonight.
My life has been reduced to a piece of chum.
"Why don't you just... eat your chili fries, drink your shake... and go blow lunch or whatever you do to keep your ass in business."
"If they catch us, we're dead."
Do you think I'll have sex with you?
Damn you people?
White people are fucked up.
Today would be a very bad day to die.
You'll pull my fucking hair out!
But who would want both of these guys dead?
Old crap. But I like them.
"Your daddy is a narc, Earlie!"
"You, beanbag, come with me."
"You picked the wrong pocket to pick, prick!"
"I've just had a bitch of a week, that's all."
"""What the fuck is your problem?"""
"I have Nick ""The Pig"" as a friend."
"Well, that just makes him feel like a loser."
"Hello, you beast."
She took every able-bodied man and went to kill the Forest Spirit.
"You can't fuck with history, you know?"
"Oh, and black people."
Wicked.
But he'il wish he'd stayed dead.
"Her eyes began to tear and she softly repeated, ""Goddamnitall."""
You don't got my fucking money?
I thought you was supposed to be this big fucking hard man.
"If-If she asks you for ketchup, tell her to get it her own damn self."
In two minutes I want you ready and down in the crematorium.
Have you seen those stupid Americans?
Tell 'em to give us a price before handing them that killer zombie.
"Shit, we don't need any damn witnesses."
All I want you to do is pick up the cigarette! - You're a little bit nuts!
What the hell are you doing?
This is so tits! Vagisil would like you to represent us in the next NASCAR race!
"The blacks were overcome with terror, but there was nothing to do other than to fight."
And Steve was fucking great as well.
She was gonna die.
"I love you, but you are going back to school and you're gonna be the best damn lawyer in the state"
I'll take one of those bastards with me.
Where the fuck y'all gonna get a dead body?
"Seriously, lady, back the fuck off."
"All right, easy. - Damn it."
It was funny as shit.
If the camels die... ...we die.
"Bitch, you two are still into each other and you know it."
You wanted to show me this disgusting place?
Yes. The desire to kill himself ... ... Does not appear out of nowhere.
It's an inefficient way to kill someone.
Pig boy has escaped.
Just the thought of you two bumpin' uglies messes me up.
I can't sell you shit.
Harass them! Ask them how they raised a monster!
"Susan Gardner, get your ass back in the house on the count of three, or you're grounded."
All their vics were criminals.
And think is kind and smart and sweet and bloody sexy.
"My husband and I made each other perfectly miserable, just as intended."
That sucks. Think they made a mistake?
"And this might not be making perfect sense, but it makes sense up in my fucking brain."
He was going to strangle me.
You fucking deaf?
I can't have sex with a woman ... ... if I don't love her.
"Would you calm down, woman? Goddamn."
"What are they trying to do, kill him?"
You boys are gonna be the richest goddamned deputies in the history of law enforcement.
But this is one of the old pieces of crap furniture that was in the place when I took it.
"Morian damn him to darkness for that!"" he rasped harshly."
"Damn, I wasn't there for it."
"I've trained for the Fra Mauro highlands... and this is flight surgeon horseshit, Deke!"
I feel angry after what that Wayne Rooney bitch did to me.
I get shit on if you get caught again.
"Please, that silly list changes all the time."
"Which is uncommonly stupid even for Janacek, but let's not look a gift horse in the mouth."""
Exactly what I fucking think?
Shoot them.
"This kangaroo... ...is wanking away over it, right... ...and he's called Norman."
"Just, Sandy, don't fuck it up."
She was like unfucking unbelievable.
Tell us about your mistress. That'll keep you from talking crap.
Guards!
"Let's put it this way, she has the worst characteristics of both the genders-- she has the aggression of a man and the temper of a woman."
Sit him up and get him to his goddamn feet!
I heard on the radio... Shut up!
"I said, cut him down."
He didn't care a rat's ass about her.
"When you first introduced me to Nobu, I was such a fool to give him my attention."
This witch... I noticed you avoided disclosing her name.
He's Satan's lapdog or something.
Doesn't anybody care that I have a finely crafted gun pointed at this boy's head?
An old foolwho's never around.
I knew you lay down here on your pathetic little cot... ...and dreamed about her.
Likes to hide his nuts for the winter.
I get in the elevator and there's always this one guy who just-- He sticks his face right in the front of his fucking head.
Who's the fucking big shot?
"And also your eyes are bloodshot, You're paranoid, and the van has a skunky odor."
"Of all the crap I've done, that was one of the lowest."
That's my shit!
You're just like Hitler!
"Yes, but look at this man who slaughters for a living and breathes in the smell of blood."
How long has it been since you've had sex?
"Until a few days ago, they were ready to turn off his machines because nobody gave a rat's ass."
"You are being paid to apologize for this pathetic country of Britain, and he can explain to us why we've burned our diplomatic credentials... and why we're killing, you know, thousands of innocent people... just for—just for some barrels of oil... and a photo opportunity on the White House lawn."
"So if you wackos practice kidnapping and ritualized murder, it is my job--"
I'll let you touch my hump.
You guys would fuckin' love us.
"Ah.... shit, I really wanted to win ."
Kiss your... mother once for you and twice for me.
Can you trace the junk account?
"I forgot the keys, dammit."
"My friend, do you have in your team fink."
It'll just go down your throat.
The arsehole thinks too much.
"His mouth opened to frame words like - Sergeant Colon just knew -'Unhand me, you low-born oaf.'"
"Okay, first of all, you guys are vampires."
She'd have your guts for garters if you called her that.
"Till we reach boat, we need bullets."
We waited together one evening for that damned broken-down elevator
Does killing one man accomplish that?
Damned poor planning.
"And you love her, too, dummy."
"""You know that I will come after you, assassin!"""
Goddamn it!
We're gonna be bloody rock stars.
"Oh, crap!"
Sorry about your brain.
What we did last night was -Stupid.
"You know, can somebody please explain to me why, girls in scary movie always have to fall down and lose their shoes and shit?"
"Drizzt ducked under the lumbering man's reach, spun, and kicked Wulfgar in the rump."
He needs to be removed.
"Now, there's going to be plenty of time for dick-waving, but we need to make time for..."
He'd touch me and stroke me... and... I'd get excited and have orgasms.
Take these stink-ass flowers!
Your whole family's evil!
"You may consider this garbage, but it’s the first one for hours and I was afraid you might starve."
Then we will dispose of them.
"Fine, I'll pee on it."
What is this Tommyknocker shit?
"Yeah, well, either that, or your job sucks and your boss is a wacko."
And I've come to make your life a living hell.
Like I want to kiss your dad’s ass anyway.
Shut up. - Keeping it like that is cruel.
"He might be the one who tried to kill us — """
"Why, you too good for my fucking money?"
I don't fucking understand what you're saying.
"She had sex with Rig, and could not bring herself to tell me the truth!"
"Okay, you don't have a lot of time before the big show, so I suggest you don't waste time standing around looking like you're about to fucking cry. Whoa, what are you doing now?"
"From now on, I want you to do one cock push-up a day, every day."
Why didn't you just roll him in the damn thing?
"I mean, I saw him use his credit card like a goddamn Ginsu knife."
"But she called me a low-Class whore,"
"At Chatswin High, most guys phoned it in, giving their G.F.S the usual Valentine's day crap."
"""What a pair of wretched creatures."""
She's making you shoot the lights.
I’M A POOR MAN’S SON FROM ACROSS THE RAILROAD TRACKS
Playing with reality like it's Silly Putty.
"If there's one thing that'll kill you around here, it's infection."
"She'il grow up, she'il have kids of her own and be your adult daughter, not this evil, fucking Bratz doll."
"If this is you and Quinn fucking with me, I'm really not in the mood."
"Scorpios, track and destroy!"
He scares the shit out of me.
This has never been anything more... than a juvenile dick- measuring contest.
I'll never dance again! I'm a cripple.
How the fuck would I know where Joyce is?
"So passed away Sorrow the Undesired - that intrusive creature, that bastard gift of shameless Nature who respects not the social law;"
What the hell is this music?
I been out looking for fucking money!
"You can drink yourself stupid, you can go on and call me a liar, but don't you hold me up for what happened to that little girl."
"I don't care what, I don't care if it's in these rooms or not, but there ain't no laying in the cut on this shit."
"Damn, looks like one of those nature documentaries where a snake eats the other snake."
"I don't need this guy, he's burnt."
You occupy my country and you kill my people.
"Any of you say a word about this ghost shit, and you'll be thrown in jail."
"It pays like shit, but I shut up and do the work."
"He brought missy, that little slut actress,"
You're a cop killer. You're lucky to be feeling anything below the neck.
Gunned down in the street.
The hell you don't remember.
Loser!
"'I haven't been able to sleep at all, and then I heard the rabbit, and couldn't help thinking of what it suffered, till I felt I must come down and kill it!"
"""Damn right,"" she said."
Get the fuck out!
The music sucks.
I enjoy corrupting America’s youth.
"It cannot be put down to the usual loud-mouthed American ass-banditry, except as a fraternity-boy reflex in a vacuum, a reflex Slothrop can't help, barking on into an empty lab, into a wormholing of echoing hallways, long after the need has vanished and the brothers gone to WWII and their chances for death."
"Absolutely, you have to fuck for the time you have lost."
Yeah! Baddest man on the planet!
Damn near lost everything.
"""Assassins have killed every unk the bottle ever twitched."
"For all I know, having her killed was part of your deal."
"I vow to serve you, obey you, to die for you if need be, but let him go, Khaleesi."
I don't believe the damn thing even exists.
This fucker's out of control.
"You have a social disease"" my friend."
I'm getting jerked off by the network 'cause nobody can find an idea for me.
Burn him at the stake?
I kill it because no it could let go.
"This prick has been on the wish list so long, you two guys, might even get a promotion."
"Damn it, Robin, this is all I have left in the world-- eight pot lids and a sword."
It's all the intestines in my... intestines.
"So tell me, Neha, if Sam and I were not gay.. ..then would you have had us as your tenants?"
"You're supposed to be helping me, not get a date to the douchebag ball."
"""You're going to get us all killed, Rhodar,"" Anheg said bluntly, ""and all our armies with us."""
"You come in, I'll shoot you one by one!"
He's an interesting fucking guy.
You are such a liar.
Farriol was executed for being red.
"If I get outta here alive, I'm gonna make damn sure you don't."
Love is so damn fickle.
"""Ebola is a nasty one."
This is fucking great. - ..under John Connor.
"Roy, you’re about to die."
"I trust you, but this is a fucking mess."
"""I say, pull like god-dam,""--cried the Indian."
I wanted to avoid catching crap down at the police station.
I could cut one off.
How many times have I saved your ass?
"I mean, I've got no problem giving some guy a blowjob, but she has taken it to the extreme."
You go to Spider Mike's... ...you'll wish you never fucked with me.
you have heart problems.
You're a weirdo!
If you weren't so neurotic and insecure... ...maybe you could shut upand show some compassion.
You better shut your mouth!
"I swear to God, I think I'm fuckin' jinxed."
"These dumbasses were beaten just now, probably sent to jail."
Put her on the fucking phone.
"You're much crazier than I to do all this for a creature without a name, to run off with a pair of initials."
"Burn it, now!"
He's been drinking that yak piss for an hour. And sometime very soon... You see?
We'd all should have stay at school instead of driving around in the middle of nowhere. knocking fuckin down people like bowling pins.
"It was a bitch, but so worth it."
What the hell has she got to do with any of this?
"Oh, I just had me an assgasm."
"Sorry, Wizard. Shut up."
"DOC: I shoot the fleas off a dog's back at 500 yards, Tannen... ...and it's pointed at your head!"
Khan and I don't care how many goons her father sends after her.
Have you ever heard the son of Sarek was a liar?
I'm a little baby... who's going to hold my fucking hand?
"""We shall be drowned."""
Looks like a God damn bomb hit this place!
"I fucked her, Cathy."
"Uh, looks like your friend is sick."
Forget that girl.
And to kidnap innocent people to force his hand was a little bat-shit crazy.
Bullshit! Then we're the F.B.I.!
"You run now, you gonna run till you die."
Bullshit. I filed what I had to file.
"Chicago's a mess, john."
"Damn thing cost me 50 bucks, back when that was real money."
You had him tell me you were dead? With a fucking crossbow?
We missed your fine ass.
"I'm saying that as your friend because, as your boss, I'm ready to fire your ass."
The recruiters get to bang all the chicks.
You may as well open up a Starbucks in your brain.
"""It's my fault — I was a fool to expose you like that."""
You're a truffle.
"Lady, if you weren't a nun I'd let you save your own bacon."
That is fucking weird.
I suppose he just wants to watch. Fuck it.
"Humanite, go relieve cheetah."
Because you have a camera. Now just be quiet and shoot it.
Maybe it has something to do with the fact that my name's on the goddamn wall.
Pay up or fuck off!
"My chauffeur is a bad lover, he didn't know how to satisfy it."
I fuck your passwords and responses.
You did... ok... that's just gross!
They cut us to fucking pieces!
"She became a real martyr and she's not a happy person, and I just don't want you becoming my mother."
"Whoo-ah ! - Get in your limousine. Go down to the bowery, get with the other fucking drunks where you belong !"
Mr Fuck Off Right Now!
YOU LOOK FUCKING AWFUL.
"Mom, dude, you're killing me."
You've ruined my family.
"They're both screwed. No, I mean, if you had to choose between 'em."
I bet you it's that fuck Kearney.
Killing a Mockingbird.
"Timo, you know they show porn on cable TV?"
But together we can grow into a loft downtown With an army full of hot ass receptionists.
Is this old fart your boss?
"But I'm damned if I know how to do it, though."
Is he the one who sucked the stinger out of your thigh?
Like bomb a mosque.
"I never wanted this damn stay-at-home job!"""
"Okay, so, you buy her a house, and I assume you're fucking her in said house, she of the magical house-earning pussy."
But he is a liar!
"Upchuckers, show of hands, who's screwed an albino chick?"
"You, too, dipshit."
Little piggy watch your step... or I'll get you...
"Shit ... Come on, Nancy."
Says you got more brains than those cunts down there... and that you should be doing something more.
"All right, so that was just dumb luck."
"One ofthose women who want to be officers Annie, shut up."
I don't wanna have sex if you're gonna have an attitude.
Shut up and let me think.
You're about to see what makes most women fear the cock. Okay.
"So, you have to look at these sex sites all day long?"
"Sheeps grow their own sweaters, and cows have finger boobs."
What the hell's goin on?
Then I'll detonate from the inside.
"He's missed head count before, too, 'cause he was hiding from the next ass-kicking."
Get the hell out of my life!
From shopping addicts to killing machines
"""Well, damn me, mate, so it is,"" he admitted."
"It's my fucking kids, innit?"
I don't know what the hell you're talkin' about.
Fuck! I knew it!
"Please, shut the hell up for two seconds 'cause it's fourth and inches."
We should find out who she is and bury her.
"Did you see my glasses? — What? — I can't see. If you aren't gonna talk, Alex, I'm gonna have to hurt you."
You could talk about a construction job you just came from... ...and bitch about your girlfriend and your car.
"Look, I know I fucked up in the concert, but now you have to believe me."
"Enough, Fanny."
What about the guy who raped you?
Another hour and I'll go insane.
"What, is this guy crazy?"
And I have sex with lan and George.
"""Dammit, no."
Cecile.
"I'm telling you, this guy's heart was breaking... because he couldn't turn his goddamn head to see his goddamn wife."
"You know... raising kids, doing her job, trying to have a relationship, leaning in, sucking up..."
I ain't carrying all that fuckin' change about!
I don't give a damn what your orders are.
He said he'd spit in their eye.
"Well, you know, you could say that life itself is a stupid tradition."
"I am riskin' life and limb here tonight, so that all of you across this great country of ours can witness Shreveport, Louisiana's pre-Halloween pageantry of vamp bullshit."
"What's pathetic is a made-up commercial holiday Dedicated to the patron saint of not only love, But of epilepsy, fainting and the plague."
"Shit, I knew it."
"Ah, spank God."
That's the problem with your sex.
I don't understand a damn word the guy is saying.
Canby's men are coming here but no one will set foot in this hell except you and me.
"Well, what the hell are you doing here?"
"Bad poker players, the lot of them."
They've got kids at home. Dick!
Except find Missy and get the fuck out of here.
"Hell, they'll wanna dissect all of us, and I cannot let that happen."
The Tower can't afford to lose her out of her own ignorance.
"I'm just saying, the music biz is a bitch, you know?"
"""Open up there, you antisocial navigators!"""
I'm gonna distract everybody and then you get that possum out of here.
All I'm hearing is trumpets and asses.
He's one tough cuss.
"Go ahead, Crazy Bear."
"Hit me, Ma'am."
It'll be loud and nasty - my kind of kill.
"""Hell, damn!"" Susan said."
"Not in my town, dirtbag."
I think we need to move your skinny little tush to New York City.
"Done here, at our romantic fairytale getaway where you make up for all the idiot Archer shit you pulled over the past 24 hours?"
"Are you kidding, Sam? I'm an idiot."
Their leader is some sodding old man.
"Who made me this way, dummy?"
"The in-house people I've talked to about it—damn it, Arthur, you tell our people to think outside of the box, and what do they do?"
"For fuck's sake, Jay!"
"We're in Alan Shearer's bloody motor, man."
This place is a dump.
Don't let it fuck with your head.
"By the time I manage my ass over to the edge of the roof, the car was gone."
Bite the bullet.
To kill a child in utero by raising her blood temperature.
"Bastards! 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. And with those two sitting there, it's 20."
You're a liar.
Goddamn it!
Don't do this to me! Wait a minute. I gotta find a place to land this motherfucker.
"God, they were a pain."
What the hell is going on out there?
"I don't know, why you want to sit through all those zombies eating people, ...and no hot guys kissing anybody. It's gross."
"However, San Francisco, I'm afraid... has disappeared completely up its own asshole."
Shit like that's bound to happen... when you make a kid wear a matching tie and slacks every day.
Anyone who doesn't believe in me is miserable.
What the hell...?
"HeY, it was a fucked weekend."
The man in black roared approval and pounded him on the back.
Miss Skeffington here dropped your bomb down the john.
Then I smashed her head in like this!
So tell me about it. - Fuck it.
"And you're a maniac, you know that?"
I'm not sure he's a lunatic.
"If one of you perverts got our boy, I won't be answerable for my actions."
"You turned into someone that you weren't, a monster."
This isn't what you bitches did in the shower.
Does this guy not know who the fuck I am?
"Boss you're a dirty old man."""
"Damn, I wish I was single."
You're a dead ringer for the last two of his three wives.
They are stripping us for parts like a busted ass truck.
"You know, it's the wretched politics that drive me nuts."
"No, I mean I wouldn't take shit from my parents."
"Well, shit, the plan's all in tatters now."
"You don't have a clue what's going on inside my puppet head... ...because to know that,you would have to be capable of... ...perceiving the world that existsbeyond the tip of your penis."
What the hell ...?
The hell's he saying now?
"I've yet to see him do anything but mumble a few words over that stinking gunk of yours, Father, and then stand back and watch it fizzle and smoke."
I'm gonna impale your client on a first-degree murder charge.
They think he's fuckin' George Washington.
Why is he so goddamn important?
"And by the way, Brenna, I don't think there's anyone here who's not proud that you're gay."
"I mean, come on, I eat the same laxatives everyday in reasonable amounts and I don't shit over myself."
You've abused Beth long enough with all of your goddamn lies.
"Go back in there and chill them niggas out and wait for The Wolf, who should be coming directly."
I will stay here and face my death.
Nothing will be served by killing the Arbiter before his decision.
"Go looking for her everywhere, bring me my daughter... ...bring her here or I swear that... - Shut up! Let us sleep!"
He planted a bag of dope in my saddlebag and then beat the shit out of me.”
"That would suck, especially if that person was Phillip."
"You're like fucking Jason Bourne or something, man."
"Damn me, won't you dance?"
"My husband is the fish maniac, not me."
I am a traitor
"""What in hell do you think you're doing?"""
Go back to Africa.
"Well, depends if you act like a fucked child?"
Go and pay the bum.
"To Florence, where you can bugger whoever, wherever, and get away with it."
These police are not stupid men.
"Frustrated men had another option, and that was recourse to prostitutes, who were often lively, gay, witty--- indeed, all the things it was inconceivable for a woman to be."
It's sexual.
I would have gone mad without you.
"Pregnant, infected with AIDS, totally strung-out."
Which year? Because '64 to '72 were pussies.
"The young bastard had sworn that when he gained manhood, he would go to the castle of his father’s people and claim his rightful inheritance."
He's out of fucking control.
Where did you get the hell bought?
Black monster!
"Come on, my beautiful Sister who saved my damn life from those damn Yaquis."
"You get off the highway... ...from whatever big city, bringing all your sick problems with you."
I need you to doone of your ridiculous songs.
A damn traitor?
The closeness between parents and offspring. Shit.
"Leave some fuckin' hair, man!"
How much shit you give them?
But now he's just horrible.
She's beating the crap out of her own teammate.
Or he's an alcoholic or a drug addict or he's bipolar.
"Shoot. How come you never made it to my wedding, man?"
By bringing him here you put this whole job in shit.
Him and his gay lover both work here.
"I can save you, Simone. You think you can save us all by shooting up?"
"I mean, it could be God stopped the bullets... or he changed Coke to Pepsi, he found my fucking car keys."
Cut her up real good.
"He tried to kill her, but for some unknown reasons, she saved his sorry ass."
Help me end her.
But this shit has to stop.
It told of the frequency of sexual intercourse by American males in various professions and trades.
"Now he seemed like a six-foot-tall, fat, hairy, stumpy-legged baby."
"""There's a whole damn army up there!"" the dwarf gasped, grabbing the kender by the shoulder."
"What the hell, Turk?"
Give me the gauntlet and you can have your wench back.
She smells like an ashtray.
I killed all the cameras.
He'd rather whack them.
"Whole new theories of money were growing here like mushrooms, in the dark and based on bullshit."
I introduced her to that silly man!
"Made him pathetic, weak... ...good."
"You are a copy, a fraud."
You have a maggot right here.
"Oh, what the fuck you mean, he isn't here?"
"So, who was this old fart then, eh?"
"Let's go bang this, man."
Get off of him.
"What if the dominant one allowed the submissive one To rape the first 2 victims in order to sort of draw him in, And then once he's hooked, he began keeping the prize all for himself?"
I hope I didn't drop you in the poo.
"(sighs) Wakes up this morning in bed with the fucking Hearst Combine, knowing he's got us by the balls."
He then said you gave the best blowjobs in Miami.
"Oh, damn! ...Who was the kicker who missed the field goal?"
"For fuck's sake, Judy, I've taken an hour out to come over here and be room meat."
I know. And those evil sons of bitches know it too.
"Some pictures, a few Harley manuals, a bunch of Nam shit."
I suggest that you and Agent Booth ask Mr. Frampton if he forced lan to sign that before killing him.
Waht the hell is wrong with Jonas?
"You scared the shit out of me, you stupid bastard."
"Carter, you're in enough trouble. Just shut up."
"Jesus Christ, that's such a fucking touching speech, Bernie."
You'll get a shot if he don't die.
You will always be her nerd pet.
Maybe he'll get killed crossing the street and save us the mess of doing it.
It'll be yours when you pay for it. Scoundrel!
That is one big damn tree.
"This is that godawful crap they concocted as a 'special punch' for the festivities—uh, sorry, solemn occasion."
Is it that same bitch?
"He refused to go along with your plan, so you killed him."
You'd rather die here than give me what I'm after.
"Alan, go wake up Doug. Let's get some coffee and get the fuck out of Nevada before housekeeping shows."
Give me a gun.
"What you going to do, stab me with your purse?"
"""Get the fuck out of here!"""
The night he got pinched I had a fuckin' panic attack.
That little stunt you pulled today made a lot of people look very foolish.
"Damn, I have something for you."
And this freakish alien will leap out and bite your head off!
My father was a wealthy thief.
He was jerking off in my closet!
They're Ivy League assholes and they'il wrap a lamp cord around a newborn baby's neck rather than lose to a schmuck like you.
I'm still hot for that crazy bomber guy who's been living in a cave for a year.
You do not want to fuck with me right now!
"""Carol,"" Bill replied, ""you take care of your own ass first."
"Someone smarter than you, who's about to hang up."
I'd like that person's stomach to stop functioning.
"Whenever I try to talk to women, they look like they want to punch me."
My pussy.
""" let your hair grow and fornicate like bêtes... "" "" If you ça branch more, paint your house orange and eat a lawyer. """
"One of your little butt buddies,"
"No, what he didn't like about heroes was that they were usually suicidally gloomy when sober and homicidally insane when drunk."
"The whole of the desert's like a bloody bus route, and we gave it to 'em!"
"We had our first two services-- it was a loss, and it sucked."
"It was all just so much useless technical babble to Santos, who cared only that these giant finned silver turds would blow up when and where they were supposed to blow up, and do the job they were intended to do."
"She said she was afraid of Seevis, and that he'd kill her if he found out."
Such a liar.
I'm not your fucking wet nurse.
'You don't die?'
"We're gonna let you have your little going-away party, but do not make our lives more difficult afterwards by hanging yourself, with a sheet, or a tampon string, or whatever the fuck you like to get all arts and craftsy with."
Watch who you calling bitch. And in the parking lot.
"So you had... sexual relations with my client, both in person and on the phone, right, Mr. Murphy?"
"Keep your mouth shut, I said."
"On the streets, your homie would take a cap in his ass for you."
Get the fuck out of here before I call the cops!
You also let an old man beat you bloody and take your sword.
Do you seriously expect me to become involved in your sexual Olympics?
They called me a fucking hero. The truth is I didn't care anymore.
"Nobody wants to hurt the kid, but I will if you don't put that damn cannon away."
"What are you, a witch?!"
It's like goddamn rush hour around here.
You just had to remind me of the biggest fucking catastrophe in space travel.
But the Magog eggs in Harper's belly will hatch and he'll die.
"You won't kill me,Jack."
"No, no. The big black one!"
I'd never have done it if I thought I'd hear such nonsense.
I'm not getting in that fucking lake.
"Cut him in a dozen places, burned him with cigarettes."
Curses are bullshit. Now say sorry and go conquer that which has been unconquerable.
"I'm out of my mind, 'cause you and V are the only things that have ever made sense to me in this whole fucked up world."
"But, tonight, you lucky boy, I'm all nerd hag."
"Instead you jacked off for 50 years, drove fancy cars, screwed the best girls, and now when you can't get it up, now you want to be honorable."
"""Village of the damned"" ?"
"Come on out and face me, you son of a..."
To the President of Assholes.
"And you asked him why he a scatterbrain like you wanted to marry. And he said he took what he could get , as long as you but was."
Too damned sunny.
"Russell, if nobody ever lifted a finger until people were deserving, the whole world would go to hell."
I'm a girl. But I also watched car shit too.
"Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole full of worms and oozy smells."
Are we going to chase this tornado or do you want to catch the next one? Shit!
You shouldn't be getting up to this nonsense.
"Then the cop came outside and went into this alley, and then Ba'al came outside, and he went into the alley, and then I heard this growling and screaming, and when I looked, some big-ass wolf was killing Ba'al."
"My ambition is to win all your contracts. Become the owner of this fucking club, run it my way."
"It's your damn birthday, and I'm getting you the perfect damn present, okay?"
I'm a sexual scientist.
What the hell?
And you want to tell me you're not interested? You don't want to work with your brains?
Let's kick it Jesus style.
I could see blood and brains matted in her hair.
He ain't gonna do shit.
No woman is going to look at us twice if we're sharing our office with that ridiculous Adonis.
"If that line of questioning triggered another psychosis, he could kill Hal in a second."
Not unless I die.
"But your grandsire did as much as I in killing it,"" said Lancelet."
What If they wanted you here? - bullshit.
Did he say he wanted to kill him?
"Shit, I gotta worry about how I'm supposed to raise these kids."
"Yeah, bro, this is fucked."
I saw Billy hit a girl so hard her fucking eyeball popped out of her fucking head.
"A giant-size snickers bar. Listen, would you mind terribly if I threw up on you?"
"All right, if you're attracted to me, then kiss me, Moe."
Mandy Williams was the bitch.
"He was a brute, and she..."
Tess can't get the kid to take off these smelly clothes.
We only hit the guys who cheat on the family.
You fucked me up and you know it!
DANNY: I only worried about my butt.
"Zhao Jingzhong, you already screwed it up."
I raised that boy since he was the size of a piss ant... ...and I'll say right now he never learned to read and write.
"""At home they think we like to kill."
Since when is OCD a black thang?
"We worked hard but our husbands seemed never too busy for pat fanny, squeeze titty, and unhurried kisses."
"So, Doc, clamp the black one to the metal part of the seat, and then take the red one and zap him."
What the hell was that?
"Shit, yeah."
And damn his own.
"I used to say the same shit, mate."
"I had the shit kicked out of me, got dragged down here and my mates ran away."
"No, all this weird shit started happening as soon as she came back!"
"Shit, check her pulse."
You're the most useless girl in the world!
"I gotta drive through the tunnel, get uptown to cross the 59th Street Bridge to Queens, so I can cross another goddamn bridge to get to the island."
Because you're a Jew.
I'm always fucking smart.
Pray to your damn father. Hear my prayer.
You say that every fucking day.
"Jesus, what the fuck is wrong with you, Carol?"
This pig has cheated me out of $2 million in cash.
Is there a place besides this shithole outside the station I could eat?
"It's my car you're driving, shitball."
Of course they're fucked if you put them through the washing machine.
You're too fuckin' obvious.
And I think they're going to amputate his leg.
Fuckin' kidding me!
Better dead than red.
"Shit, we probably wouldn't even be a family."
"Call Charles Grodin a bitter old man one more time, and see what happens!"
"Twissell seemed eager to talk, as though to exorcise some mental demon."
I don't ever want to suck your wind again. Oh.
It's not even a goddamn planet anymore.
Like you never fucked a robot!
My dick is too thin!
"If you married me, I'd never come home and you're die pining for me!"
I packed their asses on the bus this morning.
"After Lukas got killed, she... she just fucking did it."
"Put it to your head, pull the trigger!"
"But then there's junkies where all the horrible places they've been, all the horrible shit they've done, the fact that they come back from it makes them better people than if they'd never used in the first place."
"When the race is over, I will decide what to do. ~ What to fucking do."
"His regret was naive, and at times really pathetic, in that I had devoted my life to the science of agriculture instead of to fiction-writing."
Who the hell knows what a bear eats?
Get back in the goddamn ground!
Why the fuck are you crying?
"I saw some wrong-ass shit up in there, dude."
I knew I couldn't trust that fuck!
"You're a fraid we're gonna steal your soul, your pureblood spirit."
"We need to know all of this boring crap, too."
So where the fuck have you been all day?
"I've seen a few of the ugly brutes about,"" he said offhandedly."
There's gas in our ass.
He used to spank me with a wand.
He's been shooting pornography here.
"I mean, the monkey was funny, damn it."
It's stupid.
"We're out getting Mongolian barbecue and you know, we come across your little weak-ass ride."
"Wendy, you're not going to make a fool of an old man I hope."
Now she'll have two moms to screw her up.
You fart when the rest of us are afraid to fart.
What the hell? Alex left me a message saying he was shot?
"""He's not above doing his own killing, Anita."
"I ain't no bitch, man."
Men will be hunted throughout the Highlands.
Stay the fuck out of my head!
"Let my death hold no glory, and let me die forgotten and unknown."
"Sorry, I... hit you in the face."
"Before I storm your castle, I'll kill one of yours as a warning"
Guys like that don't get raped in prison.
You guys are sucky boyfriends.
It's got three fucking toes.
"You'd be safer fucking with my wife than with my name, believe me."
"After hanging, of course."
Your boner!
What the hell are they doing up there?
"Padre! It's me, your taxi driver! I've killed him!"
"Rape, assault."
"All right, that's enough. I'm not taking any crap from a guy who was talking about his mother's body all night."
You want to get some pizzas and some hookers?
"Joe, that's my kid, he brought this junk back from Japan."
What the hell was that thing?
I don't give a shit what you say. That's what happened and that's who I'm looking for.
Would Ditka know if someone jerked off?
What the hell is wrong with you?!
He hits me in the mouth a couple times and he gets an idea.
"God damn but I'm not all right at all, brother."
But just because Robbie was guilty of selling dope doesn't mean he deserves to get raped up the ass every day for ten years.
"Six damn T-years ago?"""
Maybe it wasn't a good idea telling that Smokey Bear to fuck off.
Youmock my family!
"The yellow vapor was caustic like mustard, my eyes and mouth filled, and I began to cry and cough, and around me, everyone began to cry and cough and yell hoarsely: ""Lousy bums!"
"REPORTER 2: Hey, Bo, how about a shot?"
"That's... That's a stupid thing to say, I know, I..."
Whether I'm worth anything or I'm just shit like others.
I could walk out of your office and get hit by a truck.
"I could say the same for you, ""whore-Mon."""
He made fools of us!
Damn right I'm getting in the car.
Why kill all of them?
Dude fucking loves me. (LAUGHS)
I can't see fucking Craig and he's sitting in the fucking hospital!
"You see, she'll kill us."
Stubborn little lady.
You wouldn't be the first lawman I kill.
Why are dogs so fascinated by watching people shit?
I have no idea what you're talking about. Shut up.
"Hey, get your hands off me, gravedigger."
"""You thief!"""
You swear you don't want anything more from me other than sex?
"To protect humanity, some humans must be sacrificed."
"Well, did you see that goddamn kitchen?"
What the fuck?
Why did you help that bastard and not me?.
I'll fight a thousand of you before I give you a penny.
My husband called me a hag.
"No O.J. Dream Team, just a court-appointed attorney who probably thought his ass was guilty."
"""They are going to burn our nipples and stick sharp objects in all our holes."
Get off of me!
"Damn, I can't see them."
Can you believe that shit?
"Yeah. Beth, please. Lawyer the shit out of it."
"When the target starts his car, said midget, now in our employ, bursts out of the air bag and strangles him!"
"It's epic shit, brother."
They'il die anyways without their fathers.
"You hear that, sucker?"
"Other, Surrogate"
I'm gonna take your fucking kid away from you.
"I got his contacts, schedule. Weird pictures of him doing awesome shit. - Very nice."
I don't want to see this shit again.
"He Le should count his lucky stars, if I was there, I would have kicked him in the face!"
It's none of your fucking business who I'm texting my address to.
And shot her with her own gun?
Someone bashed in that poor man's head.
"""Ski, if she goes through the streets with that thing on her back somebody is likely to burn her."""
What the hell are you supposed to be?
Holy crap.
You have to shoot me first.
That is my junk in a photo. Okay.
I'll get you with the next shot.
They grew you in a fuckin' lab.
"After that, let them die and bring in new workers."
These bums had their hands in my pockets.
"Remember, lads, in and out, and don't leave a fucking thing behind, yeah?"
He's foul enough.
"You lie, woman."
"Yeah, he wants people to see his hat and think that charger fans are bums who sleep in their own filth."
Is she or is she not going to kill me?
"For an instant, she'd wanted the death penalty."
"The candle is object which excites the female genitals; its being broken, so that does not stand upright, signifies impotence on the man's part (it not her fault)."
"He stuck the ridiculous sword into the sand, wandered away and found a bit of shade under some scrubby olive trees."
Are the rats in the alley gonna whip us up some ball gowns?
"Listen, pussy boy... ...you're broke."
I took a tactical risk and I woke that bastard up.
It stinks.
It just looks disgusting.
I got the best shit in town.
"John, get in there and clean up that pigsty of yours."
"Look, it's trying to kill me."
"""Dear Ms. Deena Gold, thank you so much for your recent submission, ""'A Self Made Woman's Lifestyle: ""'Separating Yourself from the Bitches.'"
Go play some hooky with your communist friend.
"Will you shut the fuck up, both of you?"
"""The noise of this attracted the attention of Lord Vetinari's clerk, Rufus Drumknott"" – damn, I forgot to ask him how old he was – ""who was then knocked unconscious."""
Fletcher felt he would seriously consider shooting his own mother to avoid another touch of the little steel dildo.
Are you fucking mute??!
You're trouble. Like your mother.
'Till some rapid god type shit happens and washes everything away in a tidal wave like those poor fuckers in Indonesia.
"How the hell are you, Bad?"
So I won't pick you up by the bladder.
You will have a shot with me.
"No diseases, no loose-as-a-goose pussy, no skank, no nothin'..."
I don't want to rape you.
"Sir, this place is dead."
The Italians had no sense of discipline.
Pull the fucking trigger!
I don't even know what the hell it is!
They did not stand a chance as my only purpose was to see that this sorry youngster collected his cumshaw.
The first time we fucked each other was in a phone box.
"I didn't fucking do it, okay?"
Want to ride some bounty hunter cock?
Properly mortify you in front of your father.
"Blood, guts, shit over everything."
I fucked up.
Damn near everyone at the Point said when you got your badge... it was too much for anybody named Valchek to have a patrolman's drag.
For a one-leg rancher... he's one tough son of a bitch.
The silent expanse of slag amazed him.
"RISPERDAL CONSTA is given as an intramuscular injection into the buttocks every two weeks, administered by a health care professional."
They named them traitors and they killed them in many different ways.
"You're so bent on dying, at least this way I know you'll come back."
You're shitting me.
A goddamn nightmare.
"Lizzie! Lizzie, this is ridiculous."
The dude fucking cut himself falling out of his time machine.
"This one's legs are black right down, his mane's clipped and his ear mark's a slit."
"It's pretty ridiculous, isn't it?"
That was ridiculous. My father told Grace's mother that he thinks my mother is gay just so the two of them wouldn't feel guilty about seeing each other.
Let's go kill some vampires.
Someone give him a sword... or I'll...
I suppose it's foolish of me to ask if she knows who you are.
A fascist!
"He beat the crap out of her, but only when he was sober."
It's fucking freezing outside.
"Oh, damn! This one is contaminated."
They talked about their rotten kids... and about beating them with broom handles and belts.
She must have looked at the face on the reader almost as long as the dick had down at Headquarters.
You're glad one of your comrades is dead?'
He looks nuts with that bald head.
I'm crushing him.
You're gonna hate me forever.
"With your permission, Carbo wishes to avenge his family's honour and kill this Quintus."
Dirty liar I want to see you again!
Fuck the dog.
Because Sosa would totally find out and kill Cesar.
"Now, white people who know the difference... between good shit and bad shit, this is the house they come to."
I was going to punish them.
"I wondered how a University Professor could get along without a modem (or a guy whose address was a fucking New York newspaper, for that matter), but I never wondered too much."
What the fuck are you doing?
"You take the orders, gather the shit, hand them off to Fred… who sneaks it in with the frozen peas."
Me and Bunk Moreland were fucking with this guy last week... working that case about dead girls in the container.
Do not fucking lie to me.
"Charlene, will you get the fuck out of here with your high heels?"
"Maybe go up a cup size, lift my ass a little bit, and, if you think I need it, reshaping my... you know... place... like hers."
You will not listen to an old woman who fills your head with lies.
"Yeah, get the fucking hair out the projector, will you?"
Apologize if you don't want to die. Say it.
Thanks a whole fucking lot!
"Prison for a nigga like me, man, like a family reunion."
There's no fuckin' money!
"Besides, I didn't come to this suck-hole of a city"
Straight flush. Damn it!
Damn thing isn't waterproof!
"I mean, first thing, he's the devil."
Pull the trigger and let her rip!.
I don't want you to do shit.
I don't care what your mother says.
What the fuck is up?
"Well, this some nice shit."
"You kicked ass, staff sarge!"
"You'il make a lousy witness, George."
"The robot said stupidly, ""You are in danger, Master."""
You give this fuckin' country a bad fuckin' name!
You guys have milked this fucking job long enough!
Shit on the people and what they want and what they're ready for.
"Traitors,"" she concluded briefly."
They think you're the Fat Cobra.
Forget the damn car.
You'll be scumming for Denson from now on.
The very air reeks with the bloody rancour of intolerant malice!
"With the Munsey twins, couple of retards, On this big brinks gig couple years back."
THE WEIRD SISTERS unashamedly stripped the Mexicans naked and wrapped them in tarpaulin.
"I-- Mother, she's a goddamn baby!"
There goes the baddest ass in the yard.
"And the Arabs were supposed to be cold, humorless, and disrespectful of women? Cathy asked herself."
"When this public opportunity to do that arose, he pulled his shit together... ...risked life and limb, and faced the oddsto come and give it his best shot."
"He's gonna die, too."
You want that shit or not?
"""Terrence King is... suplotoveant -- super slow, old, and totally irrelevant."""
"Dad says you're gonna be late again, you booger!"
"“Besides which, you’re no longer allowed to get rid of them by something as simple as, say, slitting a few throats.”"
We ain't had nothing but maggoty bread for three stinking days.
I wish I could shoot you yours.
"You listen, as long as I'm alive, I'm gonna nail you"
But I got me a goddamn bartender gonna testify that old Stuntman Mike didn't drink a drop all night and his passenger was left stranded by her date in the goddamn rain no less and she asked him for the fucking ride.
Fine then. Turn him into a bear. if you can.
Psychotic.
"He has a two or three million fucking horse shed out the front that'll hold 8,000 people."
He'd kill me. Or the government will.
Why the fuck did you come here anyway?
And I will not be remembered as a gallant loser.
Hit me.
"It locate between Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan... and assholes Uzbekistan."
Corrupt cops don't belong here.
"Take my head if you want, But in exchange, spare the lives of the villegers..."
What the fuck do I care?
"Goddamn, man. The guy is in complete denial about absolutely every aspect of his life."
"Ifyou're going to put my neck in the noose, look me in the eye while you do it."
Three generations of finished cretins.
One flat brainless head bent and pulled the droud out of the plug in Louis's skull.
"I said, ""I've never seen you looser."""
She said it was the first time she'd had sex in seven years.
"Look, piss off!"
I won't hurt you any more!
Cool shit.
Not a fucking word.
"Don't, Boss. Don't hit me anymore."
Your brothers did me a favor by killing francesca.
But I've killed one of them.
"Let me remind you, after your little failed coup, you work for me, your time is my time, so get your ass off the swings, get up on the Hill, get me my votes."
"Up on the attic, donkey."
Somebody gotta do somethin' about this shit right now.
lesbian lover in the shed overlooking the water.
And your weak ass attempt at the sixth card.
"So, what the hell do you think we're dealing with?"
"Years from now, you'll be at a posh cocktail party congratulating yourself... ...on how you spent a weekend with an asshole from Hollywood for your art."
"John, give me 24 hours, maybe I can cook something up, a pie chart… –24 hours and a pie chart in a dog's arse, Peter."
This has a Jewish stink about it. Can't you smell it?
"Bloody hell, look at that date."
I'm great! - You're mom just died!
I'm just screwing with you.
I'll get the all shrapnel.
"""I think about going out and fucking other people, too."""
Don't forget your umbrellas! Freakin' zombie.
"Now, you be a good little piglet and sober up. 'Cause Brother J. wants you all clear-minded... so as we can slaughter you up proper."
"There are stories he has a synthetic jaw, saw his mom shot, shit like that."
"Do I have some sort of sign on my head saying ""sucker"" or something?"
"Hurry up, it's gonna die."
He tipped his gross head to the right.
"Knut, as some of you may know, was the bastard son of my father."
I'll fight them.
It's only the poor bloody frozen Europeans that dream of coral islands.
"And the human sticks in his wrist or leg or whatever appendage, and his vampire friend has 30 seconds to suck."
The children don't need to hear your filth.
"""Don't be silly,"" he said."
"Well, how the hell do you fit into all this?"
It's biologically proven that children lead to sexual intercourse and vice versa. ♪ Children lead to intercourse. ♪
He'll tear you to pieces.
"There was blood on her face and thighs, and one of her breasts was bleeding."
But Marsellus Wallace don't like to be fucked by anybody except Mrs. Wallace.
Because if this money gets traced back to me... ...this is life-and-death shit... ...for all of us.
How the fuck did he get the to the car?
"Call up a few people tonight and tell them you really are just as sick as a dog, that you hope you are going to be able to make it, but you doubt it.”"
Jill is gonna shit when she sees you !
Not with that jack-o'-lantern tracheotomy you cut into his neck.
"Damn it! Relax, relax."
Fuck it all!
"Speaking of which, you must be glad I'm going to die."
I'll compare them when I get the bullet from the victim.
Goddamn fucking musicians.
Let the bitch live.
The way I held that guy's hair while you punched him in the throat.
Don’t give me that crap about real life.
"Hey, Hatchet-Face, you think Cry-Baby's got blue balls for the chick?"
"Oh, fuck. It was my fault, dude."
Close the goddamn door!
"Yes, let 'em bleed."
The poor bastard'll see them soon enough.
Fall into the nothingness that awaits you and your master. WITCH-KING:
We got gangs from all around the country circling this city like a pack of fucking rabid dogs.
"'Damn straight I got a point,' Jack said."
No wonder she's such a grumpster.
What a coinky-dinky.
Why don't you quit wasting my fucking time and tell me who's we?
Your last girlfriend wasn't a psycho.
Will you shut up! Come on.
"The state, the state's attitude towards the elderly, any elderly, in or out of prison is hurry up and die."
"Well, maybe he reached out done and killed someone."
"Each man that die, the man that kill him, take his power."
Saddest damn thing you ever heard of.
"""I can't tell if you're fucking or drowning, but neither one is letting us get any sleep."""
Nobody else better die. I got a half of the winter to the wage.
I've gotta lock a man up here... ...who didn't do a damn thing... ...just to keep those maniacs from killing him.
"Ray Seward, this death warrant orders your execution in 30 days' time for the crime of murder in the first degree of Trisha Ann Seward."
If you're immature then you live in sinister
And what the hell was that stunt you pulled?
You can't fucking run them over.
A president... . Why not shoot a president?
Blow it out!
"Screw her, you're a genius!"
Get off that kid!
If you have any ideas who would want to kill your brother...
"Hey, Barney, am I a pig?"
He's just some white cat that I met up in the club… wanted his business partner killed.
Words can't describe how little I give a damn.
"And in your spineless, pathetic way that's as much as you can give me."
What the fuck is that?
This is no place for a pretty girl like you.
"Your friend , that you've been so fucking pissed at , he's like faced down in the swamp now , with his fuckin eyes hanging out in the sand, and the sand crabs eating them."
Then wake Nola's ass up.
"Damn, Alan, what the fuck you got me into?"
I got my ass fired.
"Apparently, I got a hot date with a dummy."
You've killed him.
"I'm no expert, But there must be a dozen teachers better than this clown."
I thought shooting girls serving appetizers on a plane was your specialty.
"No, the real reason men fight Is to release their pent-up gayness."
But you guys ain't have to worry about that shit man.
"Crazy, I'm not afraid."
I wanna see you shootfrom the outside.
Was a punk-ass crossroads demon.
"I want to do lots of, lots of sexy... hot things with you. Shit."
You're swinging off your parent's cigarettes as they have sex.
He saw Clifford blow his brains out.
Take off your leg.
"No, it's just that unlike you, I don't think Samantha is the worst piece of trash that ever walked the earth."
And now I feel like a bit of an idiot because I'm early and he's late and I have no idea how to behave.
I killed kaito nakamura.
"However, we hit this target quick enough, you jump on a burro and ride that shit home."
"Shall I fire on them now, sir?"
"We can take him, and if he doesn't get help, he'il die."
Would you put that down before you kill us both?
"Your execution is so ordered. Signed, Kodos, governor of Tarsus 4."
Else you wouldn't even fucking be here!
Here none but soldiers and Rome's servitors repose in fame-- none basely slain in brawls. Bury him where you can.
He had gone and shit in his pants.
"I felt almost inclined to forgive the old pedant his stupidity and blindness, and I made no protest when Zoram and Zanam seized me around the waist and flung me at the feet of the nymph of the torrent."
You should break up with your fake high-school girlfriend.
Then she'll die serving her Queen.
"What, you're gonna rip the fuckin' bag?"
More than anything in the whole fucking world.
What? You watch porn.
And now they are all waiting for me to die.
A woman's body is her own fucking business.
"Well, it's been a shit couple of days, all right?"
We fight in France and the French fucking hate us.
What the hell were you thinking taking Rosie without asking me?
I just hope you don't mind working a crap job with me till we figure stuff out.
"So is this. ""You cocksucker."""
And make love to your woman On the bathroom floor
"I, on the other hand, am a fully-rounded human being with a degree from the University of Life, a diploma from the School of Hard Knocks, and three gold stars from the Kindergarten of Getting the Shit Kicked Out of Me."
"Well,I'd recognise that bloody awful perfume anywhere."
"It's exactly what I'm doing, you asshole."
"What, now that you're a big celeb, I'm sure this shit happens to you all the time, right?"
"It's mine, jerk-wad."
We'll give her fucking...
"This isn't a game. I'm in deep shit, and I gotta know what you're gonna do."
One guy's holding two guns to the back of your head.
Maybe I'll bring it up as one of our topics of the day so we can all bitch about it.
"levitate, act like monkeys, run around naked."
A detestable man... and a most disastrous guide.
To those of you sitting here thinking that... rehabilitation through gardening sounds too stupid to swallow... that's your right.
But no... here I am in the bloody Canadian kitchen of a sobbing civil servant dumped by his wife.
An educator using one's daughter as bait to rape her mother
"When he's through, we'll nail him."
That is fucking disgusting.
"""Shit, I missed that!"" the expert admitted."
You want us all to have a fucking orgy or something?
Marrying for money is the hardest fucking job there is.
She’s uneducated.
"And is this your answer, to kill us?"
"Yeah, these new shifts are kicking my ass, too."
She takes it black.
"""I'm warning you, Sheriff-don't fuck with me."
"Eat a nome and you die, that's what they've learned."""
I'll do my damnedest.
Damn it's cold.
"I speak Swedish and not Norwegian, for fucks sake."
Except for finding you disgusting.
Or am I just nuts?
I ain't got nowhere else to motherfucking go.
"Fuck face - Big Eddie, how's it going?"
Okay. You're virgins?
Should I shave my balls?
"Oh, shit!"
Then he impaled her heart on a spear from his scuba equipment.
"I said ""winners"" and ""losers."""
"The way you don't die, sir."
"Let's go, 'witches!"
"If they're down here, sir, we'll fînd them."
"The common field cricket, AKA Gryilus assimilis, which is Latin for ""suck it, you lose."""
It'il destroy them.
Shut up and kiss me.
"Bitch, you almost made me laugh."
It's a garbage holiday.
I wanna see him go down as badly as you do.
"Okay. Find yourself a lawyer, 'cause I'm gonna book you for murder."
You are the shameful legacy of the Drake.
"What the fuckdid you guys make me do, man?"
"I said, “No, the thong doesn't make your ass look fat."
They knew they would all die.
"Wait, I have to getmy shit together."
"But if you don't, get this gun out of my face."
You know damned well what he is capable of.
What are you bastards doing?
Sit your ass down and get yourself to work.
"Oh, for God's sake, Perry, adjust your bra, man up and fire the one with the least pathetic story."
"I just told Bert Vasco to get his ass up here."""
Tight-Ass pants.
Shit! I was so drunk last night.
Get the hell out of my chair.
"You moron, that's a faggot barber and he's got my diamond in his tits!"
So damn beautiful!
There’s juice and cheese and shit in the fridge behind the bar.
What kind of a psycho do you think I am? Exactly!
Pussy Willow!
"Sir, I beg to report, that we were over-hasty and said the Emperor's a fool."
"""You horrify me!"""
Or a drill through your face.
The Duc de Courey pushed him gently in the small of the back... ...and the wretched man plummeted to a watery death.
"You're fucked, sunshine."
I was sure you were dead.
"He knows we're seeing each other, and now he's on my ass about making something out of my life."
"And if there was one thing that Mr. Worf most definitely was not, it was silly."
I don't wanna talk shit about Meg.
"Hence, in this stupid trend of academia, it would be better to let the language die than preserve it you know, I could document a language"
"You yanquis, you come here and you pour money into the casinos, into the pockets of the gangsters who run this country. The same gangsters who murder innocent people like my father."
We don't need some court-appointed lawyer trying to bullshit us.
"Stay in shitty hotels, do American legion halls, v.F.W. Posts, have a few beers and enjoy yourself."
"A scrungie is used to clean out jugs, pans and stupid pots - like me!"
"Yo, you smoke this shit, and you wanna just... ...rip your clothes off in a phone booth and fight crime."
Not even your pal max. That louse!
The whole damn reb army is down there... and coming up around our flanks. They could be here any minute.
He's threatening to kill me.
It's a foul monster!
That's the drug they force sex offenders to take.
We never should have saved their technologically superior butts!
Sounds like he finallywent psycho.
"Until the part where he offered to pay me $5,000 to have sex with him."
I'm a terrorist... and you are completely crazy! you admitted that this man is your friend... he runs a sleeper cell in New York... you are and always have been his accomplice...
"'That's not a problem I have, actually,' I breathed, waving my fag in the air."
"In his own dysfunctional, dickheadish way."
"He gestured languidly, at the steamboatmen on the levee, the niggers toting their hogsheads, and all the richly dressed folk of the Vieux Carré."
Would you rather electrocute yourself or...
We didn't do a damn thing to this house.
"Damned interesting work, I'd imagine."
"Unlike your father, who is a brute."
It was a pity Kelly was going to have to kill her.
We couldn't put the guy away and... we're given shit the whole year!
"Whose idea was it to sell cookies in the first place, Which covered up your whole damn racket?"
"Ten minutes in this cold water, she'll be insane or dead."
I'm tired. I'm out of cigarettes. And I'm not gonna be hauling my ass all over Miami looking for you anymore.
Now let's go find a fucking pharmacy.
"She's totally fishing out right now, and I'm pretty sure she's gonna die! Please!"
"Fuck you! All right, all right!"
"His eyes had a queer look, black and flat."
"Now, piss off!"
"She started wearing slutty clothes, got her hair dyed... her bellybutton pierced."
Get the fuck out of my way!
I'll get sick and die?
Sorry you went doody in my hand!
Another crappy deal.
He asked if I'd suck him off for 500.
Anson kills my brother if this isn't done delicately.
"Yeah, shit's looking good."
I need you to drop the lung
Somebody dragged them out here and set them on fire.
"And if you want my opinion, he’s a creep.”"
Don't say that or I'll go crazy.
It's like there's this big fucking cloud hanging over your head.
jonas brothers xxx enrique iglesias sex scenes hentai akon basshunter bb8 big brother kama sutra nude amnesia ibiza 2girls1cup pamela anderson sex video wwe hanah montana power rangers mistic forse orgasm sexy girls linkin park
"Come on, Jack. Dammit!"
Ken is sick.
"Fuck. How're you feeling, Professor?"
"Those petty, multiple-meaning, sarcastic words, and those little, cynical lip movements. I realize now how sick I am of it, how much I hate it."
"It was his mother, pulling him inside her whore's crib, out of the sight of slavers who were prowling the night."
I gave him a shot.
You attend recovery meetings for sex and love addictions?
That's one ugly guitar.
"Hanse jerked when the bags vanished, and he wondered if he were not the greatest fool in Sanctuary."
You're fucking with my family.
"Chief, the Puppet Master!"
You don't all end up with a bullet through your temple.
"This is Glen Aldrich of the department of penises, of the department of pensions."
"""I've had the sort of day that would make St Francis of Assisi kick babies."
"I'll sign your dick, Doug."
So now you're a rat.
"Charles Burnside isn't in the common room at Maxton's (where an old episode of Family Ties is currently running on the ancient color TV bolted to the wall), nor in the dining hall, where snacks are available in the early evening, nor in his own room, where the sheets are currently clean (but where the air still smells vaguely of old shit)."
You are no different from that beast... that sucks the bones you throw to it.
"Yeah. The best shit, man."
I'm gonna put a baby in you.
Looks like he just rode down the hill and blasted 'em to Hell and gone.
Those groups are just for maniacs.
We do not need this battlefield to defeat Romans. I want to see their homes burn to ashes. Their harvest their fields.
"Hey, you two, shit's about to get weird."
"The Pagan leopards--the unrecking and unworshipping things, that live; and seek, and give no reasons for the torrid life they feel!"
It's a depressing fucking number.
It looked wretched.
Some assholes on the elevator.
"For our job, we need the fucking phone."
There's this biker chickthat andy wants to fuck and a guy named chess.
Trying to gauge Al's recovery and do you a fuckin' favor.
How hard is it for me to get some goddamn sugar in my own house?
I wouldn't let no bloodsucker get that close to my sister.
"Yeh! This whole time, I thought I was a coward."
"Their heirs were more often than not zombies, easily fleeced by men and women as greedy as the person who had left them much too much of everything a human animal could ever want or need."
So as far as you know... ...you have good semen?
"Better late than never, and all that shit."
I've been reading on the Internet That if you do these Flexibility exercises twice a day You'll be able to give yourself A blowjob in 3 weeks
"I mean, I can understand a goddamn or two, but why skip all the way..."
"Look, dick-head, it's your bad luck that we caught you speeding, and it's your bad luck that you had a bag of uncut cocaine."
"You tell me this shit just fell out your pocket, man."
"This hairless white ape would be the first of his new household, and so he threw her roughly across his broad, hairy shoulders and leaped back into the trees, bearing Jane away."
W-What the hell is this monster?
A cocky black doctor with a white doctor following him and looking at him like he's in love?
"Oh, fuck."
"Next time, be polite to my nuts."
"What the hell are you doin' here, Farva?"
"I have never lost you a case, Leo, ever since you put me on retainer 15 years ago, and, damn it, I'm not about to lose one for you now."
I love trash.
Shit! - This game has cost me a lot.
"""Department of Dirty Tricks"" as the Whitehall chaps call it."
"Jimmy, they'il be expecting you to take the last shot."
Throw me!
"Of course, it's silly to compare apples and oranges, but what the heck."
"Even when the soldier spitted the bastard on his sword, nothing showed in those eyes."
"We got fucking money on this, dude."
"Tell me honestly, are the people ignorant or not?"
This guy's just shooting up...
What the hell is going on with them?
"Uncuff me, otherwise my friend will come after you!"
"Unfortunately, first time always sucks."
Someone's pulling a dumb joke.
"Luton, normally a very sensible constituency with a high proportion of people who aren't a bit silly, has gone completely ga-ga."
"Hurt them, hurt me."""
"Ralph did remember something, but he was damned if he knew exactly what."
"""Since I told you to do it, I suppose I'm foolish, too?"""
"Well, I look like shit and I need to wash my hair."
Aw. They waited for my ass after baseball practice and got me.
Would you have them die in vain?
"I mean, he actually got her back here... ...without hitting her over the head and stuffing her in a burlap sack."
Then we're fucking out of here.
This is not my fucking problem.
You shouldn't smoke. - Fuck off.
"It was a bitch, and it wasn't going to be cheap, but it was do able."
We'd do the same damn thing.
"if I wanted to get shot at every day, I'd move to Los Angeles!"
Tell him to refuse me my rightful due is to slap my face ... to spit on the very Dragonbone Chair.
"I mean, the first time they stopped the game... ... to cut away to a fucking commercial,that was the end of it."
Now fuck off out of my house.
Snatch them from that... she is... it is shameful!
"""That was a blood sucking vampire."""
"Crap news, it sounds like."
The boys are about to go crazy.
Damn it.
What a damn day.
"Hey, the guys have free porn."
"Oh, damn!"
What is ridiculous?
Curse on this poxy weather!
"This guy's the meanest, the most pitiless guy I know."
"Yeah, another classmate/loser/lover like Daws."
"I remember every guy I ever fucked by how he liked to do it, not how I wanted to do it."
(laughs) Comedy. Terrific. Funny psychopath.
Who the fuck do you think you are?
What the hell are you two doing?
I don't give a shit.
The only thing that keeps them off my back is the certain knowledge that I'll kill them if they even think of raising a hand against me.
I was fucking scared.
"That's jellyfish, you idiot!"
"Nuclear stockpiling, persecution of Soviet Jews."
"And Severino, that trash-pail informant..."
Shut up. for our comrade.
"He went to the sink, held his cigarette under the dripping tap, and then dropped the soggy butt in with the dishes."
"Because of beasts like you, girls are afraid to step out of their homes."
I should have known that brainiac put you here.
Don't you fucking look at me.
I don't recall dressing you like a homeless dope fiend.
"And unless we can find someone to corroborate your sexuality, Preferably not some hot bikini model... We're screwed."
Nah I don't need a fucking map.
Smooth as a baby's ass.
What worries me is not knowing what time and which day they will kill me.
Damn.
China White and never mind that Mexican Brown that made your head ache and your bowels run.
I would've been killed.
I don't fuckin' believe this!
Especially when you brutally injure my boyfriend by ramming into him.
Get your ass back there.
Somebody git poor Bill outta the goddamn street.
"It should, it's your fucking rule!"
You're a real lousy card player.
Somebody's a sore loser.
"""If they kill each other off, we will be free to go on with our lives without interference."""
Somebody shut that dog up!
"Soto, get the fuck down!"
"He left like a thief, without saying goodbye."
I put it to you that you are the worst possible candidate ever put forward by your miserable party.
I was going to when I finished dickering with it.
You kill the best.
"Hello, Doomsday killer."
"No-one judged Isaac Newton when he were friggin' wanking on apples, did they?"
"In your travels, you will have more women than you know what to do with, and whatever son of a bitch you've been dealing with, should you see him again, I'll guaran-freaking-tee you you will look upon him with pity, and he will look upon you with fear... and you get to serve your country."
Wicked men cut out his tongue
Why did I catch another man screwing my wife in my own bed?
You're fucking kidding me.
I'll crush this thief... ask her how he looks like. ask her!
What the hell are you doing?
"He's kind of a dork, but in a sweet way."
"I mean, you come here, you ask me for, if somebody named Heroin has checked in the fucking hotel, 'cause you wanna buy drugs and that's how you do it?"
You're small but you got spit.
I'm just a dirty dog.
Pig.
I’m not gonna let her die.
have intercourse with your aunt?
Jimmy buffet! How would you like it if nobody could call your music drunken frat boy monkey garbage?
"If I'd punched you, you'd be stretched out across the floor."
"What the hell is it that makes her— He chopped the thought off again, and this time he felt his mouth twist in sardonic amusement."
"Well, you two look like a couple of boogies."
So I don't want to hear any more ofthis small-change shit.
"You wanna drive so badly, take out your own damn squad car. Oh, wait."
Cover her with your legs.
"You want to tell me what the hell's going on here, agent?"
(Handcuffs rattle) Threatening to kill her?
People are gonna die if that thing gets out.
"They are our enemies... and all who serve them, traitors."
Fucking relax.
That is rubbish.
I want to make love to a woman.
If you were fucking here!
It's supposed to be a fucking holiday.
So you want to fuck?
Don't you want to die with a clean conscience?
"""Darn,"" said Dubchek, almost angrily."
Clearly he's controlling your mind with his superior alien brain.
You look like a little dinosaur.
"Cap, knock him out if you have to."
"In front of all these people, you're gonna pull out a gun and you're gonna shoot an unarmed man?"
My shit is tight!
"This guy grabbed her arm, he's nuts."
"What the hell are you up to, Gates?"
What the hell was that ?
You want to flip to see who gets to shoot him?
"And like Johnny Cochran, this nigger hate cops."
I hate what's been done to you.
They think that just by putting their ignorant heads together they'il get their way.
All four were sentenced to burn at the stake.
This world is a lousy shithole.
Rat.
"There are a lot of people that are going to go to their graves saying, ""I know he did it."" and you know what? To hell with them."
Judah Ben Hur had you crucified in his place.
"The woman he knew well, a whore who operated in the eastern dock area."
I followed you... all the way to that shitbag hotel.
What the hell's he doing bringing a gun to work?
What the fuck's goin' on?
"""Ridiculous."
Damn it! Agent down!
I want to hug your body really bad.
Everybody knows you Navy boys take it up the ass.
You don't want to hear shit that means having to give up something.
"if you stink, it only costs us the train ticket."
I'm sick of this shit.
We'll go to the cemetery and summon the dark lord by kissing and junk. (LAUGHS)
"When I got home last night, Max had blown his brains out."
"Women in America feel that any act of sex, be it oral, erm..."
"You are the problem, mother."
"“Only because they’re afraid you’ll suck their blood,” I muttered."
"No time for silly nonsense, Azumi."
"Damn boat nearly hit us, and we ran aground."
You left a lot of shit behind.
"""allowing them to burn and slice through victims."""
"You got on your bike, you followed Petty Officer Boxer, and you shot him."
"A goddam drunkard who could not keep two cents together in the same place for long no matter what he tried his hand at, a man without the sense to keep his political opinions to himself."
"DEATH would have been Raistlin's salvation-"""
"Depart Italian soil, depart, the time has come... depart, all foreigners."
"I know, so hurry up already. If this is a trap, it better be a very fast one indeed, to keep me from popping back here and taking your head off."
"Poor devil had his tongue cut out, so he trained the parrot to talk for him."
She's here 'cause she killed another inmate with her bare hands.
Fuck you! I can say what I want.
I got him saving a black baby at noon.
The pink crap? She hadn't finished the hit before it killed her.
"The Germans are right outside Moscow, and London is practically bombed to hell."
"You wanna see that child, nigga?"
"We're all packed up, but the damn boat doesn't leave till tomorrow morning."
I probably sucked more today than anyone in the history of kung fu. In the history of China.
"According to your theory, you'd feel the same pleasure, even more, because there would be nothing in your head to say that you had a dick in your hands."
"You can if you bet don't come, but nobody does that 'cause everybody at the table will hate your ass."
"Prisoners of our past, our egotism and our ignorance, we wavered between confusion and doubt."
"Anytime we start getting into an argument, - we just have sex instead."
The men at the consulate who tried to kill you Were all involved in the same black op.
"He would die a vampire’s death this time, from which there’d be no returning."
"'Damn,' he said, 'but I do love an honest man."
Take your money and go to hell.
Don't be... useless.
"You can't do a goddamn thing to me, Hartigan."
"Men like old times, with black lung."
This prick leased a condo and God knows what else using my identity.
We've got get out of here! -Damn!
"You're a full-on criminal, aren't you?"
I think I broke half a fucking tooth.
You look and smell like a Gelfling.
"Your boobs, they're really... big."
"Pull yourself together, fucker."
You're husband's sick.
"Briggs, seriously, that joke sucks."
"Watch it, hoodlum."
"Come on, you're killing me."
"It'll be stuffy and boring, and the music will suck."
You don't put a fucking knife to their throats.
As if I'm just gonna let you rot in there.
Scare him back into his hole.
"No, don’t worry he shoots in the ceiling to scare his wife..."
Bastia's a team of goats!
You have a tumor in your brain?
"Oh, bugger."
This is very serious shit.
"I don't like the pig, but I like you."
"You stole my look at riches, you and your fucking monkey cousins!"
"Listen to me, dammit!"
"You're rotten, you know that?"
"No, I mean Screw being killed."
"You undersized-burglar!"" he shouted at a loss for words, and he shook poor Bilbo like a rabbit."
"Once you know all the cons, you can never be a sucker."
You're so puny
"The second time, he brought a transvestite prostitute to dinner."
Son of a bitch stole my watch.
"Unless you want a sexual harassment suit crammed down your throat, you will listen to what I have to say."
I'm listening. - Liar.
What man wants to be with a girl that smells like his wife?
"Once again, he'll blame his bitch mother for taking away what his loving father has given him, so thanks for that."
Come get her! Goddamn you!
Shit. I keep telling her how good she was.
I won't fuck up my life so you can find yourself!
Remember that shit?
They don't give a shit about you.
I think I just lost patience over the years and started treating her crappy.
"He can't remember your name, Maggie, and I'm the asshole."
And you are all screwing around.
That story about the god who fucks his brains out.
"Well, here's to the heart, goddamn it."
You monster. Myrcella is my only daughter.
Dana would never fuck you.
"I got a kid. -Shut up, fag!"
"Yeah, fuckin' Carmine Scarpaglia."
The niggers began to pray.
"Haphazard as hell, terrible drinker, but he gets the job done."
What is the goddamn alternative?
"Although Donna did seem to squash that one by telling everybody that we were having mad sex again, and Maggie was pissed."
Talk about your stupid obsession with jet packs-- men strapped to rockets.
"Yeah, come on, Jerry. Let him play the damn song."
"He wasn't supposed to be there, we weren't supposed to be there, and I sure as fuck wasn't supposed to be the one to punch his dialysis ticket."
I'm not scared of the whole midget... just the hands.
I'm killing.
Guess I was too busy having sex.
"In any event, we shall have the truth, and when we are satisfied with what you have told us, we shall set you free—perhaps even aid you and your companions—or we shall kill you."
"""Dean, why do you act so foolish?"" said Galatea."
What the hell does that mean?
Or a rope around my neck.
"If they got you, they'd put a gun in your ear and you'd give it up."
The rain had put a stop to that happy bullshit.
"Eventually I showed one of these copycat hybrids to my mother, and she was charmed—I remember her slightly amazed smile, as if she was unable to believe a kid of hers could be so smart—practically a damned prodigy, for God’s sake."
You'd bring her home to dad... if he was a degenerate.
"Go to bed, damn it."
This narrator might very well kill you... ...so I humbly suggest that you just forget all this and go live your life.
"Look at the damn body, man."
Whatever the fuck you call her.
"We'll need them to hit men!"""
I screwed you.
"So for now, these Iraqis who have raped and pillaged... poor little Kuwait are not yet in our gun sights."
kama sutra nude linkin park jonas brothers bb8 big brother xxx sexy girls sex scenes basshunter 2girls1cup pamela anderson sex video hentai hanah montana wwe orgasm enrique iglesias power rangers mistic forse akon amnesia ibiza
"He'll swear to what he heard from her own lips. And those society people in New York City, who live with their heads up their asses anyway, will believe him."
"So, you don't mind if I... if I hit that shit then, right?"
I'm gonna tell Jim to go fuck himself.
Something bit me! Fuck!
"And by deal with, obviously, he means... Shoot."
Uh-- - Are you the lesbian?
"Thank you very much for totally ruining a freaking brilliant scene, you jerk."
Uh-huh. She's a grown woman with stars in her eyes who's in love with a three-time loser.
But we've got to get him to eat more protein. He looks like hell.
"I'm a pianist, damn it."
Addons Although ... Addons All of us have blood now in our hands.
He's gonna call the fucking cops! Go!
Ghetto chick leaves her drug addict boyfriend's coke out for her three-year-old brother to eat.
I never want this shit to stop
"Toronto traffic is a bitch, Carla."
It's living that's hard... ...when all you ever cared about has been butchered or raped.
"Sweetheart, first of all. . . . . .we're not shooting the hooker scene until tomorrow."
"I'm sorry, that was inappropriate. It's just sometimes I want to rip the bangs off his head."
"""You couldn't kill them all if you were johnny on the spot, either,"" I said."
"Oh, shit! My friends are never gonna believe I was cruising with The Hurricane."
"Death had a temperature, and it was damned cold."
JELLY: That's fucking weird!
"Now, you -- you'll be living with a triracial paraplegic sniper until this all blows over, okay?"
I would've actually gone to a shtakhole like Texas for you.
Of course we are fucking with you.
"Can't bear the thought of being married, so you're taking it out on that poor, bloody machine."
He's a weirdo.
You're messing around with some black market shit now?
Fuck I care about East Baltimore:
I feel sick listening to your voice.
"If you want to know the truth, the guy I like best in the Bible, next to Jesus, was that lunatic and all, that lived in the tombs and kept cutting himself with stones."
What is of major fucking importance is that I believe you.
So just shut up and think.
I don't give a shit that ice cream used to cost a nickel back in your day.
This is not your place to die. Go back!
"No, you're the fake."
I can pummel you all night.
"That... long, hairy, red and blackbastard I found in the ammo crate."
"If they catch me, they'll beat me up!"
"What the hell, preston?!"
"Bitch, who brings a puppet in Hell's Kitchen?"
"You never know when shit gets ugly, right?"
"They pay you a poxy fucking grand a week and they're nicking 12, 13 large over a weekend."
If it were true... the boy who exercises his sex organs regularly... would achieve the greatest sexual experiences in later life.
"Whoever turns this traitor in receives $10,000."
"Oh, this time you have a few days to kill."
"She's, like, naked that whole fucking movie."
"""Hit me again, lke, and put some stank on it ?"""
Who the hell's gonna stop him?
"Well, if your ass wasn't a big chief and your pa wasn't a big chief, I would think we might all get a hatchet in the rear of our brain cells."
In exchange for me arranging your death.
"""Before You rush off to save the world and get your brains blown out, think about this."""
"Rainer, Wanderer, Asshole, whatever your name is."
"'Well, Mr Samuel, when I raise my hand the men behind me will cut you d–'"
Then Mr. Blonde starts to shoot all--
"We would have caught the bandit If blue and her gaggle of uglies Hadn't laid a trap of dark fairy dust,"
"Hey, you runts."
Put that boy in the stable and feed him to the ticking crocodile.
"Yeah, those are totally gay shoes, I've got a really good angle."
"It was real fear, bowel-fear, unadorned and ugly as shit."
"Did you know that lily and sleazy sammy got back together? yeah. Sucks, right? very much so."
"So, you guys jack cars, too, and shit?"
"The problem is, they're all bloody foreigners."
I slipped it over my breasts and buttoned it.
That's ridiculous! Mr. Peppy doesn't eat bones.
How do you work for this fucking drone?
"This whole situation, it sucks. But it's not fair to Delia if you can't be there because of me."
"It was his boss, Gordon Titus, who'd fired my sorry ass, and while I'd made my peace with the change in my employment, I could still feel a flush of adrenaline at the thought of the man."
What the hell's going on?
Just because I'm a fucking angel doesn't mean I can't smoke.
Now piss off.
Maybe you guys don't fuck up like last time.
Please. Valentine's Day was invented... to make people feel like shit if they're not part of some perfect couple.
That water looks fucking cold.
"Nice try, perv."
"Get a sheep, you know a sheep that is covered in poo balls!"
"Refugio, your hairs! Get them off your face!"
"It was Sammy Marchant, with his mailman's hat cocked back on his head in that silly way he does―he prob'ly thinks wearin his hat that way makes him look like a rock star."
Who will give the damn money me?
Referring a patient to Violet you should be referring to me because you're still mad and petty.
Where the fuck is hair and makeup?
Being charming and screwing a lot of women does not make you a serial killer.
Glen Menford's latest prote-gay.
"I don't wanna blow the arseout of this country grounded, but I don't want anyone blowing a raspberry either."
And we killed thousands of them.
Got to put down two dogs making my life miserable.
"If I'm ever like that, if I'm comatose, if I'm like a vegetable, pull the plug on me."
"Okay, first, shut up."
"Prudy, for once in your life, play it smart and keep your big mouth shut."
"Those two are gonna get themselves in trouble, end up in jail and I'm gonna have to shake my ass to get them out."
"""We've killed the whole Ringworld."
"Damn, bohannon, they had it comin'."
Fucking saved your life.
Stupidly expensive!
"Gentlemen and ladies, we should all be hanging from stanchions if the news is true."""
"Baby, you don't deserve to be living the way you are."
Suit yourself. I thought you'd want to cover the hippie you murdered.
MONSTER 2= He's dead meat.
Young Polish blood will be shed.
"Give me a fag, woman."
You rude idiots.
"Robert Gabriel Mugabe KCB (born February 21, 1924) is a Zimbabwean politician and considered by many to be a racist murderer."
His dream is to travel all over France with a circus.. He wants to bring back the tradition of 'clowns' entry'.
Don't worry dad I read your dumb instructions. Stop yelling at me.
"So if you wanna be stubborn and hang this jury, go ahead."
"That's actually more fun than being in shit, horrible--"
"He still had his hand curled around his mouth and lowered it quickly, feeling foolish."
"Thanks, cock."
I wanna see what your insides look like.
You mean he dumped you because he found out you were satan!
Everybody's killing everybody in this house!
"When you start to show and we can't hide it anymore, we tell everyone that you got your pussy fucked while you were on furlough."
God damn it! Stop!
"If you explode the possibility of peace, mr. Adams, And I tell you now, you will have blood on your hands!"
What the hell is that?
"I already told you. I have some questions, and I need some damn answers from you."
"I shot to him point-blank.Now she is very relaxed,it could give the blow him of grace with a stone."
"What do you want, midget?"
"In the meantime, his own personality should add psychological reinforcement to the command given the agents down below—kill the Four Lords, disrupt their timetable,, buy time for the Confederacy."
this whole fuckin' thing is a game.
"That's gay for lunch, honey."
"I'll be God-damned if they think they can take my license away! Oooh, hi Dad."
"Fuck, are you asleep again?"
"Okay, have fun dying alone."
This woman looks like a parker to me.
I don't know how people go through life with the same boring routine. - Just shoot me.
Sick. Mom!
He said even his most pathetic friends knew more about getting people interested in a website than these guys.
"Well, no shit, John."
"That damn brother of yours, is he somewhere about?"
I'm not fucking violent.
Hit this hard.
"Oh, that's nonsense."
"You got 10 minutes to make the last fucking chopper out of here, man,"
She's not crazy She's something wrong with the brain
I hate lan.
"Come on dude, don't do that shit"
Does the Mentat think I am stupid?
"Right on your ass, buddy."
You’re being really immature.
"God damn it, Hawkins."
She's got a fuckin' family!
Guys aren't supposed to be here without a goddamn escort!
"After hearing my testimony about his attack on me, they recommended the death penalty."
I don't even know what the hell are you talking about.
Suckled at your champagne glass breasts.
"McVries uttered a short, ugly-sounding laugh."
"Where the fuck you been, man?"
"Now, are you ready to die?"
And you weather's shitty too!
Maybe she can shoot a crossbow.
You're a weirdo.
What the hell do you want from me?
Can I ask you something Mrs. apple bee. Do you like fucking little boys?
"Tim, are you crazy?"
Am I the only one Around here Who gives a shit About the rules?!
What the hell do you think I've been doing?
"Listen, I'm sitting at a police station somewhere in Rhode Island, and they're shipping me back to Massena on some bogus crap."
"It made them look related, all members of the same inbred and cataclysmically retarded family."
"What the fuck, are you an actor or some bullshit?"
"I mean, kids are always dirty."
And even after she left he just stood... at the front of the class... crying like a total pussy.
Just when I thought today couldn't get any fucking freakier.
We might needs to kick his ass out.
Do you think I'm gonna kill your cancer this permanent?
"Cooks and architects, doctors and surveyors... ...moneylenders and wives... ...children, lovers, whores."
That's what the boys in black are for.
Are you really having sex with Dani?
They must burn creatures in there.
"A court martial awaited him, and then the firing squad!"
Being happy and being in love with you... Makes me a crappy doctor.
You have made Greece sick.
You could have been killed!
Don't tell your sister to shut up.
Fuck you! We're on vacation!
"Max, his wife, his kid, Roth. Even the goddamn horse died."
I'm throughbanging my head against the wall.
"It doesn't change the fact that we got two dead guys, he looks like hell..."
The metal rod entered the right side of the body and came out the vagina.
I think I was better off with that freak.
He cut his master's father just like in the face.
How dirty do you think h am?
"You'd fuck me, wouldn't you?"
You strong-armed me using the only weapon you have... your pussy.
Don't you die on me.
"If Sting comes on the fucking stereo, guess who's walking."
That shit's weird.
You nearly had sex on my desk... ...so I shouldn't be surprised there's a baby on it.
Cut your right arm off first. We'll talk after that.
"And Grace forgot and put him through the wash, killed him."
You're in your own hell.
"You don't believe the Fuhrer is man enough to ward off that Jew,"
"""American Idiot,"" after recording it, we knew we had accomplished something that was completely... above anything else we'd ever done."
Your fried eggs and tomatoes still taste like crap
"So you two, you've never had sex with each other?"
You want to remove half his brain?
I thought you two'd been married for donkey's years.
"No, no, no, no, Cass has got a good point. I mean, if she's gonna make a shifter army, why make one that's this sick, gooey, and dying?"
Then touch Wotan and we'll know your gods are weak.
"Bitch, I said get out of my car!"
So for you to think that you're the only person who got an itchy asshole in America--
I'd do 30 years in jail for the redhead.
He wants me to sneak into his mansion and take all of his crap.
Fuck.
"And he goes, ""You know you suck."""
This is not a fucking story.
"""I have permitted you to share this valley with me because you were the last of my sisters, and I felt some pity for one as ugly and purposeless as yourself."
He began talking nonsense.
This pen contains enough cyanide to kill everyone within 100-yard radius.
You came to me for help and I damned near clawed your face off instead.
What are you talking about? Damn!
"If you want to offer me a job, you should make it the best damn offer possible because, Mr. Bannen, no matter how enchanting you think you are, people get one chance with me, and if you screw up that chance, you may never see me again."
We got a fucking nursing home around here.
"""What'll I do about the safety cock, Cap'n?"" asked Turney."
"Tantric sex is not about talk, it's about action."
"Junior, what the hell?"
I'll try to take him alive.'
"Any minute now, we're going to find a gingerbread cottage with a cannibal witch inside."
"And you don't even save me any, you fuckhead!"
He's got this fuckin' case in his gut like it's cancer.
I fucking never get the guy.
What the hell's going on?
"You know, Alan, your eyes are red as hell."
"Not like that, silly."
As if figure skating wasn't gay enough already.
"'Cause I swear to God, man, I'll fuckin' write you off like that."
He's the kind of arrogant guy I always warn my students about.
"Death, yes."
Shotgun to the chest.
"That's a military commander, you fool."
What a fuckin' palace.
"Damn it, she shouldn't need sleep this badly yet, no matter how much stress she had been under lately."
"Pack your shit, John. You're coming to live with us."
"You're all flops. I am the earth mother, and you are all flops."
Did she lick your cunt?
"""Shut up, LaRoque,"" deSilva said evenly."
"Chrissie, if you want to go to prom, just give them the damn phone and we can be done with this."
"Get out, little hooligan."
"These people are killers. So, what, you can, uh, you can solve other people's problems, but not your own?"
I'd have been chopped liver.
"Holy shit, Chad."
Get off me!
"Any second, she gonna bite his head off, I swear."
Keep your goddamn voice down.
"If I'm gonna get shot at,I want hazard pay."
"You're so transparent,it's pathetic."
"Freddie, you little prick."
It's an exceptionally stupid idea.
"I'm sorry. I just pictured you and Barry having sex. And he's so big and you're so tiny, and I just..."
Just Eat Them.
"You're dead to me, rj berger!"
God.... damn...
An undying desire to majorly fuck you up.
It makes damn evil.
He could be tortured. I think that it's a little bit ludicrous to say that Bradley Manning's going to be tortured.
"After you've been to fight club, watching football on television is watching pornography when you could be having great sex."
"Oh, shit, Poppy."
"Don't be daft, Karl."
Why do you think she's screaming at me all the fucking time?
It says here that the russians exploded an a-bomb And there's not a damn thing we can do about it.
"What is this god-damned ""nice surprise""?"
I will dig a wide grave for you.
"I'll do whatever you want, except go back to Sam's pack and be the pathetic ex-girlfriend he can't get away from."
Froze to death last winter.
So I decided to kill my love.
"""It's all right for you to love Carescria and keep your damned sexy accent and even brag about the place."
"Ridiculous!"""
She'd be dead either way.
I dont care if she was whacked over the head by leprechauns.
See who is first to hump Miss Kim
Are you aware that whoever was in that truck foiled the goddamn crime?
"""Kill the innocent and you will sooner or later come to guilt, and with it you will come to impotence and finally despair."
It's not the right time to ride the damned tourist boats...
Damn near killed me for it.
"You didn't give a shit about freeing him the whole time he was Bad Bob's property."""
This cursed holiness!
"And sat, blinking stupidly at the pain."
Why did he fuck Daryl Hannah's stand in?
They killed him on the toilet.
What's a guy like you helping a loser like that for?
I care what happens to you.
Bastards are getting desperate.
Ten-27: Criminally insane with knowledge of state secrets.
When you stop being such a pussy about your ex.
"All right, let's pull the trigger."
Killed a cop.
"You know, for an NHL player, you live in the gayest house in the world."
The shit you make me do.
"Anyone tell you, for a car thief, you got taste for shit? Would you tell Dad to stop shouting, please? Mom!"
"It's because, if it wasn't for me, Vincent would have never even become a damn beast, okay?"
Shit. I hope he doesn't die.
"Hope you and your family like prison, because that's where you'll be rotting!"
No shit. And him taking stock of local operations tells me the guerrero cartel wants a seat at the table running the second biggest city in America.
Disgusting very good.
Later They are not expelled like we thought but exterminated.
"Frickin' shorting my circuits out here! It's inhumane, what it is!"
That shit is privileged. The press never Got ahold of that. ...i dipped them in liquid Nitrogen to freeze the blood
Not angry but like if a puppy shit on a rug.
"Eating, inventing, loving, praying fighting, killing."
"Though he pretended that the opinion of others meant nothing to him, Tom was terrified of making a fool of himself."
You can forget about the damn merchandising play.
How can he pull that shit ?
"You and all the corporate ""convenience"" criminals... are equally fucked in your high- tech heists."
"The last time a martial arts player from another style stood here and watched her practice, he had made the mistake of making some ignorant remarks out loud."
Don't die on me!
"Hey, I guess I really did screw you, huh?"
"Now, Williams, we're going to get that splinter out of you."
"Welcome back, bitches!"
"But suddenly Gollum remembered thieving from nests long ago, and sitting under the river bank teaching his grandmother, teaching his grandmother to suck-""Eggses!"" he hissed."
"Hey, Bitch Tits, you send out those coupons?"
What are you idiots doing?
"""Besides, Dr. Gregory,"" another chief put it, ""that radar of mine is still the best fucking system ever put to sea."""
The amount of alcohol I'd need... ...would literally kill me. Dick.
"You, Picard, and those like you are obsolete."
How do you think he broke both damn ankles?
"Nigger, things ain't never gonna be right between us."
"You're not a fool, Vogel."
Damn paperwork.
"Well, she wasn't here today 'cause she done split on my ass."
"No. - Well, then that car doesn't mean shit."
“Oh shit!
That mill must be destroyed.
Johnson's a suicide.
How does this fucking gringo know everything?
"Up yours, evil twin."
Enough? Instead of helping me and become a hero you hang yourself like a girlie.
Give me a fucking name.
Our goal is to mentally crush our enemies until they can no longer function in society.
Fem-Puter sentences them to death...
"""or I'll suck this chicken right in my gigantic nose."
Turn off the bloody radio.
"Yes. Disgusting, but all right."
I'll shut up.
"But this one, it can be a proper lunatic M5."
You're going to let me have sex with her?
'Cause I'm not the same jerk I used to be.
You like dags?
"Tunnels're thick with drow scum, and glad we be to see ye standing!"""
Find out what the hell he's up to.
Put the goddamn gun down right fucking now!
What the hell's going on here?
Think I’m falling for that shit?
"When I saw what was happening, I started shooting the crowd."
"""Bloody hell . . .,"" Fraser muttered."
"I am suck to the floor, like a piece of gum"
"Mandira, can we have sex please."
"They give them plastic keys to paradise, made in Taiwan, and tell them they'il go straight to heaven if they die."
"And I don't know, maybe I'm fucked up to keep fighting."
Wipe this off your face.
"We got a pretty fucked-up family, and it's nice having a guy like you around."
"Luck is for suckers, prieus."
"""What the hell did you expect?"
"Ah, God damn it."
These damn riots are no good
What a pity you must remain gagged.
"Miss, you can save your silly breath."
"Well, thanks a fucking bunch."
Do you prefer it if I live in a shithole?
"It's just a piece of nonsense to impress the peasants."""
Throw that in my face.
You're a very bad boy.
What the heck... you're the one who kissed me.
"Something from the Yucatán... ...some piece of junk worth half a million, according to Tom."
"But yeah, I'll kill Kenny's career."
"""You're it, punkass"" ""Give me five!"""
"I'm gonna throw you in front of the truck, and you're gonna have a run-over feeling, you hear me?"
"I'm quite certain this is all beyond your understanding, my alpha-male-monkey friend."
"Now, you go on and wank us out a good batch, there's a love."
You gotta be shitting me.
The rapist wants you to know he will never do that again.
"Harper, what the hell?"
It's never fucking enough!
"That was seriously fucked up, Alan."
Shoot me a line.
"What the fuck is this thing, man?"
"My husband is weak, he can not make love to me without out of breath"
"Go ahead, wolf-dog!"
"Just a little spanking, that's all."
Wait and see what happens to her when I fucking see her!
I don't give a shit what you want.
You gonna spoil him with that shit.
Nobody knows where the hell Ding got to.
"Price is $75 a fuck, my friend."
"No, but a fake orgasm is better than no orgasm at all."
"Hey, Monty, come pick up this damn wreck."
I think you're an evil man.
Mallory wondered if he were deaf-and-dumb.
I'm not doing any lineup... and there ain't jack shit you can do about it!
Only a mad man hears the truth as treason!
"Yeah, if you want to be some kind of sad loner trenchcoat mafia twazzock."
You think you're such a fucking free spirit because you shacked up with me for two months?
Why don’t you point that motherfucking gun somewhere else?
Whence the fuck did Wu reappear?
This is about you trying to instill in me some kind of Christmas spirit or something ridiculous like that.
The Bible is full of God telling his tribe to go and kill people belonging to other tribes.
"""Fuck you,"" Garraty said distinctly, and darted to McVries's side."
You hit me with a television!
"That's your last shot, little man."
"Broadway Bitches, to personally invite all of you to be our guest performers at an event we're holding this evening."
I know the whole bloody country thinks I'm guilty.
"I know, I just... I just never thought I'd meet a second man as strong-willed... ...stubborn and annoying as I am."
"Yeah, he's the freak who lived here before you."
"'What a vile man you are,' came a voice and Shannon? blinked and turned."
We got three of them fuckers.
"What the fuck, Hector?"
But Your Excellency-- -A liar!
"You sweet, silly boy."
"After noon today, these seven swords of yours will disappear from the face of the earth, and the village will be wiped out."
"""Damned if I know,"" Bickel said."
"I don't know, man, but he has got some elephant-sized balls."
I would gladly die to rid the world of the Borgia pope.
Instead of helping a guy out of his troubles they kiss some rich man's ass and hope for some money.
Can I have a fag?
"Why can't he just say ""I'm gonna break your legs,"" man?"
If I hadn't just fooled you like a little bitch!
Holy shit!
"you ain't much of a liar. - Mal, you cannot handle this man."
"""I saw a bunch of beautiful, angry black folk, down for the fight."""
Serena thinks Blair blocked her from getting into Hamilton House... ...and is going Jersey Shore on her ass.
Goddamn it.
Disgusting.
"She licked the bottom of his earlobe with a quick dart of her tongue and instantly there was nothing but his desire, hot and angry, more intense for the fact that he didn't really want to be there, that he felt she had manipulated him to this place."
You've done exactly what I did and he killed my wife and child.
How is it fucking Adam West?
They are the worst of the worst.
Just a workin' stiff like you.
Ever since then the government has been on our asses.
What the fuck do you want?
Hannah was miserable in school.
Just 'cause your daddy owns the mine doesn't mean you know shit.
Crazy! That's definitely the word.
I never thought I'd get married in a dump like this.
"I mean this, um, redheaded lady who lives in my bed was a real pain in the ass this morning."
Did you post an ad online seeking sex with an underage boy?
"""A bullet may take her out, but not down."""
Get over there. Shut up.
He's figured out there's easier ways to kill people than with a bow and arrow.
Somebody whose ex-wife own s the fucking trailer park is the only reason you got the job as trailer park supervisor
"Sensitive issue, these days, cops killing people."
"Nice try, big faker. Oh!"
She was turning tricks with some heavy fucking Russians who got her banged up.
The fuck are you looking at?
Shut up! You can't praise her.
I want to touch the hands that grabbed hold of that monster.”
"You've grown, asshole."
"Damn, Christopher."
"You think you're fucking cool, don't you, Ibrahim?"
I would probably have to go with the bullets.
Or at least a fucking blowjob.
"Antonio, you can't perform such a serious ritual just to settle the nerves of a crazy woman."
Now it feels like I'm being hit in the head with a brick.
"The hand on her thigh now moved between her legs, slid up until it was stopped by her crotch, and cupped her firmly there."
It's a fool's errand.
Get off my mum! Rudy!
"What is this, like, some CIA type of shit?"
Because I will jab this in your fucking eye.
She was scared shitless.
She's - - I had sex with Alice.
I got so fucked up once off 'shrooms that I started a fight club with my cats.
Damn right I am.
What the hell did they do to you?
Those three guards were cats.
She's so damned big that a few tons more or less or here or there doesn't seem to make any difference to her.
Look at this chump.
Please don't kill me!
"So now it's out of your system, go home to that girl of yours and start some bloody living."
I mean a man of your ability wasting his time photographing silly dresses on silly women.
Or let me get hit by a truck.
It's about you flying a goddamn computer console when you want to be out there hopping galaxies.
“Will you suck me now?” he asked her.
"...Damn, you're not naked."
"If I decide I want to send the entire damned Navy through the Manticoran Wormhole Junction, I have the legal right to do so and be damned to anyone who tries to stop me."""
"If you shit yourself with terror, going down, the suit's plumbing would take care of it, and no one would ever know."
"Finally it is to say that the arm stank as the whole beast stank, with the fetid smell of the black mist."
You're a closet squirrel?
"We take it to your place, and when Maria's dad comes home... ...and sees this beautiful tree... ...in your living room, he'll jizz all over it."
I'm not asking directions from a bloody woman.
"I don't give a shit who gave it to you, unless it was Professor Gerard, which it wasn't."
"From behind the glass of the picture by the door leading into the bedroom, the twenties woman with the bleeding nipples and grinning cannibal-teeth whirled around and ran back up the stairs, going with the jerky delirious high knee-pistoning of a vamp in a silent movie."
"Fuck, this town is small, huh?"
Whatever the intrigue you are now facing the death penalty.'
Caroline must be out of her mind.
"Even now he could see the queen of spades, with that stupid Mona Lisa smile on her fat face, slapping triumphantly down on his knave—the queen, as his partner had so sharply reminded him, that had been so infallibly marked with South, and that had made the difference between a grand slam redoubled (drunkenly) for him, and four hundred points above the line for the opposition."
"I'm just saying, he at least needs a bed to die on."
But Julie's gonna shoot herself if we bail.
And then the crowd would get their hanging.
Probably put him on the ground.
"""Arse"", yes."
You got a fascist as your first recruit!
The garbage parts of the food.
He was a black-cloaked figure whose face was a skull and whose hands were bones.
"I don't know who, but some sneaky scum right here... ...is after your life, Commander."
Blowing shit up is not just for terrorists.
"Incidentally, tell me, is it true that you entered Yershalaim by the Susa gate riding on an ass,accompanied by a crowd of riff-raff who shouted greetings to you as some kind of prophet?'"
"I have killed so many mothers' sons - trying to get her back. - Present, hua!"
"You're fired, you goddamn kid!"
"Jesus Christ, what is the Goddamn point?"
And the pee pees listen to you?
My sister's body is bonkers.
The name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble.
"""This is too damn much for an Arkansas farm boy,"" he said at length, shaking his head."
"She wasof the same kind, a vagabond."
You should go and live with your mother.
"Either we get her father to shut Skynet down... ...stop this shit from ever happening, or so much for the great John Connor."
"Your precious brother, Richie, was no goddamn saint."
Us losing our virginity together.
She was 19 fucking years old.
"Don't you spend five or ten or 15 minutes studying something, trying to figure out what the fuck it is and what it's doing on you in the first place?"
Leonard... ... if Hartman comes in here and catches us... ... we'll both be in a world of shit.
I've spent years trying to forget this shit.
"I saw your lips moving, but it was your mother's nagging-ass voice-"
"The reason you don't see patients is because if you know them, you'll give a crap about them."
"I thought... in my stupidity, that..."
You want to shoot me?
"Suvorov already merited death, in Russia, usually delivered by a bullet. . . but there were worse things than death."
First I have to cut and bang Mrs. Greenouse.
The kid will break her rotten little neck.”
"Though there will always be charlatans claiming... salvation lies in communications... microchips, the return to religion, physical fitness... or some other idiocy."
What in the hell am I doing here?
Figs are a vital part of a chimpanzee's diet and some just can't seem to get enough of them.
Bonwit Teller. Who the hell would want to blow up a department store?
"""Good fuckin luck,"" Poke said, still sulking."
They're the worst of the lot.
I'm talking about my fucking life here!
You can be a shrimper like me.
Ugly knitted or crocheted hats.
You know what really stinks?
"No bullshit, no arguments."
"Damn, I was hoping for up."
"When vampires live together for a long time and feed off of each other's blood, they form a nest and become sadistic and crazy."
"Ye're a stubborn gowk."""
You're a mother and you're a bad person.
"Those two eye cutters are technically senior to me, but if they ever tried that sort of shit at home, they'd be finished."
I remember your father reeked of it. ...Thorin son of Thrain.
They bound to get us all killed.
"You're a smart crazy, Ledge."
You go hit on Jane.
It'il be loud and nasty - my kind of kill.
God damnit
"But virtue, as it never will be moved... ...though lewdness court it in a shape of heaven... ...so lust, though to a radiant angel linked... ...will sate itself in a celestial bed... ...and prey on garbage."
"It sounds stupid now that I'm saying it out loud, but at the time it seemed..."
Are you gonna take me to fucking Arizona?!
Don't put your shit on the floor.
In short: a control freak and megalomaniac sociopath.
You fucking kidding me?
Cesar's a lunatic.
"And if any person shall utter any words of sedition or mutiny,- they shall suffer death."
Now she hates your guts.
"Maybe if you shut the fuck up, you'll live."
You're Dominic fuckin' Gray.
"It doesn'tmean shit to me anymore, you know that?."
That's more fucking like it.
I bludgeoned her!
"Don't die, baby. Don't die!"
Just your brain.
Please keep that inconsiderate beast away from me.
"Fix and Passepartout saw that they were in a smoking house haunted by those wretched, cadaverous, idiotic creatures, to whom the English merchants sell every year the miserable drug called opium, to the amount of one million four hundred thousand pounds -thousands devoted to one of the most despicable vices which afflict humanity!"
The holidays are nuts.
"That's all I need, a civilian exploding on my deck."
No... ...would you like to fuck her?
I fucking gave it!
"Russia, they've got fucking things moving in my cell, man."
"Well, I hope I don't come back in your body."
You're always in my mind; you're in my heart; you're in every fucking bit of me.
Why in the world would that demon or whatever put us here?
Now the whole damn town knows you're here!
I can't fuckin' believe it.
"Hell to pay, Rhys Williams, if you don't show."
"Just when I think I'm sittin' there looking at this goofy man-child who can't even put neosporin on his own elbow, and feeling like my life is getting claustrophobic and closing in on me, you say exactly what I needed to hear."
So she's completely insane?
"But right now, I need you to get out of my house. Before I kick your ass."
Laugh now you moron!
Then you frakked.
Damn this waiting!
I'm gonna get your fucking ten grand back.
"I want to disable them, but I want them alive."
That crazy prick must've provoked them.
"So, these boobs..."
She'll think twice about keeping her goddam legs closed next time.
"It said, ""suck it."""
"You must leave, because despite what you hope, I'm still a monster."
"Now I don't hear as good as I used to... and I forget stuff, and I'm not as pretty as I used to be, but goddamn, I'm still standing here and I'm the Ram!"
"I don't know what that is, but she sounds like a whore."
"""You caught some pathetic reporter, and Potter's Dumbledore's favorite boy again."
"Dorky chicks like you turn me on, too."
"If you're a third-timer like me, well, you're crap out of luck."
And don't tell me it's your goddamned stomach.
I once tongue kissed a Jamaican woman.
"Thanks to you, we're to be thrown to the Turks."
"Well, he didn't marry me. He married a corpse."
I'm gonna baptize you!
"Should we throw him back? - Hell, no."
Damn it! Lost the signal.
"Fuckin' A, the gentleman has a major credit card!"
"A blow job, would that make you feel any better?"
Get off of me!
"Foe! About, my brain!"
"Well, you better fucking hope your memory doesn't fail you."
I've been waiting out front for 30 goddamn minutes.
"Listen to me, Trash."
He didn't even fucking call me.
You had sex with both of them?
"Shit, why did I take it home?"
"""But it looks like those scum have given her a hard time."""
"With that, the meeting broke up, later than usual, and people left to walk out to the parking lot, where some fools, he thought would ride bicycles home, catch a few hours of sleep, and then bike back to the office."
"Like in high school when my friends came over, was he checking out their asses?"
I know fucking karate.
"What are you crying about, he-bitch?"
His blasted face (and Charlie had shown nothing but the most passing interest in that) was calm and impassive.
Fuck you and your mum!
And how I got my cock release with 12 years to be served?
"I feel like a fool calling you, but I think one of my clients, Paul Sheldon, might be in some kind of trouble."
What's to prevent you from doing the same damn thing?
You're not going to fuck my dad.
"Burn your hand, right?"
"You need to embrace your stripes because they are black, and they are white, and they are zigzaggy."
I'm the most horrible!
"So, I'm not an idiot."
"Well, they shouldn't be, because there's a fucking head in between them."
I don't want any fucking sandwiches.
Both Daesuhyeon and Jocheonsu I killed them with this skill.
killing radvd threw %s
And why the fuck isn't this war ending?
"We'll be in deep shit, Captain."
I'm going to punch you extra hard 'cause I secretly think you're cute.
This shit is hard to maintain.
Last thing Daddy needs is some trashy strumpet using his fragile heart as a way to his money.
What the hell is a mallard?
It's his foolish pride in a handsome son.
And he walked over... and he slit his throat.
"And conveniently, it's easier to shoot a total stranger than someone you know."
And the system sent Ward and Fitz in there to die.
"I mean, I am somewhat immature, but you're more immature."
The people in their so-called safe houses were monster fodder.
"Now that I'm a judge, I can say anything I damn please."
"Don't worry about it, I don't even have a piece of shit, I have to envy yours."
"It was this Friday and you agreed, so you're a liar!"
Mine! Kill her.
If I know Jess... ...there's some real nasty sad-suzie work's gotta be done... ...and Bob's the ninny that has to do it.
That shit is old.
Ridiculous. You and I will not make garbage.
Bad shit happens to people standing to close to you.
I wonder why I ever picked a loser like you anyhow.
"What is your problem, asshole?"
"Who are you gonna kill, Plank?"
Than getting neck tattoos And shooting your pistol off in the club.
Why come back into the city just to murder teenagers?
I fucking want my mum!
Why do not you and Dick?
His shirt is covered with blood; his wrinkled ogre's face is waxy and pallid.
"'Then again, the alternative is Brandon's wanking house.'"
They don't like the name Balboni around here? We'll move the whole fucking movie over to Mississippi.
Think dirty Harry with a sword.
"Hey, stinky monkey."
Do what he fucking says.
You see what that shit does to you?
"Damn, are more impaired than you look."
I'll need a tetanus shot.
It's the first three women you'd have sex with if your wife suddenly died of cancer.
"""Pufta you scum, you've sold out the fans""."
"This poor schmuck she's been pretending to date-- well, not even pretending to date-- she's actually dating the guy."
"Whenever her mom grew any extra fat, she had it sucked out and packaged."
"Hey, Uncle Charlie, you look like a '70s porn star."
Fuck. I talked to the guys who bagged the bodies.
"Arthur, you're such a philistine."
"""The Russians would send you to Siberia for such idiocy!"""
Or a liar.
"Shit, I'm out of the clouds."
"""We're going to rock-chimney it down to the garbage masher,"" Luke told him."
"How many others are wandering around Future Tech unescorted while you stand here like a big, dumb stiff repeating ""Sir, yes, sir."""
I'm paying for his mistake; he can pay for the damn house.
"Mr Shannon, over the past ten years, this committee has approved hundreds of millions of dollars for your research projects without having one good, goddamn idea about where the hell all the money was going."
"I mean, I-I want her to be a nerd."
"If they thought that, they would kill him for pleasure, or in fear, or"" (he hesitated) ""because they were hungry."
"Well, obviously not mad when you thought about it, but even so The rats behind were pushing him in that direction."
He should've been burning for weeks.
"No, I can't take my fuckin' brother."
Damn! I've told them a hundred times - store extra coffee!
Now we fight and there's no payoff. It sucks.
I Always take the part of my own sex.
Don't loiter around if you don't want to die.
"Not to mention the fact that Leslie's been waiting on me hand and foot and feeling sorry for me, and that shit gets old."
The boy looked miserable.
"If you punch me in the nose, I'd understand."
I can attack Yugi now with my Shining Dragon - - and destroy the rest of his life points.
lived a miserable and alcoholized live with his Isabella.
Arab women... ...stripped them of their tunicsand their swords and lances.
What fucking kind of marine Pisses himself?
Practically everyonein the whole goddamn family.
"So here he is, the thug that's been terrorizing the city."
What the fuck does Ward have to do with this?
Just don't hurt us. Shut up!
Are killed within The first 36 hours.
Fuck. You know what I think. I think you're actually curious about this house.
"I'd touch you, and you'd jerk away."
Ella would die before she stabbed me in the back.
"Nothing but troublemakers!"""
If you don't mind dancing with an old fogey like me.
"Frank old Buddy, Sorry to do this, but I have to leave town and have no time to fuck around."
"It seems wrong to cut him open, sew him up, and leave him, left with nothing."
We set fire to the city tomorrow.
"Lee... when people come into this office, you are a visual representation of my business, and the way you dress is disgusting."
Parisians look like tarts in those short dresses.
"When you are of age, you're free to fuck up your own life but until that time, I'm afraid it's my job to do it for you."
I hope this kid's a good liar.
"Once you've gone through sorting out bags of trash, get showered, and get your asses back in the kitchen,"
"Well, fire this bad boy up and sweep up the dust."
"Who would ever talk about ugly, miserable... ... moping Moaning Myrtle?"
"Heheheheh, Chanukah sucks."
Where's the fucking key?
It's damn hard to shoot down the enemy 100 miles behind the front lines.
"And over them, behind the glass, was Arnie's terrible face, the face of a devil sick of sin."
I know. Unless we go on some sort of special vacation to Mexico and... kill the doctor in the desert.
"Comes a time, a day like when the bitch just don't recognize the pups no more, so she don't have no hopes, nor love to give her pain."
...the only ones guaranteed to go to Hell are those who die by their own hand.
Amateur assholes.
He screwed us.
"If you have internal warts: do not use Aldara cream in the urethra (the hole from which urine is passed), the vagina (birth canal), the cervix (internal female organ), or anywhere inside your anus (rectum)."
And my friends don't fucking show up.
"'Hood's Breath, they're still looking for his body in the still-hot rubble of that damned city, and here you, are, a merchant's son three thousand leagues from Seven Cities with information only a few are supposed to possess.'"
"No offense, but survival kits are for urban sissies who don't know how to make a flotation device out of a pair of pants."
Dirty.
It's nearly nine o'clock... disgusting.
I'm gonna do whatever the fuck I want with it.
An internet troll. Is that like a cyberbully?
"The damn thing, it takes over the whole limbic system."
"Gentlemen, someone I thought I could trust is a rat."
Unless... we can find his grave and destroy him in it.
"I mean, I can practically hear her brain boiling!"
We're just trying to make this crazy ass world a little bit better.
Corrupt page
Where the fuck you takin' us?
"Well, she is a stone-cold fox."
"Oh, shit. It's Shorty."
I'm feeling horny as hell.
Fuck it. I get it.
Why do you smell like death?
"And the rest of you, you can just keep eating and drinking, just having unprotected sex all the time."
I think I sucked on it.
"Your husband and I, we do not see exactly eye-to-eye on how to achieve progress for the black man."
Move your crap off the floor before this eats it.
Wouldn't you rather just fuck me and never know?
Islam will never forgive you!
Left-wing priests have ruined religion.
It's in those losers' blood.
His fingers ached for the Despiser's throat.
He has vampire blood in his system.
First you feed me all this nutty assassination shit. Then you give me a blank tape.
"She's different, dammit!"
"Are you sure? Look, I'm not saying it wasn't traumatic for mia And for me, and I may believe in a lot of crazy crap,"
"Well, tell your friend that, in my experience, money-hungry thugs are like stray dogs."
Get them the hell out of here.
It's been a long fucking night.
Are you little idiot?
He's a rock 'n' roll poet sex god.
Go to hell!
A bloody ribbon trickled down from the mouth.
How many times would you have to be fucked sideways by the banks for that to happen?
Sorry. Don't be silly.
"So, unless you want to pay for it, will you please help me get this thing out of the room before the fucking maid comes back?"
Son of a hundred maniacs
J ust like my fuckin' mom. Like I told you.
Nothing but a bullet will stop me from trying to be with Lauren.
"And here I am, in this slutty dress, ready to party my ass off in the bathroom of a bar, acting like..."
Let's go crazy.
"I promised them results, and I'll get 'em if I gotta cut 'em out of her goddamn back."
If you don't... then I shall never see you again.
"You're funny, Marty-- the shit you get soft about."
"Don't make me shoot you, Justice."
You're a disappointment.
"You're gonna talk, Henson, or I'll put your ass in the stockade... ...so long, you'll forget how to."
"Attention, sperm."
"It's really stupid, but I've always felt if you could be... - the guy or gal to come up with a really good quote."
Anybody left in the hallway is as good as dead.
"Their secret would be kept, and I would die, sooner or later, whipped and starved, in the kennels that were the mines of Tharna."
You better come on and get 'em. That damn shop.
Who best to be at your side. To be your lap dog?
"Oh, you know, Frank. Same old shit."
"Catherine is mean and lazy,ruined by those books, and Suzon is knocked up."
Get the fuck out of my way.
"That's not his real name, silly."
Guts to do it. - Guts to buy myself.
"I've been nice. Now fuck off or I'll call the guards, alright?"
She would be jailed in a tower. Or dead.
I fucking told you!
I'm glad he won't be there. He's ugly.
Parents are irresponsible
I never got the sense that he gave a crap about me.
"The humans will be melted, as they deserve and then the factory will be destroyed."
That everything else could be filthy and corrupt... ...but that a man didn't have to be.
I can't have one of them being mauled.
Crazy people are wild cards:
Don't be silly.
Almost as stupid as committing insurance fraud.
Gourmet cooking. Shit!
"""You say that you are a coward,"" she said, ""and yet you have done all this to save me?"
Wimp Lo sucks as a fighter !
"Well, he'll do some sweating, then... die."
Tastes like chicken. The ass of a chicken.
"""The Duke Leto,"" Piter said, ""may attempt to flee to the new Fremen scum along the desert's edge."
"Okay,Look,Dan,I Understand That You're Mad,All Right?"
How in the hell did Kelso deal with all this paperwork?
"He seemed more interested in if, when and how... ...l was fucking Carolyn Polhemus than in his own investigation."
I thought it only fitting that I destroy yours.
Do you want to kiss my penis?
"No, it's shit that should've been done months ago, but neither of those cases got worked at all."
You are not getting away from this shit!
We shoot the whole thing on Wednesday.
They only bite when you touch their private parts.
"Your guts is all in your wallet and your trigger finger, you know that?"
"My name, you said my name. Dick."
"I'd blame it on the inner animal thing, but it was really just me... being an ass."
And I'm gonna get you the hell out of here.
You look like shit.
Jinx! You owe me a kiss!
"You'll be amazed, mate, fucking amazed."
Damn it. Demons.
"Yes, true, but if some stranger in a bar challenged you to a showdown, even if you knew that you were gonna get your ass kicked..."
"Babies who had been sucking toothlessly at their mother's breasts when Flagg first came to Delain had grown up, married, had children, grown old, and died toothlessly in their beds or their chimney corners."
Hold up! - I ain't pulling no shit!
"You got nasty in Africa, didn't you?"
"This is 500 a gram, but when you shoot it... you will know where that extra money went."
Just point and pull the trigger.
"You can tell your mistress to go to hell, too."
Pathetic.
Being trapped in an elevator with you while you whine about your stupid life?
"Well, barramundi is a bloody big fish."
A clean kill.
My father will tan my hide.
"""Every hour so many damn things in the sky!"
Plus this riot shit.
"A Yunguai, a devil."
I still can't find the stupid olives.
"Billy almost got his brains bashed in by her pimp, but we managed to impale the assailant with a boom pole through the chest."
He'd slit his grandfather's throat for a bent copper coin.
Do you like dags?
Come on! Fix that shit now!
I gotta get that shit out of here.
"He sends two albinos to suck my brain, and then he goes after Magnus, and now he's back here."
"I'm gonna go punch cleveland."""
"You give me a fucking tuba, I'll get you something out of it."""
It's 7 in the fucking morning!
"I do not know what shit he's pulling, okay?"
"Your wine is like crap, pretzels are stale."
Wicked!
The only entrance I've seen is a rat hole.
I'm calling a goddamn ambulance.
Go screw!
"It was always good to make folks laugh, but it was better when you knew what the fuck they were laughing at."
"The boy's hopeless at masturbation, he needs a lesson"
"My problem children are careful not try any crap whenever an officer's around, but the watch logs tell me they're giving plenty of trouble when we're not there."
My family will die!
That London boyfriend's trying to fuck her up. That's my theory.
You have sold for 4 bitches a lot worth a million!
Rotten bastards! - Go back where you came from.
"""Cedric, this is ridiculous."
Don't tell me you want that shit!
"What the hell are you doing, Major?"
"Get it mended, and find that rat."
"She may be showing off everything she's got in a ratty dive full of horny drunks, but Nancy's the safest gal in the world."
"Just say ""wanker"" or ""crumpets""... you know, that funny stuff you say."
Run on in the house. Pussy.
"And I think we can all agree that the fountain has no place on our street. Yeah, we've got to show those gays we mean business."
Let's get this shit over with.
But don't you want to have wedding night sex with your dress still on?
"You had sex with Subway, and I recorded it."
I'm pretending to be calling my friends on the cellphone while my man waits for more sex!
"No, don't kill her!"
A foolish move...
"""You're insidious, Nur."
You are the only fucking person on earth... that I can trust.
Who doesn't want smaller trash?
I say we throw her out.
"Well, we both have Latin blood and we both peddle tits."
"Ma! She's a goner, Rocco."
And why in hell did you need a rest?
What a freak!
Froze to death last winter.
"Die, man."
"Attention, mouth. Please blow in her ear."
Burnt meat and tecate.
"""Don't get pigheaded on me, Web."""
Get the hell out of here.
"""Don't be silly,"" said Gala."
He shot us out of the damn sky!
"If anything happens to my daughter, you better I don't give a fuck about Hey, look me in the eyes."
"""The whole world knows nothing will make an Englishman shit quicker than the sight of George Washington."""
"If he was still alive when he fell, the bones should have bled."
Men are all the same! They break woman's hearts and they don't care!
I wouldn't kill her!
"Why the hell are you talking funny, anyway?"
Go back to hating me.
"Crack? Yeah, cheap, dirty, same high at half the price."
The cops are gonna be here any fucking second!
'No shit!' Warren said.
"If the Chicago Mafia were savages, then the Boston people were gavones, or uncouth louts; ruffians."
"From my cubicle alone, I can hit five hotter girls with this tape dispenser."
We'll hit them back 100 times as hard.
He's not worth a damn.
Get the fucking van ready.
This is amazing shit you got going with them kids.
"If they cancel this order. I promise you, I will throw you off this roof."
"Let's have sex one more time, And if you have any extra cash, that would be amazing."
"It's ridiculous, even for you."
"What, you want me to come out looking like you, cactus butt?"
I thought you'd be a wacko when I heard about you But you seem normal
"Personally, I find those Italianshoes very effeminate."
Perhaps you would like me to turn like this so you can bunny-bump against my back?
Maybe I should tell her about the time I made a jell-o mold of my butt.
"Man, I would give my right arm to have that shit on tape."
"This ithe ""I'm not a slut"" date."
"If you don't tell me, your friends will die."
We'll beat those Klingon devils even if I have to get out and push.
"We're gonna fucking do everything we always talked about, man."
"Hey, everyone away from the fucking windows! Stay away from the windows."
"If you had any real balls, you'd jump off that bridge."
"Stu: ""Damn right!"""
Put a bunch of sleeping pills in a bucket of slop- basically the pig version of how I got you to marry me.
"This time, he killed someone."
Do you think they give a shit?
So you were what you've eaten isn't just a bitchy thing my mother says about fat people.
I don't want her to have to fucking cope.
Do not be mean to my friend. You are his gay brothers.
Blow up France or something.
Stupid ain't one of them.
Wouldn't it be better to have a kid with someone who wanted to be its father? lt'd be a fucking genius.
We've got to warn those planes there's a lunatic pretending he's the tower.
Get your ass back to the elevator.
"Tom, I don't even know where the damn server room is."
This was going to be fucking detrimental to your health.
Whatever brought you there brought you there to die.
Where the hell did he come from?
"And if she doesn't, I'm gonna start by smothering latina Barbie, then the rest of you, one by one."
"Go mad, scream, make him feel welcome:"
"So we're looking for a small, angry white guy with a day job?"
"Hit him! Hit him, Ted. - Stop!"
"We were about to tickle the old Jew into speech... ...but you'il take precedence, being a Saxonknight."
Sokowski got us trash detail.
Who cares about being Jane and Brad's stupid couples friends if we can be Max and Grant's stupid couples friends?
"I wanted to suck the fingers of my left hand, but this would not do, not here at this moment, when all gathered to coo over the ikons."
"Then you'll be a vampire, and there's nothing more I can do."
Don't worry. Cos there's no way I'd fuck a solicitor.
"Here at the Titty Twister, we're slashing pussy in half."
That's all I want... is a shot.
"All black workers had been forced to go into the pit stark naked, so that they would not be able to hide stones in their clothing."
Get those people out of here.
"Ooh, ooh, because she's my ex-wife... ...and will probably wanna bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner."
Damn it. They're still here.
"Shit, those two were so alike. – What do we know about Anita Vanger? – Cousin and Harriet's closest friend."
"We're on the same fucking side, guys,"
Nobody'd do this shit for 70 grand.
"Since we're not here, I don't remember what the fuck you didn't say."
We need a heap of bloody bodies so when mob boss Wallenquist looks over his charts of profits and losses. He'll see what it cost him to mess with the girls of Old Town.
"The first lesson you learn from me if you wanna survive here, is keep your mouth shut."
You sound and look like a man I don't wanna be with.
He thinks your mom's good for a bonk.
Take your shit and get out.
Shit! Open the door!
"Candidly, Mr. Jacobi, I think you arean unpleasant man"
"Oh, sweet Mary, that is sick."
"Pay me 20 bucks, I'll tell you. Ridiculous."
Did you just call me a loser?
"'Damn it, Kelly, we had her saved!'"
"That mom thinks that I am a crappy doctor who screwed her kid out of a future, and she is not wrong, because all of this could have been avoided if I had just..."
'But I happen to know some shit you don't. my friends.
"You know, like, one time, I asked someone to punch me in the chest and then come on that spot."
"You will die and then,then Downey and Sally and then Greg."
And you hurt damn near every one of them.
Who cares about this stupid race anyway?
You tried to kill me but the map is in my head
You're crazy If you think I'll be bonded to you forever.
"Shut up! That's enough, Ben."
"Truth to tell, there's only one thing people really want to know about dinosaurs: why the damned things are all dead."""
Goddamn. - So one little guy has already spent a year and a half in jail because his lights didn't work.
"""These mad Fremen hold a burial ceremony for every captive and act as though such a one were already dead."""
"I know what DNA means, but I don't understand the rest of it. Are you sick?"
"I killed a creature,' he lied, 'for its flesh."
"And then this file is just a piece of paper, and these dirty, trickin' pain in the asses, they got nothing on you."
"""You believed the silly Emperor was the prize we sought,"" Bijaz said."
"All right This is bloody humiliating, l won't stand for it!"
It's the greatest sorrow of my life. Marry my mother!
"Number 1. Never touch a Hmong person on the head, not even a child..."
That's what you get for messing with my woman.
"So, I hear you're a machine... ow! Traitor!"
Some men are harder to kill than others.
So... who do I have to fuck to get off this boat?
I mean an atheist... that's just about the worst thing a person can be!
"Who does that to someone that they love, you lying sack of..."
"Yeah, you think you're hot shit?"
Get off of me!
"They looked up at me stupidly and pointed, but just then the ""hetman"" of the Szgany came out, and seeing them pointing to my window, said something, at which they laughed."
"I'm not an idiot, Freddie."
"Oh, you're so fucking hot."
No. It sucks the lives from their bodies and forces their desiccated husks to attend summer school.
Child sexual abuse.
The FBl will bury you with fucking help.
"Did I help your shut-in kid sister get away from her weird, scary-ass squatter family?"
"Because honestly, I-I-I don't give a shit."
I watched you kill three and maim a fourth.'
"Yeah, you got to stop immediately, tell her that you respect her far too much to continue having sex with her."
You were always too pudgy.
Isn't that diabolical?
"Damn it, I want to be a part of this thing."
Then I jerked him offNeven though he was dead... ...to make it look likeNthere was come everywhere... ...to make it look like it was her.
"""I'm worried about those darn fool brothers of hers,"" Flint muttered, ""although I don't know why I bother."
Why an outsider would come allthis way to kill my father.
"I just built my god-damned house, and now I'm being run out by a bunch of lizards."
The one with the drug problem -- your lesbian lover.
They have seized my child and they will destroy her
"Judging by you, yout old man's kung fu stinks."
You're worthless.
The world is becoming more and more violent and the idiots in charge are making it worse.
Go ahead and punish me.
Fire on us and you will detonate it.
Is this some war shit again? SHERl:
Loves this girl over here talkin' shit.
A little anal sandpaper massage should get the rest of my night off to a good start.
"If you did, you'd know you'd better get your sorry government asses out of here."
What the hell... Are you okay?
"First, take off that stupid mask."
"In a couple of hours, you'll come down off of whatever shit you took, but in the meantime, you need to follow my instructions."
"Trouble with me is, I start betting you heavy after you went 100%, and I rode you right into the fucking toilet."
I want that boy out of here.
"""Curse it!"" exclaimed the Canadian furiously;"
You're right-- All you need to know is we're gonna torture you and you're not gonna like it.
You think I'm just a jerk trying to pick you up?
This was your shot. They robbed us.
At least you admit you've fucked and finagled your way through the centuries.
You're not supposed to talk shit on the phone and you know that.
Cause crybaby hit on seventeen again.
You should've seen it before your horde of camel riding illiterate descended upon it.
Did you have sex with Grandpa before you got married?
Ellis literally took a piss on the prototype.
"Sam, you sly dog."
"Thank you, master of the bloody obvious."
"It's a fiuckin' jacket, Phil!"
You look like you're about to shit yourself.
I wonder if they gotta take a shit too.
"No, I think you're the loser, not like your brother."
He raped her! My real name's Remi Francois.
So I told him I'd put him out of his misery after a botched suicide effort.
Where's your stupid stamp?
"If they fall under, then they rot."
"There's only one fucking way to find out, isn't there."
Raise a good kid. Not gay.
"I b’lieve any bloody dog will stay still an’ howl when you’ve just lowered the gravestone on his tail,’ said Gaspode."
Frankenstein has squashed Zombie Man's head with a brutal foot stomp. Zombie Man is done!
You're gonna fuck a guy who doesn't know your last name?
"His faith had also been vindicated, and his bitch had been satisfied."
"He just said, ""Throw them out."""
Save your spit and fire for the bandits.
She thinks the deadline doesn't mean shit.
Kenny set himself on fire... ...because he saw Terrance and Phillipdo it in that dirty movie.
"Why the hell did you stop me, then?"
"Hey, can you catch them with a clothesline?"
"He stopped, a curious expression suddenly crossing his rat-like face."
We fucked your mother!
You in a hurry to hang yourself with it?
What the fuck is taking so long?
Darn.
At least I've got somebody who cares enough about me to slap me.
"If I was in your position, I'd beat them to hell."
I'm fucking going.
"She's just a bitch. You know I love Darnell, but if it'll get this guy out of our lives... maybe we should consider, you know, killin' Darnell."
"You know, when I was your age, there was only one thing you were allowed to be-- a man of the world, a goddamn man of the world."
She trying to kill me?
Even if she fornicates like a demonic weasel.
They're pussies!
"Damn, looks like John still owes money to these people."
"four, - This will be murder! - five, six, - Are you ready to murder your friend?"
"What are you, her pimp?"
"""Me, too,"" he told her, ""and not just because it means we're officially off the shit list."""
And that's where you'dstill fucking be if it wasn't for me.
You hit me like some goddamn wrestler.
"No, I just told her about my new jacket, that it sucked."
"Remember I told you, we have a place there, and he's out of town, so now I can get my shit."
Trying is the first step to sucking.
He has no idea what the fuck he's in for.
Couple of weeks in this crap shack turned into a couple of years a little too quickly.
"All right, let me simplify this for you... Every half-hour, I shoot another hostage."
"""Ass Strat."" What a joke."
Like Mozart and that other fag Keep it clean.
Push this arm in front of his face. Go into his lung.
"C'mon, Jimmy, do this or let's get the fuck outta here."
"What the hell, man?"
That was fucking crazy.
I think that she might have been having sex with these boys.
He worries he missed killing that child in its crib.
"Still, um, last night and this morning -- it wasn't bullshit."
You need to be aware of all the major sexual organs.
Courtney put her back in the bed and tried to make it like she was raped.
And out of doors is a place where penises don't generally fare well in the rain and the wind and all that.
"One long rock-'n'- roll bacchanalia where the music never ends, the groupies never get older, your dick never shrivels up and falls off from some unspecified venereal disease."
"You would say that, Fin Arvin scum!"
"I would want to forget killing Maria, too."
"Compared to a Drac, very ugly."
So I found a pretty lady with a dumb husband who had some money.
"“Holy crap, isn’t that Frankie DePasquale coming along beside us?” Tony said excitedly."
"""You two hussies orchestrated this,"" Du Havel muttered."
"""Darn it,"" snapped Sharon with irritation as she ripped out a letter from the platen of the typewriter."
What the fuck are you talking about?
"I'm worried about the kid because if this, you know, so-called mother is making stupid mistakes like that, you know, choosing you over me, then what other mistakes is she making?"
"You'll get to see my breasts sag, my teeth fall out... ...and my hair turn gray."
"Christ, you're fucking me!"
Your ass on a plane.
“I lose my mind every time I come inside you.
"Hey, man, no offense, But we are kind of ass-full of angels, okay?"
"They never call and if I blow them off, that's it, I'm dead to them."
"The law is here to protect you, Cosette... ...from criminals like this scum."
"Holy shit, John, it's almost 7:00."
Foolish Dog.
"Shit. -I'm so sorry, Danny!"
Fuck the last action hero!
'Surely one of the rats who-?'
Better get your ass off this deck.
It just sucks being a single parent sometimes.
"And when you have money, you don't have to hang out with any poorass loosers like you guys."
"Loc, you better stop clownin', get your G.E.D. before youend up like that brother."
Get your ass in the trunk.
"You better fuck off, Harry!"
"So you would share your bed, and your fortune, with a beautiful fool"
And how the hell am I supposed to get over a guy like that?
"The Archchancellor, who regularly used the long gallery above the Great Hall for archery practice and had accidentally shot the Bursar twice, thought the whole faculty was as crazy as loons, whatever a loon was."
I want a butch dog.
Just open your damn books already.
All I did was shoot the goddamn Video camera
You're looking at a guy... ...who personally has had sex with over 137 women.
Are you fucking serious?
Going left. Shit.
"They're just like that""--I held up two touching fingers--""except that she hates his guts."
None of your damn business!
"And the asshole at Eye Spy denies Gault was ever there."""
Why not take off your silly uniforms and jump in with us?.
"I told you that one, damn, crime scene."
I'm too fucking old and I didn't bring the right shoes.
You're happy and better and I'm the screwed up one.
That shit's depressing.
"You're forgetting the computer, damn it!"
Are you crazy?He can't go through all those lasers!
"Damn, tell me if you love me!"
"Men with diabetes, men with prostate cancer, men with massive penile injuries."
"He finds some tramp woman who's responsible, swears he'll strangle her."
"I don't want to go alone, damn it!"
"These three suits who have no damn right to be in my house, these well-tailored thugs, they tell me the boy’s mother was Ahriman’s patient."
"You tell him, dog."
'YOU FUCK!' Carrie screamed.
"No, Stephen, I cared about helping you. Bullshit."
You don't know anything about her and I'll be damned if I let you use that kind of language when you talk about her.
"When he snaps it at you, I want you to suck it in."
‘Damn the ice!
They sucked me dry.
We need pussy.
Damn! Do I have to do everything myself?
I am gonna puke.
How am I gonna relay what these two nutballs said to me unless I say it.
"Then you try to have sex with them,and,hmm."
"Best bloody supper on earth, mate.'"
"Hold me close and kiss me, Katiusha Let's be happy and gay, hey!"
You can't have a gay laugh.
Rats are everywhere! Get 'em off of me!
He's crazy! His wife's not here!
Where the fuck are you going?
'Cause my company ain't nothing but a bunch of sniveling bastard weasels.
The pig's teeth.
"My name's Milly, not ""dumb kid""."
Your dad was shot with a .45.
Don't play dumb!
"I was jumped by her thug boyfriend, and she was a dancer."
You and the rest of that fairy-tale trash poisoning my perfect world.
He's always saying he knows all these fucking famous people.
"MC Gusto, my African-American women readers would like to know why you refer to women as bitches."
How dumb do you think I am?
"OK, shithead, your wallet."
I have calculated the time and two seconds is the exact amount of time that's a hazard to my fucking health!
"Block him, Goofy!"
"I know You understand that niggas ain't perfect, but we try, Lord."
I said all that stuff about how you sucked.
Because I'm a selfish idiot.
"Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with grief."
This time we wait for the bomb squad.
We can't use this box for garbage!
"It's angel faces like hers that are going to walk right up to you and give you a great big smile, and then blow you the fuck apart."
THAT'S THE WAY A NANNY IS SUPPOSED TO SMELL.
You'il find two bullets in him.
"Damn it, you saw him coming."
Why would you risk everything slumming with those losers?
Nick the dick is home.
"I remember his smell, the stink of him!"
I bet he sucks dicks.
You'll die. You don't need to die for me.
I don't know who you think you are But before the night is through I want to do bad things with you
"At quarter past ten, Vic slipped out of his Ad Worx office and went around to Bentley's for his morning coffee, unable to face the bitch's brew that was available at the office."
"Get your ass down here, Frank."
What if it melts his brain?
"Because he wouldn't piss on us if we were on fire, and if he was really desperate... for a piss."
"Since I was 16, nigger, I'm saying ``frosty.``"
"Hey, with enough curse mojo, you can turn a freaking pencil into a weapon of mass destruction."
Vampire.
I deal with every fuck on the planet.
"You interfere with me and you will get some of my men killed, and I will not allow that!"
"Three bookies' worth. $1,235,000 and 65 cents, motherfucker."
Can I buy you a shot?
"We've done more bad shit than good in our lives, and it's time to pay the piper."
'cause I get embarrassed talking dirty and I can't eat pussy.
I want to get punched in the face by Mike Tyson.
Are you insane? I can't protect my buddy from here.
That's not very damn funny.
"I said, ""Okay, go fuck your mother. """
But it’s too fucking late.
And this little fuckin' guy answers the door.
"Sorcerers and dark wizards are everywhere, Ready to do the bitng of whoever pays the most"
"How can all those canals and bridges and cobbled streets and those churches, all that beautiful fucking fairytale stuff, how can that not be somebody's fucking thing, eh?"
Swedish fireballs.
"Leave her out, please. She's 16, for fuck's sake."
Hector suarez just got taken in. Shit.
"That way, when those bloodsuckers come back, even if we can't kill them, we will make them wish they were never unborn."
I didn't kill him. Liar.
"If she didn't sell this,she was stuck in hell."
"I told you a thousand times, only take food from the fat kids... and you never take a kid's dessert."
"Damn, she was hot."
"Another arrow hit him high in the back, but he ignored it, and carried on cutting and killing."
"It's covering me in shit, but I love it,"
Because you did not belong across the world with the bloody Stone Men.
I don't wanna hear that shit.
"Now, sweetie you don't believe them silly dime novels, do you?"
You know what would kick ass?
El Diablo's the meanest dog in the fights.
Can't see I'm talking? You dickhead!
"But if you take that crap and put a star in it, then you've got something."
Dicky boy!
"That handsome little thief taught her a lot, and only a little of it about Sanctuary."
"Maybe if I see him and tell him how I feel, I can finally get my balls back."
"Dumbass, why didn't you say anything?"
Shit if you can sell.
Quite clearly she was evil; she was antihuman.
You didn't have to kill that sentry.
Dad just loves to bullshit.
I'm fucking her.
Have you lost your fucking mind?
"It's in my contract that I only play blondes, non-Irish redheads, or bald sex robots."
Don't defend that self-centered brat.
"In Neto's hands, they would've burned."
"I just asked him if he had a fucking part, and he said he had this part, so I said, ""Okay, let's do it."""
When you get your buddies... to punch you in at work while you play hooky.
Dad has to piss off.
"Yes, she's stupid as usual!"
"We're gonna strip the skin from your bones, but that was funny."
RAPID BEATING Are you on any medication?
I am not gonna have sex with Chazz.
"Well, we ain't here to play fucking XBOX."
"No, there's not gonna be any goddamn face-off, all right?"
This doesn't prove shit.
Come out with your fucking hands up!
The crap they sell in the restaurants I had to run to the toilet.
"Combine a little derring-do on my part, a little dumb muscle from squirrel, a little bleeding from moose... Happy ending."
"Oh, he was horrible."
I hope that nigga inside.
"You're typically... fucked up American romance writer, who... fancies herself a poet."
You scared the shit outta me.
"Yeah, it's detergent or some shit."
He knows we're here and ready to shoot.
You meet a real woman and you turn in to a wuss?
I'm just gonna kick it here with the woman.
It was a bonsal suicide attack for the rest of these guys.
Which someone put all the way on the other damn side of the room.
The carvings and rococo finishes are fucking marvelous.
"I wish! An uncle in the government, secretary of any darn thing?"
"Where, on his evil villain to-do list... steal blood, perform 3 massacres,"
"We have one missing, dead, naked butler... one host with a butcher's knife in his back... and one poisonous scorpion crawling up our sheets."
And leave me the fuck alone.
"And when that flash went off, my eyes were finally open to the fact of my own craven stupidity."
Where the fuck's my Tru Blood?
I got to kick asses sometimes.
"Zack, I realize it's a difficult concept... for a bitch magnet such as yourself to grasp, but did it ever occur to you to make a little effort ?"
Is that all you've fucking got?
And I've been busting my ass to be a better singer and dancer for two years.
"I know who killed him, damn you..."
You've been bitching behind my back?
So you like raping girls?
I don't give a fuck what he's saying!
Fuck. Stop pointing that thing at me.
"Oh! Damn, you just got schooled, Mr. Jamison."
It's a truly hideous and ugly way to die.
"You went to him with a fucking deal, didn't you?"
and a brain shaped like a pretzel.
"I'm 17 fucking years old, I don't understand."
"If any of you think you're going to receive special treatment... ...please understand that in this facility, we believe in equality... ...no matter where you come from... ...no matter who the fuck you think you are... ...you'll all be treated the same."
And this imbecile here all Sundays took the tractor to go to celebration.
And the fool doesn't even know it's here.
"So don't try this strong-armed cowboy crap on me, cos it won't do squat!"
Now you're cutting his throat open?
Dying sucks.
"If I didn't save you, you would die"
"""Bloody hell."""
"You're just a virgin, that's all?"
"These Orientals, if they heard some of our number preaching against this truth, would stone them!”"
"Oh, shit! - I'm sorry, Paul. I know this is a bad time."
"Unless, of course, you think the rapist is gonna just move on to the next apartment filled with nubile 19-year-olds simply because your door is so damn annoying to open."
I will kill! in the White House!
Where the fuck did you get that?
You've got a stanchion growing out of your head.
"Man, it's no world revolution. It's a fuckathon."
"""Don't be a fool, Caramon."
So maybe you just don't understand who the fuck I am.
Would you fuck me?
It's feeding time at the fucking zoo!
I won't fight with those low-lifes.
There's more sex appeal coming on the first of the month.
"People pontificate ""suicide is a coward's act""."
"Shut up, Celia."
Now you go stick your balls in a cup of hot cocoa.
"It would seem reasonable to conclude suicide, sir."
Damn cancer. Sometimes I wish I hadn't beat it.
It wants your fucking PIN number.
"They're all criminals, delinquents, vile--"
Little white man. Fool poor Pawnee.
Cos I'm sick of fucking repeating myself.
"Hostile warriors all around him, hacking and slashing."
"The black pirates of Barsoom have stolen her."""
"Fuck me, he's gonna call your parents."
But you're my father. Why can't I discuss sex with you?
"As twinkly-eyed fuckers with a pig under their arm... high stepping around the world going: ""ill paint your house now but watch out, I might steal the ladder, hohohoho."""
Have you lost fucking mind?!
"The last day of class, I dropped the bomb on Elsa, she-wolf of the SS."
"You'll put water in it, you'll drown her."
Of course he bloody knows!
Who's going to believe that insignificant man?
"I quit my shitty cheese job, moved in with my parents."
"If she is the same little strawberry crackhead I let go, she was there, but she wasn't a witness. She didn't see anything."
No will. Maybe Cranston can't get her land unless he kills her and buys it from the estate.
Can't a man get one fucking minute of peace?
"'Frank, what was the name of that guy who worked the Gooding case, the Navy gay?'"
"Darling, you look like hell."
"I love the hidden rhythms of the game, the timeless contest reflecting our own eternal youth, not to mention the players' asses in those tight pants."
"This shit is between me, you... and Mr. Soon To Be Living... The Rest Of His Short-Ass Life In Agonizing Pain... rapist here."
"They had everyone to believe this is a perfect village, and kill anyone who's threatened to change that."
"Peter can be cruel, but he knows the getting and keeping of power, and there are signs that once the bugger war is over, and maybe even before it ends, the world will collapse into chaos again."
"Casey, you could've told me... ...that when you said this place was a godforsaken slime hole... ...you were speaking literally."
"Well, I wouldn't necessarily say ""ass."" Oh, big baby, thoughtless moron, uh..."
So quit being a fuck mouth and tell me where she is.
"And at the first sign of trouble, you show them your ass?"
Reliable and frumpy or stupid and glamorous.
"And if Laura and her bourgeois lawyer friends can't handle it, fuck them. Let ´em riot."
This is no goddamn engine room!
"""No, you dummy,"" Gaunt said."
Mark's above all that nonsense.
Still a bitch.
Shit… what's that?
I want to see the look on his pathetic face today when his love makes her first wish.
"Yeah, well, I'll have the crime-scene guy run the tire tracks, but old pickup trucks in Harlan are just like assholes."
What the hell is a saguaro?
I'm gonna try and go bang those cheerleaders.
You can frakking beat anyone you want.
"Boy, if your smeller can pick out a wagon track on them rocks... ...you ought to have been born a bloodhound."
I'm mentally incompetent and can't manage daily life.
"Men who killed their wives, wives who killed their husbands, mistresses who poisoned their parrots."
I'm such a ditz.
It gets to sometime like I can't even fucking breathe.
"Pops, you should've smothered him in his crib."
You stop fucking looking at me.
"You don't fucking come to me, Sandy?"
"Kurt, uh... I've been sorta dealing for months with you being gay and everything, and now you're telling me that's not the case?"
The penis would rise not because we are excited but because we order it to do so.
Have you seen those black men?
I mean... I'm sick of being a fuckin' disappointment. I...
"You... no, no, you madeit a fucking big deal."
"He’d be late to his embassy office, but his gut told him that things were breaking loose in the RPG Case—that was how he thought of it—and Director Murray had a personal interest in the case, because the President did, and that made it more important than the routine bull­shit on Reilly’s desk."
Billy this is the scariest son-of-a-bitch I've ever seen.
Mom fucked my ex.
I suck. This woman was mulched in an elevator shaft.
It is about killing his wife
Useless garbage is broken down to its basic molecular components then recombined to form a whole range of useful new items from bedpans to bowling balls
"Breacher, the dude's fucked up!"
"Fuck, I'm late for work."
"This horse-faced vile creature, did she put you up to this?"
"A few drops in his drink, and then I'll propose a toast... and he will be dead before dessert."
"Hey, Keats, take a gun."
"Well, if I choose to choke you, what are you gonna do?"
All you have to do is go up those stairs ... and good fucking.
Wanna barf in my mouth again?
We figured a killer like the Goat would have a good chance of...
I mostly just hurt people! Shit.
"And if you continue to harass me or anyone else involved in this campaign, I will have you shoveling reindeer shit at the Christmas parade."
"A massively built Negro leaped over the body with his ax raised in both hands and Cyrano, withdrawing the blade from the first man before he hit the ground, ran the axman through the adam's apple."
He's the Jaffa scum that I sold the explosives to. That's all I know.
"No offense, Chief, but you don't look much like an Indian."
"Yo, Burns, what the fuck?"
"Come here, you cheap little slut."
He was completely obsessed with these damn mirrors.
Damn it. Jake? Did you break my tooth?
"And let this be a lesson to you: beware of the whore of Babylon, even when she assumes the form of the most exquisite creature.”"
You've always been a cry baby about things.
"Damn, baby! Why you wanna do this to me?"
Have my back and stop being so goddamn disappointing like everybody else!
The water will kill you!
The little fool must come to realize this sooner or later!
Enough of this crap.
Get down off your horse and don't do anything stupid.
Fuck! Are you fucking with me?
The hell you do!
"Look, no hipsters and no virgins."
You're too damn cocky.
It's just the prospect of being junk-sick.
"What the fuck are you talking about, Stanley?"
It's ugly capitalism.
...what are you old farts talking about?!
The poor donkeys!
Oh I'm a fool.
But it is hell to die too.
Or we'll put your head under the blanket.
"Always starting wars, always killing people."
"Franco, he's gonna die."
"""Cover your naked cheeks with your breeches."
"I told Matty you were upset he doesn't dance, but I didn't know he was gonna be such a spaz-hole."
"But holy shit, Lana..."
"Shit, what a girl!"
Your Honour! My client is considered as a madman.
"Take the classified, burn the rest."
Girls? You call those skanks girls?
Is that What you fuckin' call it?
"Shit, it isn't that hard."
"One whore or two, who cares?"
"You burned your cover in Beirut to ﬂoat this operation... which, as of 20 minutes ago, is officially shit."
I'm a failure!
"So he shot the teller, buried her in a shallow grave, changed his own clothes, buried them, so he wouldn't be recognized."
Why are you trying to k-k-k-kill me?
What a fucking summer that was.
You think I'm nuts.
"This gang is just a bunch of, er, showboats."
"I guess if you can find that one person who's willing to put up with all your crap... and doesn't want to change you or dress you... or make you eat French food, then marriage can be all right."
"The both of you, stop fucking moving!"
"Guess what, shit-brick, it's a wedding."
"Your wife's rocking body still drives me crazy."""
You kill her mother and now you've come to threaten her?
"He's allowed to touch anything above the waist, and her boobs are so low, that doesn't really allow for much of anything."
No. Are you aware I kill at will?
"JACQUl: Big Russell Townsend, aka Bubblehead, was merely the latest in a long line of bouncers to decide he'd rather be king of the Cross than a humble shitkicker."
Get off me or I'll put one in your head.
"Where'd you fucking park the car, Boo Boo?!"
"No, you haveno fuckin'idea, do you?"
Sweet little Jeca watched her mother fuck the junky bums.
You with your head of a bull and heart of a hawk!
"Yeah, let's get you guys home so your dad doesn't bust our asses."
"And they keep that for 20 fucking years, this mug."
"""Scream your goddamn head off!"" shouted Jason."
"Then, goddamn it, you'll start acting like Marines."
One of my eyes is close to useless.
I don't know anything - about a conspiracy. - Liar!
"Dumbfounded, he stooped while she took his hand and, crouching slightly, slid it to her crotch where his fingers were immersed in a veritable puddle of thick, warm liquid."
You can't fuck them now.
I'm sorry I was such a bitch.
Sometimes we got more shit than the real owners. It's beautiful.
I fucking need a fucking lawyer.
"Well, as arrogant as he could be, he was right."
"That you didn't kill Red John, that you lied about it, that you did a lot of stupid things to cover up the lies, and that now he's back, and you're very sorry-- that truth."
"And if you fuck up, it'il be on your head!"
I'll show you how you can screw yourself.
"I escape from here somehow and walk around and touch people, trying to help, and I just end up killing everybody."
"It's not just scumbags dying, it's families."
"To be honest, I don't really give a fuck because you lied to me."
I can't take this shit anymore!
"He might be an environmentalist, but he was no fool."
"""Brian,"" she blurted, ""I'd rather die than be friends with you."""
"Now, give me your panties."
"No, I want you to set a fire so goddamn big... the gods will notice us again."
Is there a shower down there? 'cause I bet I just reek of her.
I'm jacking off.
Calibal had been a stern parent to the son he had not wanted and the boy - ugly and awkward - could do nothing to please him.
Did you even check the goddamn crew manifest?
"If you're here to shut me up, you're wasting your time."
That's what the fuck I'm talking about.
IKilled something every damn day.
What the hell you have in here?
"Every time we go somewhere, you find some way to fuck it up."
We'll have to get rid of those soldiers.
You'il end up dead like them.
R.U.F. It's a death squad from Sierra Leone.
"I'll take that as yes, because if I have to come back here it is gonna get fucking ugly."
"I must go up to Jerusalem... ...and there, with ill-usage from thechief priests, elders and scribes... ...must be put to death."
Burn.
the teat of your own mother.
Just how well do you sleep at night? Fuck you.
In the head.
'What the fuck's going on in here?'
Underneath it the queer mist eddied in a great swirl.
That's for Night Bitch.
They all look like superstitious rubes.
I hereby sentence you to death.
Go back to Kickapoo you fat-ass momma's boy!
"If by gay you mean the old English definition... ...of 'fun, enjoyable and carefree,' then, yes, it's extremely gay."
I could've nailed them all You ruined it!
"You expect us to believe that a captain, even one as vile as black Jack, would shoot his own man? You know Randall."
When Connelly was tracking mud all over the damn place.
I wonder what kind of punishment will befall the ignorant commoner... ...who tries to enterthis sacred dream?
"'Poor bastard paid the price for it,' a Navy chief observed to his Air Force counterpart."
"Andrea shared a couple of bottles of wine with the soldiers, found out that they had killed his parents earlier in the afternoon--they had been foolish enough to resist."
"You shoot one, the rest might swarm up."
It's fucking exhausting.
"Then if you shot him with a starter pistol, perhaps you could explain to me... how Barnaby is lying in a hospital bed fighting for his life."
Less crappy apology?
"She, like, fucks shit up, leaves, and blames it on, like, her marriage or her relationship with her dad."
He wasn't killed in the fuckin' fire.
"""But perhaps even THEN you were a bigger fool,"""
I'm gonna see if I can get one of the evil cock gobblers to cover my shift so I can get over to the DFS and start tracking down the kids.
Then show these fools how a true warrior acts.
"Honey, if I was a fat girl, and your name was Sara Lee, you still wouldn't be getting in."
Kill the drug muling or I'll let the rest of the club read the letters.
"I mean, these fools that Kidnapped this little boy didn't get caught, and I don't thinK any of them had a master's degree from Harvard."
Shut up about God.
"When I am a man next year I'll nail him by his hands to the schoolhouse gates, then I'll take a whip to his hide."
"You're going to take the bullets to Mr Scaramanga, because, if he doesn't get them, he may not show up at the Bottoms Up."
This man is sick.
"Hell, my wife and child are in there!"
Don't go throwin' ghosts into all the nutty crap you used to believe in.
"By order of Zebulon Vance, governor of this great state of North Carolina, any soldier turned deserter is guilty of treason, and should be hunted down like a dog,"
"She looked like crap, too, like she'd been sniffing glue all night."
At least we got rid of the chicken shit.
"Previously on ""Weeds""... ""whore""?"
Damn it.
Every fucking time.
"I do feel a fool. Quick, take it away before the girls get back."
Two damn tired legs.
We shouldstop pussyfooting about the Russians!
We're looking for a murder weapon.
So I can fucking take it from you.
I'm gonna be too busy fucking models and shit.
You want to fuck with Daddy?
"""Has anyone thought about how desperate the Russians are? I mean, sure, the Pope was—I guess he still is—a political threat of some sort to them, but, damn it, this was not a rational operation, was it?"" Jack asked."
I am going to my daughter's gay wedding.
I asked her to have sex with me. And she said no.
So she shows up at your house and rings your doorbell... ...and in front of your whole family tells Mona you guys have been screwing.
More than a nigger can spend.
At least there was one thing in this damned world he could appreciate.
I said shut up! Captain Bogomil didn't call the FBl.
"Christ, he thought, where did women come up with this crap?"
She comes up to me after fucking debate practice...
Tell me what the fuck is going on!
"Bah, I don't know why Hitler bothered with you Polish lot."
McDreamy is being a McAss!
"Labor day weekend, that raft, moonlight, glistening nipples, I lose something I'm too old to have."
Your head will explode one of these days.
You're on the street selling your body for sex.
Who do you think will see you getting killed?
I got-- I got a lot of shit to do in here.
"Take weapon, stand in front of one of the our shoot him and not even blink."
Those wooden teeth are killing me. That lisp is stupid.
"When he starts killing your people, you can use your justice."
We want the fucking money.
"What the fuck is a ""barger"" system?"
Where the fuck's my money?
It's ridiculous on a woman at her age.
"People saying stupid things, being uncomfortable around me, telling me what I can and can't do."
"Seriously, Lauryn, they're killing your sexy."
Toss 'em in Jimmie's garbage bag.
"It's like a dummy, Captain."
My nephew's in the fucking hospital.
"All they do is eat, sleep, poop, and cry."
Let's go home and have sex.
They shoot on sight.
"If you'll excuse me, ladies, I'm gonna go hang myself."
"They're containing the fucking city so nobody can get in or out, even the president."
Fucking hell. We were in Camp Delta for about a year an nothing happened.
"You, droids!"
"Indian Muslims will never forget the Gujarat massacre of just a few years ago, where a BJP governor seemed to wink and connive in the slaughter of countless Muslims."
"You had sex with Katherine five times in one day, and me, three."
"No one, slave trader or Bedouin... ...had ever seen anythinglike this mad American... ...who fought like 20 men."
The headline read SATAN WORSHIPERS DESECRATE FLA.
"No,I'm not going to punch you."
Ventrians killing Ventrians!
I try to make you miserable to make you leave.
You watch your fucking language
I'll meet you in the dumpster.
"Not for any of your future shite, but for her."
"And, you know, it's a woman fucking a horse."
"I don't know, just... people and fruit and shit."
"I admit that I don't much take to magic no true dwarf does-but it seems to me that you're a damn sight better off being a wizard than a follower of Belzor."""
"I got vaccinated from this school, and I clearly have ass burgers."
"Yo, Buns, what up, nigga?"
You will all be shot anyway!
Why do they put so much stuff on the table? All this crap?!
"Take yourself right there, find your ass a bunk."
"""I didn't say anything specific,"" Patrick said apologetically, ""but it was still a dumb thing to do."
Whythe hell would you lock me in here?
"Charles, have you been keeping out of my shit?"
"If he gives you any shit, you have my permission to castrate him."
I don't think I can take nine months of this shit.
"You know when you buy a tape or something, or an album the bands put them in some fucking order so you listen in that order. I hate that."
Can anybody tell me where the goddamn misdemeanor A-forms are kept?
Because I hate the infidel.
He's going to wish he was dead.
Monkey boys are feeble.
I look like the world's saddest raccoon.
"""Damned thoughtful of you, Cottshall,"" I said, holding out my hand."
Bloody gangs.
"'The Post,' Wheelock says, and Willie dimly sees the asshole raise his hands slightly apart, as if framing a picture."
How did I fucking miss it...
I feel like I've fucking...
I still remember spankings I got from you with those war clubs.
Wouldn't kill Bertie?
I don't think she wants the shot.
"No, Logan is a repressed WASP and Max is a... a broken toy."
"Cut me down, boy!"
"""life imprisonment,"" shit like that. You know what I'm saying?"
Chang and Shirley had sex on Halloween. - Huh?
Damn it. I don't think Beck can hear me.
Your tailor'd have a heart attack--let me hang them up.
"I don't wanna give my two cents but if you do want my opinion, rest assured it will always be that you're an incredible pain and every time I see your Kewpie-Doll face it just makes me want to pick you up and shake you until all the hours of my life that you've wasted fall out."
"Bold move going to the press to land yourself some publicity, but ultimately idiotic, kiddo."
Ozzie and fucking Harriet here.
"You fucking understand me, Ray?"
And I'm gonna give you a minute to extricate yourself up out my face before I have to paint your office with your shit.
"""We'll bring it out when we're fucking ready, right?"""
"Next time you plan on saving my ass, tell me before I go to the store."
Shooting someone ain't gonna bring nothing but badness.
Shit. Leave your fingerprints cos he gonna eat up everything else.
"Fucking zoiks, I know Adrian Prussia..!"
"'Cept for that nigger Scar from New York, Edmondson Gulley is wide open."
She's always gonna be the girl who got naked in front of my boyfriend.
"The trooper limped back, drawing his revolver from its webbing holster, and shot the animal between the eyes."
"So, you know, I can come down here and we can bullshit the whole night away."
She's the one who sings that ridiculous song.
"Nothing but a windbag, an opportunist."
"An evil man, a powerful man, hated and feared. Rejected even by Rome herself. He called upon the powers of darkness for the means to damn the lovers."
Damn the expense!
"Jane, she hates your guts."
Tom likes 'em coyote ugly.
My Lord has sent Ninth Chan to kill the professor.
He's a drug dealer.
What nonsense are you talking right now?
The hell -- security!
"Look, I hate Eagletonians as much as you do."
"Aron, like your father, wishes the Turk driven from his country."
"You shall age like them, you shall die like them and all memory of you shall fade in time."
Marsellus fucked him up good.
He ain't nevergoing to shoot nobody again!
They fuckin' go bankrupt.
"It was some sentimental, dopey identification crap between, you know, her and your daughter."
Now how the hell are they gonna get off that island?
I can suck any information I want right out of you.
I'll show you fuckers.
Holy shit.
"What shall I do with the blind fool, Father?"
It's all just... junk in our dna.
And then we'il begin to hunt you.
"Magda, kill the engine."
Shut up shop and fuck off back to Peckham?
The police won't do fuck all.
What if that old man Lipnicki crawls out from under that junk pile and eats us?
"It fucking happens, the fucking gun he was cleaning... when he shot himself was mine. - Is that so?"
"I hated and I was afraid of our father, but he was a lesser evil than you, my bastard brother who loomed over me, threatening me as you are now."
What the hell do you want them to say?
"There's a black guy on a golf course, and these people want him to caddy for them, but he's not a caddy."
"But the lawyer guy who sorted it out, he turns out to be a freak."
You reckon he's some kind of midget? He's lying!
"Evidently the man had been an extremely nasty fighter, and not a man to be sneered at, however gimpy he might have been."
He's got a damn job. That's why.
"If I don't bring back some money, they'll all die."
Poor old geezer. With a crazy father like that... no wonder he switched his name around.
"Mm, well, uh... (CLEARS THROAT) You're supposed to kiss her on the mouth."
This is the same monkey from the coroner's office.
And where the fuck could he get a gun and a silencer?
"She might be able to get 'em over her hips, but to pull up the zipper, Janet's gonna have to pop off the bed, suck in her gut and use the pliers."
Only if you want a hero's death.
"Man, my bubbe's gonna be so pissed. Shit."
Grey another bleeding liberal.
"""Sorry"" goddamn don't get it!"
What if it's some disgusting alien?
You had to begin to wonder why the monsters were so damn comfortable around me.
"Who the hell let you in, Leonard?"
"Dawg, I didn't do this shit, all right?"
We killed her!
There ain't nothing out there but some old cattle thieves.
"Your plan is so fucking simple, I'm sure they'll fucking understand it."
"You were a drunkard's dream, Quinn."
"Are you insane? We can't do 1,000 cupcakes by tomorrow."
I got a hog! - He's hid out behind the house!
"Godless, mindless and tuneless."
If you were not a bride. . . . . .l should kiss you goodbye.
It stinks to high heaven.
"She is just a child, and yet still you piss yourselves !"
"If I had one of my legs cut off, Can you still love me?"
"But just so we're clear, Bruner if you put that priest on the stand again, I will fire you."
Behave yourselves or bugger off!
This shit is straight off the damn boat.
But Mister Mildly Neurotic Introvert with a highly sensitive ego... he has something.
'Cause he's the first sucker that nibbled at our bait.
"Burn her, Wallace, while there's still time."
"I know most people think you're just quirky or weird, Odd... except Stormy who thinks angels fly out of your butt. But I know there's more to it."
"If you knew who I knew, you wouldn't be popping at the fucking gums, you know?"
"An idiot? - No, Lee, that's not true!"
Little reserved for Naomi unless she has some naked firemen jump out of those swans.
I could have killed someone.
"What, are you crazy with this question?"
That is the last time Robin Hood makes a fool out of me!
"""Robertson's not that stupid."
You got the balls to do something like that?
I prefer you blonde.
What the hell is Jewish Kung Fu anyway?
In his mind it wasrt rape.
"Ah fuck Captain, was this all the work of Valdon?"
And what the hell is that?
Get the fuck out of here!
Perhaps with a stone tied to your legs.
They're reallyclicking sexually.
Now tell me where the mask is before I cut you both down to my size!
Yeah. Darn.
Would you like it if I nailed you by the ears?
"If it clots, she's dead."
"Oh, Mark, that's disgusting! -Sick."
I don't think we should be taking dog advice from your father.
"""See,"" he said with a grin, ""I knew these damn things would be good for something."""
"I'll denounce the industry, fuck, I'll denounce death in general, okay?"
That's what double-fucked the Confederacy.
"You guys have been having those disgusting dreams, too?"
"""Damn it, Raul!"" cried the girl."
'cause I'm gonna break you down till I get the truth out of your ass.
What a bunch of crooks!
She attacked you with a meat cleaver.
"There was no fishing duty, no gardening shit, no hassle from Bugs or Etienne or Francoise."
That is why we all dirty and desperate.
"No, he's talking shit, it's the painkillers."
You've seen Cordula's pussy?n?
Does your husband know you were screwing him?
All you have to do is to shoot.
"""A vegetarian troll?"" I asked incredulously."
No ghosts can make fools of us!
"We have our doubts, ma'am. We're paying that ingrate $100 million a year to scratch his balls."
"""Shrinks fucking patients ""and manipulating them into killing their spouses. """
Arutha looked at the boy thief.
Here comes my freaking kid.
170 grand for Colin - fucking - Todd?
You sexually assaulted me.
You little shit.
"And women eat it and it stimulates their tissues... and gives women breast lumps, it makes the uterus get big and they get fibroids and they bleed and they get hysterectomies and they need mammograms and gives guys man boobs."
Are you nuts?!
What the hell does that even mean?
I thought you might want to break into my flat and shit in my bed.
She looked like she wanted to die.
"Yes, this bomb will blow us both to smithereens."
"Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon,... ..who is already sick and pale with grief... ..that thou, her maid,art far more fair than she."
"Monsieur Chairman, Messieurs Councilmen. A heinous crime was committed and it contained in the sorcery. Such crime is punishable by death, and I demand a death penalty."
I'm getting fucked-up tonight.
You're missing a lot of beautiful shit.
"Do you need a hand burning those, Dad?"
Goddamn hot in here.
Why didn't you help us escape... if you felt no malice towards us? Bullshit!
"You haven't changed, shit."
Then put her in the closet.
Kill each other?
"As for my pleasure, I said I was gonna punish you."
"Sophia, we shouldn't be up here, this shit is not normal."
Plus somebody went and killed Myrtle Keeton with a hammer.
"So now as the bow goes down, the stern rises up, slow at first, then faster and faster, until she's got her whole ass up in the air."
"What I'm trying to say is, we stop fucking about and stop... picking the shit from under our fingernails."
"In an orphanage, with whom she clearly bonded, you know. And then suddenly you come in with all of your... Asian-ness and -- and - and breasts and womb, lady bits,"
Can we get out of this family fuck-fest and go to a party?
We got three more O.D's from this new killer junk they're calling Red Death.
The veins in his nose stood out like worms.
"I don't want your death on my hands."""
Even the best laid plans... shut up.
"A dead-end job with no love life, all while taking care of your sick mom."
"Don't fuck me, jack!"
You're a brine-soaked terror of the high seas!
Who the fuck are you kidding?
Holy crap.
"It's stupid, right?"
Your liver.
"So the faster you get out, the better it'll be for your ass."
"Kill the leader, and where are you? What happens?"
"Boss, I have killed the six policemen I've already got the documents"
Give me that fucking money!
"Liar, I bought it at the store."
I don't know if you're a detective or a pervert.
Think about how crazy you are.
"""Damn, I didn't think she could do that,"" Jackie Harmon muttered as she watched her target roll."
A pointless slaughter of good men on both sides can be avoided.
OK! Let's kill him!
"""You have real talent, but you must reach, goddamn it."""
"We want you to go up there, dig, plant charges and blow this thing to hell before it reaches earth."
I killed a few of them and the rest ran away.
Ted Kaczynski looked like a hobo puked another hobo.
How about sex?
I told Ma Verbeek she was crazy.
"Don't think you got all fucking day, here!"
Where the hell are the shооters?
"Bruce, would you get the fuck out of here, please?"
You know how I hold it behind the wheel. They can't fuck with me.
"Even better, just keep your mouths shut!"
I was an idiotic kid.
"Finally, the sensualist in me (a great and insane monster) had no objection to some depravity in his prey."
"He took in Will's disheveled clothing, the two dusty horses, standing, heads drooping tiredly, and realized this was no time for a lot of foolish questions."
This time you get somebody else to pick up your garbage.
"30,000 dollars in cash on this fucking table, and that's not including the gold or the fucking silver."
I don't care if we have to throw Rebekah under a school bus and wrap Elena in a burlap sack.
"They know my face, my name, probably how long my dick is!"
"Anyway, fuck it. The battle is over and the war is won."
"He looked dirty, but smelled like he had just taken a bath."
Dig your own holes. Die in 'em.
That you are brilliant... ...driven... ...a major pain in the ass... ...and obsessed with a field of studyhe considers tantamount... ...to professional suicide.
Dyed-in-the-wool company gal... ...why risk it all to kill Angel?
It's about the thousands who will die the next time she attacks !
Here they'll kill you and strip you in 10 seconds flat.
And I'll make the best damn game you have ever seen.
"""Go stick his head in the pantry?"""
You're a groomzilla.
You think it's ridiculous.
You're really crazy.
"You ought to be in bed, clump snatcher."
"What did Bel, straight and healthy and of normal height, if unusual genital arrangements, find so attractive in a little half-crippled part-time crazy man?"
Three guys there whose fucking marriages are in the fucking toilet.
"Oh, shit. Okay."
I guess the best advice just not to take any damn advice.
And a real goddamn fight.
That'll blast you right through the wall.
"What you did for me, you shit... ...was steal the woman that I was gonna marry!"
I don't want a damn thing to do with it.
Did you kill all 7 of them?
Look at these pathetic Americans.
"Work long enough, and the line to kill you gets pretty long."
"And I just wanna let you know... ...that I know I've been a pain in the ass, but you've been great."
What the hell is that?
"The devastating impact of the duo can also be seen with their hit song... ... ""Shut Your Fucking Face, Uncle Fucker. """
"Dougie, what the hell are you doing?!"
"Desi, there's nothing on this entire fucking planet that's worth our whole advance."
How the fuck could I know?
"For the two most powerful ones, one uses sword and the other kicks to kill."
You forget in your imbecilic devotion to your patient that the punishment for two murders is the same as for one.
You gonna burn my Pinky shirt!
At his father's fucking house?
"The man behind the counter, large and dressed in dirty cook's whites, watched him."
Other doctors will think you're a wuss. Right?
Fool's ball's not for the devil.
"Guy reeks of tequila, and it's 3:00 PM."
"Nose level with Mickey Rooney's shiny black shoes, Slothrop looks up into the lit room behind—sees somebody looks a bit like Churchill, lotta dames in evening gowns cut so low that even from this angle you can see more tits than they got at Minsky's . . . and maybe, maybe he even gets a glimpse of that President Truman."
"But out there, we've got girls chewing gum, they're leaving in the middle of their shifts, they're having sex in the bathroom."
"Yeah, Doug told me she had sex with a pilot or something."
It's not my fault people were so wrapped up in their own crap that they didn't back me up.
He thinks he's telling the truth. Everything he says is a fucking lie.
Go fuck yourself. Mind your own business.
Then Mr. Blonde starts to shoot all the em-
"You're a terrible, jealous nutter!"
I've seen what the White Witch can do.
The world is on my shit list.
Then went home and mutually masturbated.
"At... at my level, if you go this long between fights, people fucking forget about you overnight."
Kill him before he could kill you?
"Hey, don't fucking listen to him."
"White-ass necks... Which may sound hypocritical, I Know, but -- would you go?!"
"I don't know about this guy but the one with the mask... he kills girls and videotapes it, all right?"
You get shit-faced as usual?
I can't fucking hear you.
"That doesn't count, fatass!"
"Ive butchered pigs for me mam, sarge, he said."
"Why can't you just have a ridiculously hot female nanny, like a normal person?"
"You are amoral, are you not?"
I'm gonna inject you with the fluid we took from Denny's spikes.
"My God, that makes so much sense. Holy shit."
"Yeah, but viruses always have some important-sounding shit."
Sophie turned and stared at him as if he were crazy.
That rat had an intelligence.
I can have the kids from the neighborhood come over and bounce up and down on them at a fucking party.
"Then she took his hand in hers, and moved it to her breasts."
"Just standing there like a fucking beast of burden, holding the things she'd finally decided to purchase—then waiting while she decided to change her mind or not."
"He raided the crap games under that man’s protection, located his biggest policy banker in Harlem and had him relieved of a day’s play not only in money but in records."
Think how many people would have fucking died if you wouldn't have been there!
You want another wedgie cry-baby?
"Fuck that. I got enough white fans over here to sell 30 mil. """
There's only one way to kill it.
"If you don't shut up and go to sleep, a big piece of Floyd Henderson ass might not wake up in the morning."
They stood there for a while and watched the white dude bleed out.
The little man wasn’t so dumb after all.
I don't give a shit.
"""All these little whoresknow is to flaunt their vaginas"""
"You've lost control of the Council, your enemy has outmaneuvered you, and now you piss on a solemn bargain that is as disgusting a plan as I've ever heard, and you do this with a man who deals in filth, poison, and treachery like his father before him."""
Some... guy that you had sex with last night.
"I lean over, ``l love you honey, see you later, Rusty pissed on you."
"Ohh, how I wish I could peel offyour skin, put it on and beyou."
All you give me is clothes I don't even fucking like.
"Dude, why are you acting so crazy?"
"My dad's a jerk, right? And so am I."
Will they cut her up in Polyarny or just let her bleed rust in Murmansk?
"Toxic Sludge poison throws down a set of Africans, falling down dead."
Amy? Gay?
"What, the part where you have to say everything was a lie? That you're a big fat liar?"
I was in class when one of the bigger kids started talking trash about us.
"We train young men to drop fire on people... but their commanders... won't allow them to write ""fuck""... on their airplanes because... it's obscene."
You are the only person on Earth that might-- - You're insane.
"My grandma's Buick could smoke that piece of shit, trailer trash."
Is the FBI always this incompetent?
"What you did was wrong, but I was too young and stupid to realise it."
And you will be there until I die.
But I have a fucking good time.
"""Piggy""?"
What idiot is doing this joke?
I hate those people.
"Aw,crap."
where I could say synecdochically to all of you.
"These four dopes stood around and let it happen."""
"This sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction..."
Sick old women are usually pretty sharp.
Think I was gonna peel fucking carrots the rest of my life?
He sent me this devil dohickey.
"""Fuck off out of here!"
"No, I could help this girl. Or destroy this monster."
By morning these bodies are gonna stink like week old mackerel.
That's the sickest thing I ever heard.
The only ass he wants is yours.
"I hadn't tried to call her, and not just because I was busy trying to save my ass."
Let's fight them.
How the fuck did this happen?
Somebody electrocuted me.
I don't need fucking forensics to tell me this was some punk stealing luggage!
It's nothing but... a scrawny little sparrow with a beak full of soot.
You be talking to that nigger soon enough.
"Well, you old son of a gun!"
"Shit, my first night back, and you invoke the code?"
"Hiccup, you think you could spare a hook, son?"
I have real shit to deal with.
He is a scream machine.
Otherwise I'll have you all nicked for assault.
"And nowadays a woman say that shit, dude:"
Too bad I have to break you.
“And we will swallow our pride and be as meek as mice.
"I'll let his dog out, that'll fucking learn him."
You heard me. Fuck me?
If they can't make it to the Olympics... ...they will hate meuntil I die.
"Oh, no. I wish I looked like you, little duck."
"Well, as much as I would love to be your beach bimbo... ...the only person I'm gonna spend the weekend with is into leather... ...and has a perverted fetish for archery."
I'm going to the Holliwell Bridge and shoot over there.
"if you're going to be a pest, I'll ignore you!"
Spineless shit.
The stale smell of a cheated woman!
"And here I am,alonein the middle of nowhere,about to diefrom a damn leg wound!"
Fell in with religious zealots!
"Some of them are miserable, ashamed, and afraid."
He's a terrible toilet guy.
"You couldn't even keep a tail on him. He's nuts, and he's smarter than you are."
Figs are a vital part of a chimpanzee's diet and some just can't seem to get enough of them.
"Use the fucking phone, I guess."
Indians killed Trader Joe.
The four-hundred-bed special offenders compound now holds our mentally ill and developmentally disabled.
Don't forget your filth.
His lips are plump like boiled hot dogs.
"I'm the realest shit I'm from the Bronx, yo"
In the struggle in the dark one of the other grags does the world a favour and fetches him a crack on the noggin.
She's worse than my wife.
What dog? - That mean-ass looking pit bull... ...that your mama and daddy brought out and piled into their van.
A TV hustler married to a rich man's vulgar daughter.
"Yeah, like Paul's sick-ass goatee? Uh.."
"""What 'n hell you talkin' about?"""
He whips you like a dog.
"In the case of John Robert Bardo when actress Rebecca Schaeffer took a role where she had to have a sexual relationship with another character, too enough to force him to snap and seek her out to kill her."
I've done fuck-all and never will because he's too good for me. how true.
"Look, I've got all this fucking weed."
I'd bring the smallest possible gun and probably put it in my crotch because nobody is gonna feel somebody's crotch up.
We've got the best damn trial lawyer in the city.
The world around us is unbearable and miserable.
Champagne and strippers or mini bar and a wank?
What's hotter than a pink dick with a sense of humor?
"Losing food and gear was no more than to be expected, since he had been such a fool as to forget his rear while he looked at the stream- but taking the watch his father had given him, that was stealing; he would make somebody pay for that!"
Sometimes modern guys... ...are a little too modern for their own fucking good.
I could nail you for obstruction.
"Goddamn it, do something."
"If you don't give me an address, I going to keep you alive so I can do far worse things to you."
They blew out the fuckin' window!
He's a fucking kid.
My wife will chew me out.
They're sending motherfuckers to the moon.
"Why must you peek behind the curtain, or up the butt?"
"Mouse? You Wish. You're in an apartment, that's a rat."
"So she wanted to move out of the town because everyone fucking knows everybody, it is what it is."
"Those daggers in your eyes, the bashful pink in your lies"
The rest of us are dying here.
How many men are you gonna have to hang to heal your scars?
"Now, will you please shut up?"
The merry gates to hell!
"Damn it, you can have me for 1,000 yen!"
Never really been a fan of balls.
You get the fuck out now.
"Shut it off, greer."
Nonsense. I would stand there with a giant whip- - and drive all these people to the end of the world.
Shut up!
But l-- - Do us a favor and shut up.
"Lisa, wake the fuck up!"
"Don't you listen to those whiners, Sherlock."
Get me to the goddamned hospital.
You scared the fuckmother out of me.
Couldn't scare her away any faster if you told her you were a Nazi sympathizer who's into fondling puppy balls!
And killed the doctor and his nurse to cover his tracks.
"Anyway, Giuseppe, he's gonna be dead."
Are you a lesbian or something?
That's some funny shit.
She did see the long curve of his naked thigh where his leg lay next to hers.
But Brennan sure can wear the shit out of that pirate hat.
The only good human is a dead human!
It upends the fucking earth.
"Tell them it's your house, Piglet."
I'll bet your dad paid more than 5000. -Shut up!
"Just shut up about eBay, okay?"
I don't have all goddamn night.
Burn.
A fucking tuna.
But my landlord's another fucking story -- Trying to kick me out of my home.
"I have money, more money than that poor fool could imagine there was in the whole world."
Suck what up?
"But one day, like, 1968 or '69... he's looking at himself in the mirror and says, ""Damn, I look like Elvis."""
You think she'd be in here trashing my shit if it wasn't for you?
"If you lie, you're dead Why are you here?"
Pour me a shot.
"I find it disgusting, Major Hecht, but I'm sure you don't wish to see your so-called soldiers expire of terminal priapism."
We're just clowning around.
She make it from a milk from her tit.
We cross our bloody fingers.
"""He will be dead in two hours."""
I don't mean to alarm you but I think I just jerked off Lester a little bit.
"Half of these bastards, they're not even purebloods."
"Hey, Bo Peep, I know where you can find your sheep. in hell."
I have my own sex life to jerk off to.
I want my freaking trophy back!
To think I voted for that prick five times.
English blasphemer!
Or just brain-dead from whiffing fumes out there in the swamp?
"Your mother is behind this, ""Goat""!"
Don't piss off a blind girl.
Is that why I work with a dickhead?
"He was very fat, had short hair... ...and showed me pictures from a funny little book."
And the holster smells of hog grease.
"He means you, Majesty, that you're sick and you need cutting down."
We still have the problem of explaining how a white chick from Jersey... who's never traveled south of D.C. has African sleeping sickness.
My mother is nothing but a yakuza.
I'm gonna go lick all their bowls.
"Yeah, I know all about you and that Nakatomi thing in LA. But just because the TV thinks you're hot shit, that don't make it so."
"Anyway, nuns are bad luck."
I am miserable.
I'll get him mad.
"""Like hell you do."""
Make him dead.
The human fascination with genitals is continuous and inexplicable.
"And when his eyes go dead, the Hell I send him to must seem like Heaven after what I've done to him"
I talk about my father trying to control my fucking life.
"Pacifier is the little nipple thing, right?"
All I want out is this stupid rifle.
I'm the only motherfucking security in here.
"We are in the shit, Mark."
"Carol, don't take this the wrong way, but do you realize that you've been kissing the ass of an immoral hybrid who ruined your son's life?"
"One, I didn't suck anything."
"Who the fuck are you, shitwad?"
He was raping you.
It sounded like a lot of drama and lousy sex.
"You're dead to me, Jenna Hamilton."
Have you ever met my friend Kyle's mom? She's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world
"And some damn broccoli, please."
Kids say the darnedest things.
Gets stabbed from behind.
Nice breasts.
"I know that I often have serious moral objections to the things that you do, but... ...this time I think you really need to reconsider, because if you do this, I believe you will go to hell."
"Unless they want to get hit, they shouldn't be burning crap in my yard."
"Even when they talked outside, they had to cover their mouths... - Shit, he's covering up again. - Because the Feds brought in lip readers."
"Don't, don't burn me, please!"
"We sing; they sleep--aye, lie down there, like ground-tier butts."
Just take the fucking things and I'll help you.
Shut up!'
"No, I'm gonna puke."
"Anything else you forgot, sociopath?"
"You'd better straighten up and salute an officer... ...or I'll take your fuckin' stripes, boy!"
Gag them!
"A more fertile bitch, I hope."
Kevin may have a serious neurological problem.''
You could never be certain when you were dealing with the bureaucrats of Hell.
I don't mind your gangster shit.
"After that, I would slam her to the ground and then roll her in the dirt."
"Don't screw with me, kid."
Don't do a thing! Just stay in the damned booth!
What about the goddamn stolen treasures of Russia?
"""Your daughter?"" ejaculated Baynes."
"It's used, but luckily,the previous owner was a dimwit slacker who only made it through chapter one."
"If there's anybody can fuck up the gathering of a bell, it's Johnny."
Why so many fucking questions?
Jessie St. James totally Jessie St. Sucks.
They inserted electrodes into the brains of white rats.
"And when he poops, his poop is my life."
Why are you so stupid?
Damn paintings!
Let's roast them.
They're a gruesome bunch that don't belong to any ninja school... ...who make assassination their business
You've goddamned crystallized the difference between being guilty and being responsible.
My head's telling me one thing and my cock another.
"""Their souls, doomed to an eternity of damnation!"""
What? Now? Unless you want me shitting my pants right here.
"Give it to me, damn it!"
He tried... but mostly he just fucks himself.
I think I touched her boob !
Don't mention Shimi works at the cafe. He'll kill me.
Why don't you go somewhere else with that bullshit?
I would stick my hand in the chest and then hope for the best.
Farewell forever to that pointy-eared night rat!
"Punch it, Bishop!"
"Don't lose the money, goddamn it!"
That's a fucking relief.
That is greasy shit!
Poor bastard.
"Mad, why the hell didn't you tell me that?"
"""I don't HATE, I despise him,"" said Gania, grandly."
"""Who the fuck is this kid?"
They bomb the place with poison.
His skin and bones... were worth more in insurance money... than as a damn farmer.
"'Love', 'Sex', 'Secret' and 'God'."
I'd say the same about you but then we'd both be liars.
You are definitely a much tougher nut than I imagined.
"She had the ring on... ...she seemed so excited, and then she took her breast out."
"Your ID is here, come get it, pig cop!"
"I mean, he calls us donkeys."
"I had a rough night, and I hate the fucking Eagles."
"I told him, ""Be a good boy and I'll let this girl blow you afterwards. """
I can't believe I let another loser break my heart.
"And I seen a third face below the first two―a crafty, miserable face I didn't like much."
He was a fucking wolf!
"Okay, but just so you know, I've never worn a condom, ever, and Lem, obviously the implicit agreement between you and I, is that at no time will our penises touch, but I'd also appreciate it if you didn't make eye contact, you know... with me... during..."
"Thursday you realize you love me, damn it. Friday, we're closed."
Ben: This is by far the gayest fucking day of my life
'But how silly all this is!' said Izz Huett impatiently.
"'Shit-fire,' John said as the car began to pogo up and down and drag to the right."
"You've got the gold card, the complimentary drinks, the fucking hard on."
"Oh, for god's sakes, coffee is the one goddamn thing we got to enjoy around here."
"Are you, in your nasal twang, going to have my head chopped off by royal decree?”"
"This is the third box of crap that Gideon left in my office. And there's at least two more, and everything smells like soy sauce."
"Good night, crazy person."
Put that shit down!
I can't believe I just let you keep screwing me over.
I hope he was a baddy. ALICE:
Stop kicking my fucking bed.
"""You are but a shell that knows how to use weapons."
"If any of you hold faith in any gods, now would be time to fucking entreat them."
The housekeeper had me pinned down for five minutes... ...before I realizedit was that silly gun of yours.
And who said you could lend my Stones to this Bolshevik cunt?!
You sure as fuck never did. Asshole.
"Every fucking penny! Every penny, mom!"
It's because Dicky Bubble is a queer...
Shoot. Do you hear me?
"I can't tell you, but I'm fucked."
Those without swords can still die upon them.
He said you screamed at him. - Fuck Lavin.
And what about those wretched refugees?
or an eternity of suffering in hell --
What the hell are you doing?!
Elijah is... The stuffiest.
"A fuck that unites John, Dan, Scott, whomever in the popular lust and paternal hunt for my possession."
"Go get Veltan, Dahlaine, and Ill see if I can pry holy Aracia out of that silly temple of hers."
Yes. - Incompetent?
E- 1 101 was designed to kill African Motaba.
Brian Clough uber-fucking-alles.
Come out! Damn!
"What do you mean, ""hapless loser ""?"
She's killed men.
Dibs on the room with the horny toilet.
Sounds like owls having sex.
"Genevieve, who'd have thought a saintly, little witch like you would go for the bad boys?"
"Kid yourself about your behavior, you'll never learn a fucking thing."
God damn it.
I'm going to remember you like you whipped my ass in third grade.
I just told you. I'm fucking miserable.
"If you don't know who sent me, you're even dumber than you look."""
Stop screwing with me!
Talk to him about anything but psychology and I bet you he's a dead pigeon.
Ken Castle...Is a liar.
"Trash stared morbidly out at the passing scenery, which was now washed with midmorning sunshine."
"I figured one of the new deputies might end up shooting me, but not you, Tolo!"
"A month ago, Serge never even mentioned he had a dad, his dad never called, everything was fine, now they're in Paris and, all of a sudden, they give a shit about each other."
"Now-- Right, you asshole, I've got your daughter here and I'm gonna cut her up and post her home to you in boxes!"
"Darla's human self has died, and before dawn, unless Angel stops it... ...she will rise again, a soulless demon."
"His mental state is unstable, so he looks unfit for duty."
That's because you're fucking on...
"""Ah, you can never get into enough shit in police work, Lon."""
Uck. Ugly underwear.
"If it'll wipe those sad little clown looks off your faces, then I will read the letter."
"Ask your crazy husband. It took me a year and a half to finish Park Avenue, and now he wants to start over."
If you were yourselfto die right now… … where you think that you would go?
We... had sex once.
Holy shit. So much.
My insects will suck your chakra dry!
"Now, don't let him know wethink he's a loser, or else he won't play."
"That I'm not psycho, and I'm going to get an abortion."
"Why the fuck, Torkild, did you do this?"
It was an accident. There's going to be another accident when I find that bitch of yours!
akon bb8 big brother 2girls1cup linkin park power rangers mistic forse pamela anderson sex video amnesia ibiza orgasm jonas brothers basshunter xxx hentai wwe sex scenes hanah montana sexy girls kama sutra nude enrique iglesias
"I was 18, foolish, and in love with an older guy."
Rather go on the offensive than sit around waiting to die.
"""Don't mean he ain't a son-of-a-bitch."""
"Watch your backside!"""
With a big fucking smile on my face.
Say you're a thief!
The woman was fat—but did not particularly favor any type of food.
Can't you just give them something and get me the fuck out of here?
"Otherwise they will die here, from hunger, from cold or the Serbs."
"One moment of pain, and you're dead."
What's with the balls of your thumbs?
You fuckin' used me.
Anyone want these stupid things?
I'm killing myself just as much as you are.
"Ted, there is not a single thing on here that you are too old to do."
"Hell, I can write shoot-'em-ups."
"Over dinner, you want to hang with a stiff and a dead guy?"
"Maggots and rotting faces don't bother you, but the smell of a butcher shop does?"
"Oh, my God, what the fuck have we gotten ourselves into?"
Who the fuck are you kidding?
"You know, and two months ago, I'm screwing his wife."
"So you're getting like sissy Mike, too."
I pointed it and shot it in one motion.
Shots through the back Execution style -Excuse me
"""Get away from me, you old wolf!"""
"Well, I'll be dad-burned if it ain't old Jethro!"
"Damn, I picked the wrong couple to follow this morning."
You're shit out of luck.
"Well, since you brought it up, I'd say you crossed that border... ...with 10 more crazy people in your trunk."
Then pick up the knife and kill her!
"Yeah, you was with them, nigga."
If you see my dad on the highway to hell... Yeah?
"Should they keep on doing this shit? I have no idea, what you are talking about, but you must do something fast."
Are you fucking kidding me?!
"Yet somehow, this country that has to import its elevators from Yonkers, has a nuclear program that's riding up your ass."
You have spore in your brain.
What you judged to be right. You sent the Ring of Power into Mordor in the hands of a witless Halfling.
"""I don't think that Smith flew seven thousand miles for a piece of ass, Frank."
So fill the container with rats.
Are you dopey?
So we've got to destroy themwhere they're made.
She's possibly a criminal.
Son... do you really think you have what it takes to track me down and shoot me?
I think you owe Paulette an apology. - Jerk!
"It stinks! I'm just fucking with you, Kangaroo Jack!"
That's what slutty girls do.
You asked my husband permission to have sex with me?
"Yeah, and the reason it's slippery out there, that's sex lube."
Think of it as a wedding present to my fucking kid.
"Frankie, the little guy... he wouldn't be fucking the Jew's wife, would he?"
"Now I am no detective, but that probably means there's somebody still out there that wants to kill me."
"But it's possible he's just a patsy,... ..unwillingly manoeuvred into positionbecause he's got the right mentality."
"So, what, you're like a chiropractor or some shit?"
"Goddamn it, I think it forgot my gloves down there."
She's gonna chop up all the penguins with an axe.
My mom's got a fucking drinking problem.
They don't look more disabled than you.
"Now, either it suddenly started bothering you this week or you're... screwing with you."
"When Kennedy gets in the kill zone, it's a turkey shoot."
"No, I-I mean for being... such a horrible girlfriend."
Get off me.
Why the hell would he do that?
You filthy thing! I'll tell them what you did!
"I knew it was you, silly."
"Suck on that, Lucy."
"Man, ever since you got off the plane, you've been after this nation... ...summer's too hot, too many mosquitoes oh what a stink, folks shit on streets."
"Roger, you're killin' me."
Why don't we talk about that instead of hiding behind all this History 101 crap?
Not everybody wants to have sex with you.
Damn. I knew it was too good to be true.
Jock.
She was an easy sell that she was dirty.
The only curse here is you!
What the hell am I supposed to give a speech about?
I had some serious shit in that car.
A l~lazi running the goddamned German government?
Fuck. Get him outta here.
"Godlovingdamn, it felt nice-almost as good as that game twelve years ago, bringing down Chris Broderick, who gave a girlie yelp as he slammed into the turf on the one-yard line, having covered the whole length of the field without a clue that Legs Larry had been right behind him all the way."
You shut your face.
"I take whatever he's got, and if he's got nothing, I kill him."
"Well, I'd say we either go after the python and your boa without any radio or tracking support or we call it a day and get the fuck out of here."
"A cruel, hard premarital dump."
It'll take a lot more than a heart attack to kill that old bear.
He burned his children alive.
This is a fuckin' big mistake.
I don't give a fuck what you think!
"THE YATTERING AND JACK WHY THE POWERS (long may they hold court; long may they shit light on the heads of the damned) had sent it out from Hell to stalk Jack Polo, the Yattering couldn’t discover."
"Digging the stars into her bones... and puncturing the pleural cavity, killing her."
"Are bumbling politicians guilty, or grasping oligarches, corrupt apparatchiks, the mafia, or the IMF?"
"This is crazy, not knowing how dangerous this woman is."
"J.J., I almost get lying to mom and dad about having your giant brain."
Move and I'll shoot you.
"I've told you I'll help but I won't do any of this body-swapping shit."""
"My friend, Ted,just killed a bunch of kids today."
"""Now, that's ridiculous, Commander."
You would fuck a fisherman's dog if there was a Heat cover in it.
She started spanking me with a wooden spoon.
"Asshole, move your car!"
Are you using Clingfilm from a bowl of dog food as a condom?
"Now don't you say that, you dirty birdie."
"Why is it, whenever I fail to stop this amateur the rest of you curl up and die, too?"
"Oh, there's nothing like a crap and a shower to make you feel better."
"Push her belly, she'd piss all over herself."
"In life, Carmona was a cannibal."
Brubaker's been turning this place into a damn jailhouse.
"I'd love to kick it with you... ...and run this thizzang, but I got business back in Bu... ...something with Dre-Dre."
You and Sarah need to disappear.
Why the hell does Yuriy Vladimirovich care a rat's ass about getting close to the Pope?
I never ratted on anybody in my whole fucking life.
"Look at him there, the scaly licking his chops."
You shot me! ok .
Doesn't anybody else think that this is fucking wrong?
Parents eat that shit up.
"Goddamn it, you almost hit me!"
"Dry his kicks, Britta."
"Those are our boys, they'il bury us in here!"
"For years, the halls of our firm have resounded with the call of Henry Turner throwing on his jacket, striding through the office, crying, ""Come on, guys, let's go out and break some balls."""
This woman has brought shame to your company.
I want these piss-ant hackers stopped before the city boils over.
Don't you say a goddamn word to him about this either... or you're finished.
"Technically, Charlie paid for the sex."
"So how did your parents, who I assume were Negro... ...feel about youbeing raised by Indians?"
"Yeah, Dan, I had sex with a deaf girl."
"He looks harmless enough, in his fucking suede jacket."
"As a soldier I must drink your blue water, ...live inside your red clayand eat your green skin."
"Ah, my nipples!"
In velvet red. With at her throat.
Because kids suck at every...
I want you to rejoin our family but as a witch.
Shouldn't we question them before we shoot them?
I gave a hoodlum a second shot.
It's you and Piz having sex.
"My hand is fucked up. Just... Just call a doctor, Roger."
"Shit, I got a state senator, he's trying to label Satanic graffiti as a hate crime."
I love fucking.
I just throw her to the wolves.
I like to be inside you.
"Well, that's fucking perfect."
Y-You bastard...
Then I'll sell you to the Mountain Devil...
Only nerds wear prewashed.
Are you willing to shoot me for that treasure?
"John, when are you going to get over this foolish obsession?"
"That's your problem, Tricky Dick."
"Debra, you shut yourself inside these walls For the last six months, doing your damnedest To shut everything and everyone out."
Suddenly can mean anything from a brain embolism to electrocuting yourself in the bathtub.
Theysaid that he was crazy. threw Me of Masters and Johnson.
But I think this goddamn circus has gone on long enough!
"And it's not just because of your promotional stress balls,"
"Brian, you're the freaking man."
That's why my junk is Callie's face.
We talk while the Stuarts kill us one by one.
What did make? Damned!
You look like a beatle.
"Kick it, Charlie,"" he told the driver."
Threw them in the fire.
I hear they show you stuff that'll rip your brain apart.
We've been working this case for months and you ain't said shit.
"Psychic soldiers, able to turn our enemies against themselves."
"They call it a castle, but once you get inside, it's a junk heap"
I can't handle anything up my ass without alcohol.
Now get the fuck off the porch.
That is my middle fucking name.
"That's so ugly, man."
Take some damn medicine already so you won't have the flu!
Keep your damn phone on.
"Yeah - little Asian chick, likes to kick people?"
"Don't you tell me to ""langsamer"", you Kraut meathead!"
"Once smuggled in, they'd addict them to drugs and turn them into prostitutes."
"Shut the fuck up, and quit your fussin' over that booby trap. Let's get out of here!"
What if she turns out to be a vagina farter?
Tell him he stinks in bed?
"On your knees, you worm!"
I don't know a damn thing about reorganizing bank branches.
(Man) Tits.
"We are gonna catch this crazy, I promise."
This is the best part of my day and I don't need you fucking it up.
Blow his hand off.
"Shut up, Clay."
Where do you shoot it?
"Now piss off, all right?"
You women can't dance in here.
So we're stuck in the middle of damn nowhere.
"I've come here to avenge the death of my family, to rid Chance Harbor of witches, and I will not fail."
"Filthy rich, powerful, good to look at."
"Thanks for save my ass, bro'."
I'm going to bust all over your face.
I should have plugged that nag when I owned him.
I don't give a shit if Sean knew.
I have to get back in the shit.
"If we don't fuck during vacation, I'm guessing it's done."
Hey. Does my vulva look swollen?
"Shit, my phone!"
"Oh, what the fuck you mean, he isn't here?"
"""You have to have something to read, hell?"""
I thought you used to be a cop. - Shut up.
"Fuck Sally, I'm worried about my father."
So was the one on the other man—which facts pleased me heartily as I was determined to burn the slugs if they were not already dead and I was not sure that I could do so without killing the hosts as well.
She drags me back here in this gross truck.
I am a woman fed poison all her life.
What the hell did that old shepherd tell you?
But I would still feel like crap.
"Silly, only grown-up men fear women."
Since when is snuggling nothing? Shit.
"Silver bullets, my ass."
Did you put on a ski mask and take his damn money?
Bullshit! Am I wrong or what?
He should be exiled.
What God damn?
"And if you stay there much longer, there will still be Nazis in Paraguay,... .. but there will be one less Jewish boy in the world."
"What did you mean by ""black as a prison."""
"Yeah, I know about fukk."
"And this old guy, he was a thug."
"Cathy, if you die--"
Do you remember when we were children begging for scraps like those wretches?
"You know, people think you're this weird robot man... ...who's so annoying all the time,and you totally are."
You arrogant little dauber!
I ain't paying for shit.
Hot chicks are starfuckers in Coeur D'alene. And I was a star.
"This kind of shit requires careful planning and execution, something which you failed to accomplish on your own."
"This is like kind of kinky, dog"
Why don't we go get some whores?
"Burning, burning, burning... jusht like poor Caramon."""
It will be a massacre.
I'd fire both your asses if it didn't undo all this.
"Damn it, you're a tough nut to crack."
Fellow sex offenders.
comply or die. anyone who refuses my challenges will suffer the same fate as Schmidt.
"If those walls are not properly reinforced, your language will bring down the whole damn tunnel."
"Double that. Dude, you want insane?"
Will you just fucking stop?
Not unless they're into fist fucking dead chooks.
"Well, that's good, but... your mother tells me that this boy is... black."
"The g …The girls, man, in our classes … They're all prudes, man."
I'll yell at you all I want!
"Now everyone's said hello, when are you coming back cos the place is turning into a shit hole?"
"But the difference between us is, you carried on like nothing ever happened, and I feel like absolute crap."
"Do you, Nicholas, take Beth to be your awful wedded wife?"
"I'll lucky you, you dirty rummy."
"While Clark worked his computer in Fresno, Olsen, at his end, informed Forston he was a pedophile."
Get off me.
Poor devils.
Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. And the White Citizens' Council of New Orleans warned the city about the Congolese raping their daughters.
"Father Santoya found out you were stealing from him, you flipped out and you killed him."
"I swear, Cyclops. You are gonna drive me crazy."
I'll get rid of the cops.
"In your case, 'cause Crenshaw is a scumbag and he wanted something more than just your life, but, but Katie-- Kimball didn't just see a hostage."
I play that shit in my fucking sleep.
"You were born on the wrong, fucking shuttle."
Bet it could electrocute a dog.
I want you to burn these four mens' faces into your heads. Because we're not coming home with out them.
What the hell are we waiting for?
Because he is Kick-Ass' father. - Who?
I'll stop this damn truck.
It includes the death by hanging ofJudas... his face upturned to the branch that suspends him.
"Tower, prepare to execute."
"If this was death, it was neither the Heaven he had been promised as a child nor the Hell he had long since ceased to believe in, nor even the] total lack of self he had come to expect-it was just one damn big bore."
Then I'll become Mikky and go knock him out.
"You knew I was gonna fucking tell Paul, didn't you?"
You look like a couple of 20-year-old floozies.
"And ask him, Edie... how come he's so good at killing people?"
Get the fuck outta the hole!
Whole brigades of psychotic banshees and goblins raised their shrill voices in a loathsome war cry.
"I don't care that I can't feel anything from that department, now that I've finally got rid of that damned colostomy."""
You just suck that whole bottle down and then drive yourself home.
"'You're a sphinx,' said Teppic."
I've got a bomb bolted to my wrist.
Where is the damn egg?
Must be a damn good book then?
"Life with Rita was turning out to be a real pain in the butt, at least in some of its aspects."
"You're wicked. You're wicked, eh?"
Why do you ask every time you cheap bastard?!
I promise that nobody will shoot you.
"Gay, see the cowboy hat on the door?"
They've all gone crazy!
Bastard! Why don't you ring the bell?
How the fuck do you think you got here?
"Oh, shit! This is from the snowboarding academy I applied to two months ago."
"Ridiculous, man."
Which is fortuitous because most squirrels are real jerks.
First I'm going to take him up to a hill and tie him to a tree and tar and feather him!
"""I am too tired for this shit,"" I said."
"This man will be killed by this woman because you wouldn't give her what she asked for, and it's on your head!"
"'That was in the days of the Emperor,' the hag continued."
"Lousy choices. Lousy movies, lousy men, friends you couldn't trust."
Can't see shit!
She is a meth addict...
And then what the fuck if he ain't?
"Kevin, I have good reason not to trust Bury, and damned little reason why I should.”"
"Mickey, you put me in there with a fucking monster."
"I ain't the singer, I'm comfortable playing the guitar -- mind you, I was fucked up --"
We gotta kick Pinkman loose.
"Well, it better be somebody like that, or Jessica won't give up on her early buy-in bullshit."
"Fuck, no! I'm talking about Christine."
I bet he felt stupid.
"Damn, Bohannon, they had it comin'."
You are both filthy old men!
"The police didn't try and strangle my ass. - Come on, girl."
"You’re going to need horse, siege machines, and that doesn’t even start to touch on what to do about that evil bastard Leso Varen.’"
"""You are making fools of us, Mr. Holmes!"""
Let's turn this sucker around!
"A joint, you fool!"
"Knock him down, Rooster!"
What about a whole damn police car?
So why do I wanna fuck you so bad?
Could you check there's no bird shit on the seats? Sorry.
"Did you hear that, ugly? The list says you're lying."
I finished myself off drinking any goddamn thing I wanted at the Sunshine Cafe.
"Exit Jew in the direction of said Plank, rolling his eyes and scoffing."
"Good a place as any for him to die, I guess."
You've got to get rid of him !
"And what the fuck have we done about it, huh?"
With this pathetic letter? What...
Crazy Curt!
Except stinkin' dolphins.
'Cause I spend all my time having sleepovers... and staring at my lesbian best friend's boobs.
"A giant walkedthe fuckin' earth and now, he's lying in the trunk of my car."
"She followed him with her eyes, envied everyone to whom he spoke, had scarcely patience enough to help anybody to coffee; and then was enraged against herself for being so silly!"
When are you gonna grow up and stop being a total embarrassment?
"She's a poor, old lady with a handicapped sticker."
"I will call someone, I will have you removed."
Scratches and bruises at the anus indicate penetration with a blunt object.
I was completely fucking lost.
The only time a baby doesn't look like every other baby is when it's a really ugly baby.
"They are evil, Koril!"
Look at that old bitch!
Drive as fast as you fucking can.
You'd think they'd leave instructions on those damn things.
Remember how good you used to sleep after I'd spank your behind?
I can only last a quarter of an arn - I'll be there.
They're women's underpants.
"Not so goddamn fast, doc."
"Especially, between my legs"
"Well,you're advocating mass murder!"
"So what we're saying actually is that... we've once again been ambitious, but rubbish."
"I thought I'd shut your mouth in Edo, but Still, in your condition you likely won't even make it to the shore."
"Look, you took me to a goddamn Celine Dion concert."
Carrie Bishop. Murderer!
The average man has 60 million sperm per millilitre of ejaculate.
I'm not being typecast in my fucking theater debut
"You'll sleep with her, cheat on her... ...she'll go crazy and she'll take it out on me."
"The man's a terrorist, responsible for taking hundreds, maybe thousands of innocent lives over the past 20 years."
"""The bitch of it is, Ralph, a nut like Charlie Pickering makes the perfect tool for a guy like Deepneau."
"""I never cared to know for certain, but it's certain I hate the damn things, and that's---"""
"We'll all just have to starve together, then."
"Just sex, not holding of lovers."
You don't have a damn clue who Jason is!
Right... Who wants to fucking fight?
"If I'm fucking, I won't answer."
You're crazy you know!
He's just fucking weird.
The medical examiner has the time of death at Friday between 8:00 and 10:00 p.m. I was with a prostitute
"Disgusted, guilty, selfish... Her mom's jealousy..."
"Sang, smoked, fucked everything in sight, including each other."
You use the picks to get the jizz out of your teeth?
That house is fucked!
"Now, do me a favor, go back and tell that to your filthy little friend."
I know it sounds a little arrogant putting up the sign 'The best damn barbecue in Texas.
Among all the rubbish are some nuggets of pure gold.
You get him to do your dirty work and take the money and dump me!
Damn thing won't open.
They usually leave a lot of crap behind.
What the hell did you do?
"Well, he begged for our forgiveness with some Casti religious crap."
"Anson, thinner and scalier and more snakelike than ever, was dealing a greasy, dirty deck of cards, his opponent being the square-shaped, black-visaged Moze."
They got mosquitoes that suck your blood like Slurpees.
I found out last night that my roommate Chloe is your obnoxious novelist.
That thing is a killing machine!
"If any of these adorable baby animals take a crap on me, I'm gonna be very upset."
That's bullshit Brandon made up.
It smells like a billy goat here. It's repulsive.
"Fuck, that's my boss."
I'm so jealous I could tear it off your back.
Leo I don't understand how you could go from decorated war hero to hippy degenerate.
You're just a bunch of Jew lovers. - No!
Stop futzing around with the pillows and the flowers and shoot the girl.
"If anybody's gonna get killed, it's gonna be Colby and Mandi."
Right before he told me that he was gonna tell Jessica Pearson that you're a fraud.
It's hard to be patient listening to your crappy music.
Why the hell you didn't tell him that truth?
"Why you got to burn her like that, Chenille?"
Put her on the fuckin' phone.
I expect that monkey’ll be first in the queue again.
Pills. For what they're damn worth.
"You got four bodies, all within two blocks of each other, and you can't even start to connect the fucking dots."
"In front of God, the prophets, the angels, and every bloody soul in this room!"
Here. Wipe your face.
Get the fucking up!
"And even though I could give a rat's ass, I still think it's a pretty sound."
I did get my shit together.
"They're thugs, relentless.. when they're after something."
I let go and spit blood into his face.
"Oh,right, because I'm supposed To lead some piss-Poor demon army."
"Yo, get the broad in the fucking car!"
Her technique is atrocious.
"Look, I don't care what Lassiter says. The cat is not my new partner, Gus. Don't be ridiculous."
"Maybe the jury would spare his pathetic excuse of a life, and that was a chance I couldn't take."
"And then, when I'm good and ready, I'll shoot my whole load into you!"
I don't want to see your idiot of a brother and your father.
We'll cut him off at Temple.
D'you think you can recapture your youth by fuckin' it?
"But you brought that shit on yourself"""
"He'd never told her, he realized, how her mind-melting lessons had saved his ass a few years later, during that near-disastrous diplomatic mission to Cetaganda."
"Bastards, I'll show them."
So Ferraro secretly brings in this bad-ass Ogre--
You never got a hole-in-one. I got bored and I kicked it in the hole.
"Shit, I'm not in your way."
"Well, you were happy enough to let Dig take the kill shot when it was Slade threatening your family."
Sure. Goodwill shit?
She was madly in love with the psychopath Bartlett.
"He was holding it by the barrel, and he had an idea he'd used the butt to hammer something."
"'Damn, but you are a hard woman,' said Huntsekker."
You know we're gonna die.
"You boys like pussy, right?"
He was stabbed to death with the spires of a Joshua tree.
What about the abundance of gay ass?
"You're the guy who killed the Moroccan boy, aren't you?"
Same old boobs and boozehounds.
Would you stop throwing shit out the window?
you die by the gun.
Is that what you fucking want?
"Well, right before I killed that young girl, we were gonna have a milkshake."
I look so bad in those monkey suits.
"In one scene, we see prostitutes in a nightclub titillating overseas Chinese businessmen by parading up and down in sexy People’s Liberation Army uniforms."
"Shut up, will ya? - Come on."
Let the hospital deal with this bullshit.
"You know, I can't even believe I'm saying this, but it looks like that bloodsucker at the bank is gonna screw me on the bar."
"No offense, man, but why you bringing these fucking people here?"
"""Worship me and I'll treat you like shit."""
I'm an idiot!
A terrorist.
We'll question him as a witness but he doesn't know shit.
We have filmed while doing sex?
He is. You're a tough son of a bitch.
It's a fucking bad idea.
"And Goddammit, I'll have an American beer."
"God, I go to church every goddamn Sunday!"
"Maybe he turned himself into a goddamned mist, Abner Marsh thought."
"Come on, Jenna, let's go be teen trash together."
I thought you were gay!
Why war Food is always shit?
This demon requires a sacrifice.
Or a homosexual man?
"The Louisiana witch, Queen Mousette?"
"Man, I'm in my damn shorts."
"""Go lick'im."""
"I know cops aren't supposed to show emotion, but damn it, this town... I'm so proud."
"My roommate Otrov was there, looking rumpled and miserable."
I was surrounded by basket cases like you.
"You write a couple paragraphs, and you know what? None of this costs you fucking anything."
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
"And I also have thought that raising a child is primarily woman's work, and to be honest, I still do believe that shit."
You got a boner too?
"Shit, man. Are you OK?"
"Oh, I'm fucking sick of running around!"
Why are you so fucking angry?
Going through the garbage or going to the mission.
"Owing to their pharmacological activity (inhibition of the production of sex steroids), administration of GnRH agonists to bitches might be associated with vaginitis."
Just zap him and wait for back-up.
I make at least two junk connections... at that far table over there in the corner.
"Look at me! Don't send him in with the black and whites, let me ride him in."
Then he'll die.
"You know, the little black babies with swollen bellies and flies in their eyes."
"Stand aside, harlot."
You're here because your children are master extortionists.
This gift stinks.
And more and more scumbags don't care.
Who the hell is this guy?
"Start packing every dinner service, 'cause I'm gonna make sure your ass is going home."
"Get off me, man!"
It was the only nice thing about that bastard.
"So, you goingto throw away some of this junk?"
Let the fuck go of me.
Abandoned like someone left for dead she plans her suicide.
Tadd is a superficial jerk. Everybody knows that.
"And when you've left New York a smoking wasteland, we'll put that on your tombstone."
Ademon who likes to kill witches.
Those vagrants again!
I married a paranoid schizophrenic.
"So, you, uh, you ever heard of a hooker named Daphne?"
"If I had a certified lunatic coming around my house, I'd probably get the kids out of the way, too."
"Refusing to cooperate with us does not make you suicidal, it makes you an idiot."
"He spits a lot when he talks, so... and he has herpes."
This ain't no fucking reason to panic?
"On the one hand, this is a pain in the ass."
"Anyway, I was gonna keep on driving, but he pulls out a gun and tries to pull me out of the goddamn car and that's when-- anyway, I managed to hit him and I got away, but I think I got pretty lucky, you know?"
Get me fucking up.
"Oh, knuckle up, dog."
You shouldn't talk shit about what you don't know.
"I don't need you to pay for shit of mine, Turtle."
"No more purpose, nothing to strike out at, to kill."
Fuck. - What's the matter?
"I fight in clubs, you know, and I'm really a ham-and-egger."
That will be... the moment when you can at last destroy her.
Where the fuck is that kid going?
I know she cries after having sex. I'd bet money on that shit.
You and your friends gave me a lot of shit the other day.
"""if"" I call you next December... you're gonna be so happy to hear from me you're gonna do a goddamn backflip."
"Come to me Stay here Look at me I need money Stay here I only jerk them off Look It doesn't turn you on, eh?"
It really wouldn't be nice to blow a hole in him.
Your mind's like a titanium trap.
What the hell am I doing?
I will turn every single witch against that family until they're broken.
"Shin, why the hell are u looking at that damn compass anyway?"
"Let me put some makeup on my big, fat, swollen face."
I can't fucking believe this.
You were just going to leave us here to be vaporized with the others.
Shit with my crew.
"And Trish is alone and ready to cry on your bony-ass, paint-spattered shoulder."
Tyranny is dead!
"Real grab bag. Full of guts, liver, spleen. Hmm."
"Say what you want, the audience dug the vampire shit."
How about you fuck yourself?
"Well, it wasn't fucking funny."
Clean this shit now!
You get your worthless ass out of my house right now Or I'll have the cops here so fast--
Come the hell out.
Damn. I think it's still broke.
"When you load of cunts tried to kill me, you were in the car park with Bastian, Papalardo, Fantaroza, Malik, Marvelus Jr., and Zach. who was the eighth?"
"I know why you've been pretending you have all these feelings for me and that we have this deep connection, but you can cut the crap."
But not stupid.
"If youhave a bullet in your leg, I have to take care of it."
"In fact, I don’t appreciate any of the completely asinine changes you have made to my office."
"I'm giving him a way so he never has to worry about money. Yeah, I'm tinkering, but the little bastard"
What the hell....
You need to start thinking with your brain instead of your...
Did you call me a cunt?
"Don't be a wise ass, honey."
"Then eat a full onion, rub that onion underneath your armpits, any kind of gland, any kind of mucal cavity, okay?"
You gonna puke?
"Every time we've stuck our head out of the foxhole, we are getting the face shot off!"
Since the morning I have got a feelingthat I am perhaps a fool.
"Straight to the 3-d printer. Big caboose, duplicate fry, even cookie The crusty, comically inept geological surveyor--"
I got stuck in traffic. - Bullshit.
"With that mug, I'm not surprised. Tyranny!"
"This is a fucking prank, isn't it?"
"Randy, are you okay, bud? - Fuck!"
"I knew you were baiting me, so I told you a bigger bunch of bullshit."
Over the rainbow He is crazy
"""Bullshit,"" Lindsey said sharply."
"It shouldn't damage the little bastard, unless its skin's thinner than ours."
I bet he's a lousy lover.
And I knew what they were thinking. Just like I knew guys at school thought about me when they jerked off. - Vomit.
... and throw them out the door.
"He's a sad, lonely bastard."
"The incredible, fantastically stupid words were still going round and around in his head."
"""Tell Omi-san if he or any of his men come within ten feet of me I'll blow his head off."""
Your friends. I have them at gunpoint.
"Holy shit,this is my favorite song!"
You'll have to use your tongue and get it all wet.
I don't want you doing shit for me.
"Oh, those little scamps, they're not asleep."
"So now, you did kill our hyungnim."
I've had it with you and your emotional constipation!
TheJackass Mail.
I really suck at this job.
"Normandie to Venice, three minutes. Over to Union is one, plus one for ""shit happens."""
We'll throw you a gun.
I think you two need to take some time to think about what a couple of idiots you are.
"Cut her off there, Rafe."
"Fuck you, dude."
"You had to be there. and then pisses into Seymour Stein's gin and tonic... and then yells into the mike, ""Hey, see if you can sell that, you corporate weasel!"""
But I can't help feeling that you really came to my wedding 'cause I live a mile away from the guy you're fucking.
Don't fucking whine.
Your sons have been kidnapped by these crazy game show hosts.
Get him the hell out of here.
That boy never shifts his arse; now he's vanished
Five hundred for the telephone man and fifteen hundred for that miserable keyhole slime who calls himself a private detective—”
I'll cum on my cat's face.
I think these guys are very sick.
Our guy's an impostor. And he went to a hell of a lot of trouble to get his hands on that locker.
"I did not ride his... If you just blew him. You're totes a virgin, right?"
The worst thing with me is I'm so lazy.
Just watch them as they quietly fall asleep and die.
She drained her glass with a quick gay movement.
"I had to live with you... ...and now I might die with you, and it's not fucking fair!"
Some wicked shit got sprayed on you guys during Desert Storm.
The pilgrims (damn them!) grew more numerous every day.
Get this baby off of me.
Because these two dumbasses picked the wrong guy.
This girl has given me blowjob.
Stop thinking with your tits.
"Like my father, who decided to kill his family, to save them from the suffering."
Can't this damn thing go any faster?
Three Negro juveniles... ...were seen discharging shotgunsin Griffith Park.
I think I can... goddamn guarantee that.
"""Why to fall in love, this wretched love."""
You ain't got no right to talk to me about that shit!
He's gonna blow up the house.
Hell! Mexican food.
"And, yeah, Saint Pete will have his ass handed to him in week 15, but Ruxin's players are all on teams that are going to the playoffs."
You're fuckin' edgy and cool.
"Get his ass, baby, get him !"
"Tony, why the fuck would I hurt you?"
"Joann, please fucking pay attention to me for once."
"You're such a hero, you're so rich. How come you've come here to waste your time with such a bunch of bums?"
"You did stop brainiac, and without taking a life."
Why do you think I kidnapped the bastard?
"Blowing a hole in the palace floor and slinking in like a rat, with smoke coming out of your clothes . . .”"
"But then she was accidentally inseminated With rafael's sperm, And things got really crazy from there."
To one sick fucking night.
"Damn it, it really hurts."
And who ever said that you and I were gonna have sex?
I don't know. You're running around like you've got 10-lb balls in your pants.
"If this is done, Soviets will come here like before, and more people will die."
That scum that collects on the creek where the current can't carry it away.
You know how many people put their ass on the line for you guys?
Drink this and you'ilhave the best sex of your life.
"This is some uncivilized shit, man."
"He wants me to sneak into his mansion, take all of his crap."
"Huh? And no, I didn't tell the other guys, only because they'd flip the fuck out."
It means she was forced into sexual intercourse against her will.
"Hello, Dick."
That dress sucked anyway.
"Shoot him, shoot him, shoot him!"
I think it is romantic that he is doing this for his brother. -Are you insane?
'Cept he smells worse.
"Tell it to your bra, sag-bags."
"Now, wouldn't you rather spend the next four years looking at him than some sweaty dick ni--"
"Damn, he's dead."
You yell at the nuns with that mouth?
"We tossed his house, we found all kinds of shit: barbed wire, spikes...."
I doubt you'll get the chance to drown.
"She's awful, okay, I know."
"Relax, I'll just throttle this baby back."
"You may have your father's looks, but you get your brains from me."
"When I was about five years old, my dad started letting his friends have sex with me for money."
What the heck.
You fucked Rick Derris on a pool table!
We gave it to that koala bear from the CIA with the brain of a homeless man.
They hunting down cops like dogs.
"You're back, silly kid?"
She stunk so bad I needed a gas mask!
Shit. You need a doctor.
"Well, I do, I'll just wipe my hands on your fur."
"""You!"" she spat."
Just give me the knife.
Look at that big fat bad boy I saved just for you.
"You're not much good to me alive are you, Turkish?"
to stab himself through the skin to entertain us for a few minutes.
Hit him hard.
"I scratch your back, you scratch mine."
"He said he hasn't had a success in over five years, and... everyone in New York thinks he's kind of a loser."
She's one of the poisoned homeless.
Look at his tongue.
"They poop, and then they sit in your lap."
You sound sick.
You wait and you wait for something big to happen... and then you find out you're gonna die.
He's a fucking good cop.
"Mr Barber, in order to get paid leave, it'll take a damn sight more than a bit of graffiti and 200 children chanting, ""Baa!"
But I maythrow him a fuck if I like the movie.
"Roberto seized one immediately, pierced it with the tip of his knife, and sucked it as he had done as a child."
"I didn't ask you to hug me, you bony nitwit."
And then you hypnotize the poor bastard until he literally doesn't even know who he is.
"It's a long shot, but if the person who ordered the hit touched it, there's a chance we can find out who wants you dead."
Bad people go to hell?
"When they separated, she said, ""I wonder if your foolish bravery was nothing more than a ploy to gain my sympathies."""
Get the fucking gun.
And I isn’t fucking gay.
"""Crikey,"" Agar said in disgust."
If you want a pack of insane broads chasing you in theatrical costumes... ...that's your choice.
"Your father was here, sucking the youth out of their heads again."
But we'll need to use the cord blood to really give her a shot.
"But the Catholics used a shotgun for this brutal punishment, and the Protestants an electric drill."
"That was a stupid thing to try, miss. I think you better give me the keys."
And he's kicking like hell.
"There's a constitution in this state... ...or was, before he blew it to hell."
"Oh, crap. 29... There's nowhere to run, Zoe."
You feel the way I feel... rotten.
What the hell is normal?
You start screwing around... ...the kids start dying.
Why you ain't on that damn train?
"Cool. And by having sex with you, would I be saving the world?"
Them's black widows.
I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
For fuck's sake!
"Britney Spears shit, man."
You know how many people are having sex with vampires these days?
"""He's so small he could walk between my legs without touching my --”"
Is it fucking bleeding?
"So when the train stopped, everyone got out to go for a shit behindthe wagon."
Vampire.
We're nearly demented.
"Wonder where in the hell they are, anyway."
"What, you don't care, If I'm having sex with other women, while I'm having sex with you?"
Your characters are like little lumps of lead until they open their mouths.
He could have won. Damn it.
"As far as I know, Daniel, it's designed to kill."
"Finally! After 3,000 years, my evil army of the damned, my beautiful, beautiful army, shall be unleashed!"
Open the damn door!
"""Except written with shit on the underneath, not with a pen on paper."""
"Damn right, 15."
Don't give him anymore of that shit.
Margo hired Hannah after I fired her ass.
"You girls want to play grab-ass, you do it on your own time, not mine."
White boy's in fucking Simi Valley and the other fucking fool's in San Gabriel.
It looks like he's suffering from brain fever.
"Okay, so you're not gonna believe who's just fucking shown up."
“Damn it.
You need to get the hell outta here.
You don't have the nerve to call me a liar without that gun in your hand.
My sex-on-a-stick next-door neighbor.
"So do I, goddamn it!"
Funny how you choose to remember that with my dagger at your back.
That's fucking interesting.
"The only problem was, she was fucking over The Deuce while she was fucking him."
They were nuts about racing.
"Well, at least there will be one less black man in the world won't there?"
"The key is to set up a situation where even though the mark knows he's fucking me over, he gets to act like he's doing me a favor,"
Spell it any damn way we want to spell it.
"You were bitten by a spider. It, like, messed up your brain."
"It's like Hal has lowered his whole Jesus, you've got a big noggin."
The bastards are killing 100.000 a year.
"Quinn, I love the fact that you're a stripper, but I hate the fact that you're a stripper."
"God damn it, just sit down."
Totally useless. if there's one thing I learned about the Christ crowd... ...absolutely no sense of humor.
This is my bloody house!
"Walter, talk to me, God damn it."
Don't be so childish.
"Deep down, you're glad she's dead."
# If we win you must take your sorry ass back to hell # # And also you will have to pay our rent #
That I saw more strange dick... than a draft board doctor.
"Chinese capitalism, too, is rife with corruption and self-dealing."
"Screamed, cried, told him to fuck off."
It's not just her brain anymore.
Pigs. People we don't like.
"Goddamn it! if I said I'll spendmore time with him, I will!"
"What's she supposed to do, die ignorant?"
You out of your mind?
"it is, Mexicans can crap on your food, and then they..."
"Baby, there's lesbians here."
Where are the rest of the Gorgonite scum?
"The SAT guy that popped me, dragging my ass out to the University of Chicago."
That's so ridiculous.
It would take only a single shot.
"Charlie put his arm around me and said, ""Pick a hooker."""
I made a stupid mistake!
Fucked up my boots.!
"Wheezy, how's your sex life?"
"Oh my God, you're maleficent."
"Goddamn it, he knows what he's doing."
"And if you'd shut up,"
"And his opponent, the white motherfuckin' Godzilla,"
Goddamn it to hell!
"No, I've been trying to find Olivia's killer, busting my ass--"
I'll make you real fucking proud.
You got Barrenger molesting little girls.
"I don't know what the hell you're saying, but if you don't calm down right now we'il just take a sample of your blood off the floor."
They could kill you with that patchouli smell.
"Damn it, the forest fires!"
"I believed my maker, Godric, was such a vampire, but he was weak."
She's gone and fucking dumped me.
"Please, don't fuck us."
Freising is just a dump.
"Which is ridiculous, because it has no effect whatsoever."
"Vadim, I'm not here to fuck you."
"Mr. Fet, you spent your life engaging vermin in this city."
Get off me!
"Your death would serve me no purpose, but your life might."
That's poop for sure.
I want you off my campus.
"He rather hoped Brad would say hell yes, he had objections, a whole damn book of them, but Brad only shook his head."
"Shut up. Nymeria, gloves!"
"Damn right, Cecil. Damn right."
Never underestimate the power of a boob.
Your damn Commando Elite wrecked my dad's store... ...destroyed the super Gorgonites and ran off!
"You poor fools don't understand, do you?"
You're so fuckin' sorry.
Damn. Where in the hell did you learn to drive?
I'd be a fool not to.
Pinky.
Using that word gives you the freedom to do whatever the fuck you want.
The only way you're going back to jail is over my dead body.
"They took them, thiefs!"
You seem to think this thing has all the devils of Hell in it.
What the hell's going on?
"Uh, no, we just had a... teacher who's obviously gay who refused to come out."
"Damn, you're eager! Get the box."
Jimmy Page is probably one of the finest guitar players alive... and Prince is great for having sex.
Who gives a shit about a chicken?
"""I could raise them as zombies, Sergeant, but you have to have a mouth and a working throat to talk with."""
"Try to screw us again, I'll build that woodshed myself."
"Uncle Monsignor, a glutton."
There's nothing more sexy to me than a guy with a mouthful of big pearly whites.
- I'm not using the damn slide.
"Can you, Shibu, rekill me?"
Stick your own finger up his ass.
Shit-Man the Barbarian! I have no idea!
How the fuck am I gonna get your money now?
I think guys... like you... are dumb fucking assholes.
What the hell did this?
Goddamn!
"I told you,I didn't give the kid the fucking piece!"
This sucks!
"You know what'il kill me, don't you?"
"In this relatively small area were jampacked eight hundred thousand people, hungry most of the time, eating swill and glad to have it, drunk if they could afford it and often when they could not, dwelling in small, dirty rooms with sweating peeling walls alive with vermin, cruel to each other, ignorant, superstitious, and, worst condition of all, hopeless."
I want to cut her open.
Give me a gun.
Shut up. This is a normal day with friends who are done studying and a pen that rolled away.
None of your damn business.
"Defeat me, or save the city."
"Goddamn pitiful, he said."
That we be doing this writing shit to express our vision.
"Gotta get a rope! Oh, shit!"
You never know... when you'll need to fuck your way out of a tight situation.
You gotta laugh at that shit
"To his alarm Frodo became aware that the ridiculous young Took, encouraged by his success with the fat Mayor of Michel Delving, was now actually giving a comic account of Bilbo's farewell party."
I fucked a pimp. Ha-ha-ha.
"This is a very very special compound, but it's gonna be slow and fucking painful."
I'm getting too old for this shit.
All he did the whole time was shoot me in the face.
O death!
How in the hell are we going to build a boat?
I've only had sex with one woman.
I remember the day you and I talked about digging a hole in fuckin' dirt and smoking hash through the ground.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
May I hang your garment while I get you another drink? . . .
How dare they stuff things into the sacred anus.
So exactly how sick are you gonna make Matty?
"Yeah, posters are stupid."
Got a game of Bullshit going here?
"Well, trust me, they're just monsters with good P.R."
Bank robber and a cheat.
"Oh, I hate this place."
Your plan was to throw a dance honoring the singer of damn I wish I was your lover?
Shut up.
"Shit, I have no idea."
"Oh,good Lord... why don't you just take your clothes down to the river and beat them with a rock?"
This fucker's gettin' too complicated.
"Badass, dude!"
I should drop dead if she's not beautiful.
"You are doomed, ruined, finished."
"Everything's gonna be OK, little devil baby."
"Damn, Wood!"
"You're sure the mayor won't talk? - No, they'd kill him!"
"If you really, really love someone... - yank out three dick hairs."
"You know I always stood up for you, but you are killing me."
(Gibarian) A silly animal with a small brain.
What the hell's wrong with you?
"For now, yeah, but give it 10 years, and I'll just be another woman that you got tired of fucking."
I want this prick hurt.
'Shut up!' said Galder.
"And even with all that hate in your eyes, I'm not seeing what it takes to kill."
I've seen cesspits with more brains.
Newt attempted a pathetic smile.
You fucking white boys are all the same.
"Uh, that's why I brought the party pig."
"It irritated him, and he wondered why he gave a damn."
There's so damn many of 'em.
Then why Ronnie dumped her ass?
"As your attorney, I advise you to take a hit out of the little brown bottle... in my shaving kit."
It's a dumb idea.
What the hell are you doing?
"Yes, it's sexual."
"We'il probably all be dead, so why worry?"
"The women were dressed in filthy rags, like the men."
"Burt, you left the stupid toilet seat up!"
"Oh, hell, he should just go home. . . Forget this crap."
"Hi ... 7 minutes, 17 seconds. - You're full of shit!"
Of course she doesn't have a microwave. She's fucking 1 00.
They'il hear the shot.
"He was dirty, but it wasn't Cross."
"So maybe now you'll get rid of the little psycho, huh? Oh."
Why do you have to be so nasty?
A bulgarian drug dealer runs the place.
You are totally impotent!
"Damn, you gave me a scare."
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to I've never had much goddamned tact."
There was nothing Freddy wanted more than to find the person who had turned his previously ordered world upside down and fuck that person over.
I'm taking your ass to the hole.
"Well... your dad bonked my mum, I guess."
"""TYPE 0 RH NEGATIVE GOD damn. . . it."
I need you shit turds to go to I Oberman's house with a camera.
And a dishonest man you can trust to be dishonest.
You look like hell.
Heard you really QB'd the shit out of that Stay Rite engagement in Salt Lake.
I don't have all goddamn night.
"If one kills me, I will obey his slightest command."
"And, Graham, shave off that bloody Hitler moustache or you're not coming to the wedding."
A beaver's asshole.
I don't want the founding document recording a fucking bribe.
I do my killing after breakfast.
I've sacrificed a lot of shit to do this!
You fucking forgot!
"Damn, I don't have my key."
I know good people... ...who say there is something wrong with us... ...inside our black skin.
And a goon with a gun thinks he is God.
"FLAVOURED OR COLOURED ISOGLUCOSE SYRUPS FLAVOURED OR COLOURED LACTOSE SYRUPS FLAVOURED OR COLOURED GLUCOSE AND MALTODEXTRINE SYRUPS FLAVOURED OR COLOURED SUGAR SYRUPS (EXCLUDING ISOGLUCOSE, LACTOSE, GLUCOSE AND MALTODEXTRINE SYRUPS)"
"And then, well, you just upended the battle, or whatever it was-. And damn everything."
Whole damn thing is a shambles.
"Damn, you got me!"
What are you doing with that butt?
Knock her down and run for the car.
You don't know how many people he sucked... ...over the last howevermany centuries he's been alive.
"""Why not?"" the grotesque little man said."
"Meaning first my deadbeat son and his, limp-lipped girlfriend come in, and sponge me out of my starship."
"Me first fucking job,"
"My friend, on the other hand, she was a good terrorist"
You're disgusting.
"Yeah, but, ""Your hair looks butch""?"
I was just running by the park and I saw you standing there with a bunch of strangers doing some half-ass jumping jacks.
Perhaps one that won't leave our buttocks such a ripe shade of purple?
But my tubby husband- He's one hundred percent queer.
That Gina was a freak.
"(LAUGHS) Damn, you're good."
I hate to leave you hanging.
"I'm going to fucking assume the worst, because it's near Kalaygal, and that they have fortified fighting positions throughout here."
To take his own life.
"Hey, you frog, stop your croaking!"
They were gonna cut off my fingers.
"We can all just sit here on Earth, wait for this big rock to crash into it and kill everything and everybody we know."
The average working man is a slave.
I can't get up. Puss.
You broke up with me two seconds after sucking face with your ex-boyfriend.
What the hell was you looking at?
I don't believe in this D.I.D. bullshit any more than you guys do.
"Yeah, but I'm not gonna do it, because I'm not gonna let you beat me, because you're a"
I saw Sarah on that couch and I fucking lost it.
Are you really f chick?
"First, we determine who had opportunity to kill Mr Jenkins."
"Give me the money, stupid!"
"If you're driving out here at 70 miles an hour and a deer darts out in front of you, if you blink or brake or swerve-- shit, you'll just kill yourself."
"A silent morose man, not popular but a hard worker."
"OK, we h u m ped like dogs, on Napoleon Aven ue!"
"And worthless shell that I was, dressed up like a human with less claim to that title than ever in all my years of failure, I became its mentor."
Holy shit.
"Daddy, she's-- - Shit!"
We would risk scrambling his transporter signal and killing him.
"Yeah. Then you can drop me off home, you can go to Georgia fed out and be the fuckin' man."
"Gots to go to Norway now, sees my dad die."
"As the Spartans kicked major ass, even Leonidas believed victory was theirs."
I seen him rip somebody's guts out through their ass and their eyes fell out.
I wanna get on my hands and suck you like a great big lollipop.
I'm not paying the fucking bill.
You know that time will get you killed.
"But guess who was sitting there in the back, filming the whole damn thing?"
What the hell's that supposed to mean?
"Asked it, Justin... said he did not need help, fucking bugger."
I want the whole world to know what he's done... what an evil man he is.
"That's some fucking ego, Emma."
Do you shave your balls?
What about ones who claim to be models but are actually just sluts?
"Biting his lower lip, somehow sure that the dead cop was going to reach out (oh shit the mummy’s after us) and grab him, David struggled to free the keys from the belt-loop."
"Oh, prepare to meet shit!"
It's a dump!
"Angie, you're cute as a button, but you burn like a botard."
Doesn't anybody here read a goddamn newspaper?
So who you fucking working for?
"He is there. I will burn him, Comrade Major."
In the attic little diamond mice skittered on black feet among oats and bits of rice and old rigs left up there by a generation of Desolation losers.
Real fucking dark character.
"Why you can't think of a plan, dummy?"
Holy crap. Wow.
"I swear to god, when mothers birth morons, are they doing it just to upset me?"
What the hell is this place?
"It's like, if I'm not man enough to piss at a urinal with other men, how can I gonna be man enough to take a girl's ass cherry?"
"And Tony, the worst restaurateur."
Kill somebody?
"Come on, it's not gonna suck itself, Mama."
"You said, from torturing the guy, so torture the guy, damn!"
"I'll kill you. Mr. Meers, did you know the defendant before the attack?"
There's the stinking pigboat!
I'm guessing the killer is left-handed.
"Shoot straight, partner."
What motherfucker cursed her?
Get her the fuck out.
"Well, what happens if she hates your guts too?"
Don't talk about women like that in front of my club! You'll be lynched.
The needle sticks so deeply my breast!
"If she wants to be in a relationship with a filthy rich guy who adores her, so be it. Not this guy."
"'The big wee hag left in a cart,' said Big Yan."
Run dammit!
God! Fuck!
"You know, a lot of those guys are pretty nuts."
"'Nah, nah, my brains got twisted,' Speedy said, shaking his head and waving his hands back and forth before him."
"Go in on foot and wipe out these deserted cities, destroy their automations and their power sources."
Fucking knew it.
"I often meet with Joseph Rimskaya, but he is still morose and not very stimulating."
What the fuck is Sturdy Wings?
"It might be the child of a tramp, otherwise his parents would have done something ..."
Seemed like a good person to eliminate.
You want me to shoot you?
"And I don’t mind telling you, nigger, it's steady work..."
"This might sound really stupid, but do you think there's anywhere I could make money doing karaoke?"
It's not a goddamned seminar.
"These two sick old men, they stole our car, exposed themselves to those poor girls."
It is time to attack the earth!
"Choose an injection site on the upper thigh,"
"You're thcared, too, but you cover it up vith your big mouth."""
"Open your eye, nigga."
"What the fuck is wrong with you, man?"
"His hideous face was as black as a thundercloud as he stumped to the table on his short, gnarled legs and helped himself to a bit of sausage."
I couldn't quite figure out how many men there were... but I did figure out there would be 24 boobs.
And that slit in her throat like she had an extra mouth.
"I was willing to die with them. Yes, to lead them to their rightful place. It is God's wish that these sinners be sacrificed."
A crook who got rich in Africa.
Don't be foolish.
Because it looked like you were having sex with my wife.
Did you see him catch that pig?
"But, lucky for you, I'm getting way too old for this shit."
"If he's smart he's 1,000 miles away. He was a freak."
You had the fucking tracking device. I don't have it.
Bellissima without those ugly grays.
Hmm. Forsakes safety and even odds in a future fight for immediate fucking dubious combat.
What the hell happened to you?
For you to shut up... ...and get going or we're in trouble.
"Yeah, well, I figure anyone who's got the guts to piss on my Persian carpet has gotta have what it takes, Stansfield!"
"Uh, well... damn it."
Some guy who doesn’t even have the brains to buy a Zagat so we don’t wind up in a restaurant
"And I hope his ass hear me, too."
"Hey! Watch where you're going, damn it!"
You must have known our suspect was gonna bleed to death while threatening to kill a hostage.
Thank you. - Even though your dress is ugly.
"I'm here with one of the victims, Ralph Duncan, who is also the inventor of the Human Shell. / Oh, shit."
"Oh, it really, really sucks."
"The bite still hurts like a bitch, But everything else is- Is better--"
It's either... a giant shit I took or the lasagna I tried to shove down there.
You sure as fuck never did.
"So, here I stand, a former bitch, asking for your forgiveness."
Do you realise that you haven't even come close -to giving me a goddamn apology?
"If Doc sneezes at the wrong time, that boiler is goin' to blow and kill us all."
You're not being very smart.
Anybody got a fag?
"Five mil of mine under this guy's ass, I can't get him on the phone like some discount broker? The fuck is that?"
"""Uncanny how you do that."""
"I thought you called me over here to uncuff you from your sex swing again, but you're in love?"
"Get out of the car! - Oh, shit!"
"And as long as you weren't related to Osama Bin Laden, no one gives a crap what your family does."
It's silly. It's just a primary. And I know things never change.
Get off my brother.
They will destroy this planet and take Atlantis with it.
The best part of Frank's story was how the four of us came together as a group... to mercilessly slaughter him.
You'd go crazy.
I won't put my job on the line for you. Hatcher. Not my damn job!
You think people stopped fuckin' and stopped bettin' and stopped borrowin' this month?
"Holy shit, it's headed for the mine!"
Why's the black guy wearing a pirate's hat?
Damn it! I can't believe she's the one that gets to say that.
Jesus fucking...
I wish it was me that was dead.
"A very miserable creature he looked, dripping and dank, smelling of fish (he still clutched one in his hand); his sparse locks were hanging like rank weed over his bony brows, his nose was snivelling."
"Rome, Rome, Caesar, Caesar, Rome, Rome, rubbish, rubbish, rubbish!"
"Now jump in that forest... ...and you gotta tag as many cute, furry, bear butts as you can."
"Hell, I don’t either, Dick replied."
You're too fucking young to die.
"I guess I'm just not as great as a bloodsucker, am I?"""
"The situation now was unpleasant — the Americans were trying to be kind, but they were so damned overpowering!"
"""She's ugly,'' sneered another."
He was a dickhead.
I can't see shit.
Damned sure Ryan was the first spy who'd ever made it to the Oval Office ... was that good?
Can you believe this shit?
That's my shit you stole.
How about a shot?
"But by Christmas Eve, he sold every last toy... ...and I got stuck with crap."
"Sick, aren't they?"
"Top five people who died during sex, go."
"Really stupid, boys!"
We're still the bollocks.
I want to live on with loser dad.
"I sure hope someone's forwarding his bills to him, because that kind of thing can really destroy a person's credit, although I'm sure he has really good credit -- or had, if he's still alive, which is all I'm really worried about, just so you know, 'cause I've checked every single hospital in a 50-mile radius every day for the past four weeks and all the morgues, and obviously I'm the only one who gives a crap, so -- - I give a crap."
"Says he's out of pocket, shit's hitting the fan, he'd come down at the end of the shift and sign off."
And we got two wild cars and no better then that damn ankle brace to the mine.
I thought the people of Vilena hired these mercenaries to kill me.
He got a friend to dress up as a skinhead and break his arm.
"When a kid started to smoke, he was lucky if he could get through half a butt without puking his guts out or almost fainting."
"Maybe you forgot that while you were off with your wildling bitch, but I didn't."
Cuff him and lock him in storage!
You shut up.
"And she's rendered inhuman physically, but also because she's a villain, she's a horrible thing."
Suck it long and deep.
Then I'll cut off your tongue and mix it with my wine.
Go for the door. I'll draw their fire.
"I mean, I can't tell you how many times I was, you know, I started with a shit hand and I ended up with a full house."
Let's expose how little Miss Trailer Park... ...became the richest bitch at Blue Bay High.
Is that even in fucking papers anymore?
Just to see how miserable I am.
"""Tess... I have a diseased mind."""
"Die two months ago, and not forgotten yet!"
I swear to God these fucking birds are just fucking take my shit all the time and they will not fucking shut up.
Leave it to me. Uekichi is faster than a monkey.
I know you fucked Sam last week.
Why can't you just shut up?!
Get the fuck out of here.
"I work all fucking day, I gotta put up with all this stuff!"
"Though not a fool, he did not know them for trees."
"He hated that voice, wished it would die a quick, nasty death, but it just went on and on."
You leave me here like a humping dog.
You're such a fucking little girl.
Didn't Sayid say that crazy French chick had batteries?
Crooked bookies…
What the fuck's the matter with you?
Let us make fools out of the police department.
"All you ever do around here is eat, sleep and shit."
"Shit, two days from Montana."
"We must cut off the head... of thissnake, before it swallows us whole."
I shoulda hit you the fuck harder.
Pack your shit.
She's worse in spanish.
We said the slutty wedding sex didn't have to mean anything.
Can't you morons count to yourselves?
My partner and I have been on your office shit list for six months.
I thought that killing Dr. Kiel was the answer.
Goddamn!
You don't queef in bed while we're having sex! You!
"Go out. - Hit me, Fred."
"No, we had sex one night after work, a few weeks ago."
You bring me here and do that shit in front of me.
Those damned romantics!
You know what sucks?
TV last night didn’t know shit.
And then kill the Rose Bowl queen on the Nakamoto boardroom table?
Black? White? Tall?
"Technically, he's bonkers."
"If he kills a third, you get a bonus."
"Catch you later, white girl."
Put a needle in her arm.
"I shall harness myself to some greedy pill pusher, shut my mouth, and pray that it nets me a steady income."
Imagine the medics giving him their death sentence and then telling him to knock off the boo!
That shit's the real Loch Ness monster.
"Hey, don't tell him to shut up."
The lie is that he gives a crap about how his wife feels.
My bosses are hot heads.
How many uglies are we talking?
You're killing us!
You fought about the price and cut off his head.
These fucking terrorists multiply like bunnies.
And then a few weeks ago I fucked up again.
"Objectively, it's looking like they'il hang him for his sexuality."
"Well, if men are so disgusting, you'll be much better off with my sister."
She makes lesbian sex with Lynn Rutherford from accounting.
"Jack, tell me what the hell is going on!"
"Hell, I could hit it too. if I didn't mind wasting a shot."
"What are you fuckin-- You see, when you use the silencer a lot you have to put a piece of cloth here because it gets very hot and could burn it inside."
"Oh, you can call me Pussy now."
"She's gonna go down in history as ""Hot Bitch Mary."""
That's a lot of freakin' cowboys.
"Dirty policeman Hamesh Frini aka ""Gori Rider""!"
Cos I'm the dummy who let him mumble like that.
"If it's not restored, the hostages die."
"He only put up his fists as a prizefighter might, and hit me square in the face."
"Think of the riches, Lump, that you and I alone shall divide."
"You wouldn't. Because I post as ""ncisucks"" or ""ncistupid."""
"If you want the ugly-ass necklace, keep it."
Anticipating problems before they whack you in the face.
“What are junk patients?” Laurie asked.
"But you gotta draw her out, get her to talk about herself... ...listen to her, act like you give a shit to get her clothes off."
We could penetrate every goddamn Salafi mosque in the world... ...and still not even get close.
I do hate a bad loser.
Who's going to be the damn South Korean?
Shut her up!
Stealing our shit.
She's a demon!
"Wow, that girl can hit."
One of us have to get down to the damn car and get help.
"G'Kar's taking it as a personal rejection, since he wrote the damn thing."
You have a gift for corruption and a penchant for betrayal.
"I bet they never sucked face."" But we did."
"Stupid, boring, quiet, boring, one-horse, boring town."
"This isn't the way a an old rat should die,' he mumbled."
"Shit, Allen, they're coming."
We're an embarrassment.
"I mean, Sheila is professional and meticulous and wonderfully anal, and if she says that nothing gets misplaced in her inner sanctum, then I believe her, which leaves the national security option."
"They gave me steroids too, but it fucked me up!"
"Orry Dawson, you son of a gun, come here."
"Goddamn, I paid $10 for that cigar!"
"Usually I hate foreigners, I'm gonna be honest, but you guys I hate way less."
Does the Pope shit in woods?
"""Mother of Voot,"" Brim swore darkly, shaking his head in disgust."
This town is gonna give you the biggest damn parade you ever seen!
Junk mail filtering
Did you hear me say anything about kill the kid.
Poisoned. Fouled by the body.
"You're getting on that fuckin' plane, Tiny."
Got one for every cop and crook I met.
"Your uncle's pissing on your head, what do you expect me to do?"
"Is it moral to let some fat, greasy man roll around naked... ...in a pile of cash when it could be used for something good... ...like sending Noreen to college?"
"Oh, crap. They gave him a name."
"'Cause it's just not cool To be a Nazi anymore, baby."
You got a fuckin' gun on me.
"Spike: I went home. Today your friend dies, tomorrow my son dies."
The scum attacked me.
"And all we got to was that street-level asshole, Pitarrio."
What an awful kanji!
"From now on, you're in the getting-fucked-by-us business."
I'm smashing his head through the windshield of a car.
"All right, when you get that plastic home, put it over your daughter's head and suffocate her with it"
"""Shit, what are these?"" Hoffman asked downing them."
"By the way, his name is not Fat-shit Cat, it's Meatball... ...and he's eating your crab cakes right now."
"So sit down, shut up and pay attention."
"""But I also understand why the vampire council made it a habit to kill necromancers."
Not for hoodlums like you.
Death by strangulation... Crushed ribs...
Not this year. It'll be such a gay season.
"I mean, I heard about the curse, But I just thought it was a load of crap."
"I can't take this anymore. You do me, slut."
"Yeah, I can't wait to get your sweet, warm blood all over me hands."
PETER: It's none of your darn business.
"You don't know a damn thing about me, so what are you so worried about?"
Get the hell out of my office.
It's not semen. It's sea man!
We'll cleave you from the herd and watch you die in the wilderness.
"Just give me a clear shot with my razor claws, and I promise you he'll fall to pieces!"
Too slutty?
You might get away with that with Tyler... ...but this cat? He's nuts.
Give me the fucking key!
"said the Jew, patting her on the neck."
"She knew you had mental disabilities, and she didn't want to deal with you."
"Too damn bad if it's the last one, he thought."
And then I'm gonna send someone to Chicago to find your daughter and throw her off the Sears Tower tonight.
Damn!
If this was small enough to be helped by some little apology... I would be a fool to bring it up.
Dry you off.
"Well, you scared the shit out of me."
akon 2girls1cup wwe power rangers mistic forse sex scenes bb8 big brother basshunter hanah montana pamela anderson sex video enrique iglesias hentai xxx jonas brothers orgasm linkin park amnesia ibiza sexy girls kama sutra nude
Take me to Nottingham. Idiots.
You wanna tell me why anybody in their right mind... ...would need to listen to music this fucking loud?
The speaker was a sluglike creature with spindly arms and eyestalks.
I guess the good news is he'il probably die a miserable death out here.
We're going on fucking spring break.
"No, Ashley, I am not gonna let you... ...throw your life away for this loser."
Gotcha didn't I you little sucker?!
That very tiny little guy gets lots of pussy.
Get off me!
"Like my cousin Amanda, she's just bulimic."
"The people won't find you weak, or a fool, they will find you merciful, understanding."
I'll help you cheat if you take my virginity.
"I was taking my morning coffee and... Oh, I was watching that ridiculous show ""The view."""
Is that what your sarge taught you out in the jungle... along with how to cut gook tits off and make moccasins out of them in 20 seconds?
I can't make sissy with all this pressure.
"Hey, the asshole is the strongest muscle in the human body."
"Craig doesn't have any pants on. He got fucking wild. Probably danced, sweated all over the place."
Are you a sex criminal?!
"Dope-fiends are white, opium courier's a Chink."
"We could give this 250 grand to Castelo, he could still cut our balls off."
Admit that losing this place would kill you.
Isn't it disgusting?
"What, are they gonna just...drop dead?"
"Shit, don't look."
They didn't let their presence be known until after Mr. Blonde became a madman.
"It's a crazy thing that if I'd been less of a hard head when you were a kid, we could have had 20 years in this dumb game."
"""You always pretend to be such a hard-hearted hussy,"""
"Suppose you're on the piss, aren't you?"
Wait halfa darn minute!
Shut up. What have you done?
"""My wife'd give me hell."
Kill this user
He told you to whack me!
Frankie! You need blood. You need surgery.
"So, how about a little special encore performance... ...for my sexy-ass husband? - Yeah?"
Hell of a woman.
I told you my brotherwas a maniac.
"You know, it's a shame, all that work she's doing to get sober, only to be torn apart and eaten alive."
How in the hell did you ever get so rich?
Get the hell away from her.
"“Wrong religion, white boy."
"You gotta have brains, and you gotta have balls."
The whole bloody town must be flooded up there.
"You undoubtedly think I'm being foolish, but I assure you I am not wrong about this."
Get the fuck off of me!
Holy shit! That's awesome!
The torpedoes. He armed the damn torpedoes!
I hope they fucking rupture!
That's brave talk for a guy Whose butt is shining a bar stool.
His girlfriend told me he used to fall asleep while screwing on his back!
It burns my ass to write you a cheque every week.
He will send in an anonymous assassin.
You found a woman who's willing to stand up to you and call you on your crap.
Fucking rat.
Kid's gonna get himself killed one day. This is why I promised his mother
He said he was too busy to talk nonsense.
"That Destriant back there, the Shield Anvil - gods, what a hard woman!"
"Good afternoon, Mrs. Bullard. Idiot."
"You know, I am so glad I never did it with someone I had lukewarm feelings for 'cause Christian is brutally hot."
"So primitive, rubbish people."
"Lookit, fuckstick, you don't gotta trust me just listen to what I'm saying to you."
"Goddamn it, Sookie. You took my eggs."
"Hypocrisy, thy name is, Boone?"
"He killed three of us, ripped off Louie's ear."
"Turn the fuck around right now, John."
Get off him!
Now it may appear in the picture that I'm actually looking at the camera lens and smiling with the penis in my mouth and giving a thumbs up.
"The cream of evil - Hitler, Napoleon, Messalina,"
To whorehouse or to another slave.”
I could see the burning desire to kill warring with her survival instinct.
Canton really stinks.
"All Piaggi had to do was die, obligingly, at the right time."
Jay and I are both gym rats.
Tried and executed for crimes against the people.
"If we push the workers any further, they will die!"
"""O BEFRIENDED STRANGER!"
"GARTH: Stand back, kid, you don't wanna get mauled and eaten."
"Oh, they tell you it's for security, but meanwhile, the guys in the ties are keeping track of how many times a day we need a goddamn pee. Ha!"
"You nearly gave me a heart attack, you wanker."
"They bite you, it's because they think you're a fat little seal."
"Wait, how do you have half a foreskin?"
"Not only did these bitches not prep my station right, but it wasn't prepped at all."
The guy who wants me dead?
"Am I surrounded by incompetents as well as fools?"""
"I know not what, but he's an evil man."
They must have been having sex as well.
"Don't stress me, wench!"
You thought that eveRY single day it wasn't... ...a goddamn marathonof my life without you?
What the hell are you doing?
"If you said to me, ""Hank... All you can do right now is eat that ass,"" I would put on a lobster bib and eat that ass."
"When this public opportunity to do that arose, he pulled his shit together,... ..risked life and limb, and faced the odds to come and give it his best shot."
I'm a goddamn American icon!
"You hated her guts! She didn't like high heels, she-she wasn't catholic, she didn't come from money."
or I'll be in fucking Harlem!
"The last man that put his hands on me like that, I beat him until his eyes bled."
"Come, come. Pour out your awful thoughts."
It's too bad... that Laurel never got a chance to get out of this place... since she clearly meant shit to all of you people.
"Shut it off, please!"
"Sorry, mate, I was just, you know, fucking entertaining the troops."
"Ernie Therriault is another cop - sort of - but relax: he's the last one we'll have to meet (well, there is an FBI agent running around here someplace, but never mind him right now; he's in Madison, and he's a fool)."
That killer prospers by this radical smut.
You're not paying me for fucking good manners.
"You got plenty of fucking time, dude."
"You saw these sitting on the steps of look's General Store or sometimes walking across the countryside in gangling groups, young men and women of enormous height, weight, and stupidity, sometimes grinning at each other and babbling, sometimes only goggling up at the sky."
"Vinnie, what the hell is this?"
It was one thing for a senior officer to invite a junior to share a joke; it was quite another for some kiss-ass young prick who thought he was showing his sophistication to deal himself into a joke he didn't even begin to comprehend.
Shit! It would take me all day just to get started.
"""Just dumb luck."""
Where's my goddamn chequebook?
Has he ripped out your tongue?
What Austria wanted from Serbia was complete humiliation!
Damn you!
Haven't we had about enough of this cigar smoking shit in this country? Huh?
"One bed, four bitches?"
Cry... Die.
"Get out of here, you lurker!"
This is just one of those... ...just totally fucked-up situations.
"Lafayette Reynolds, on behalf of Renard Parish, the state of Louisiana, and Jesus Christ his fuckin' self, - What are you..."
Don't you bloody forget it.
Stop worrying about your assesand start worrying about the patient's.
I just want to have sex.
My guy says we got to show him that we can handle our shit.
"Right, well, he was doing all this irritating shit, and he was driving me crazy."
"Well, I happen to know that Henry Cabot Lodge has a condom in her purse."
"Your kid is never gonna poop as good as my kid, but you are gonna love it."
"After she's had to kill somebody, then I'll accept her pronouncements."
I knew you were good but that was ridiculous.
Why the hell didn't you tell me about that passageway?
Please get off him!
"Sam's your ex-husband, And addison is probably up there right now, screwing him. Shh."
"Don't you ever, ever humiliate me like that again!"
All I know is I got a can full of young girls suffocating to death on my docks.
They're erasing the goddamn disk.
"Hey, kill any banditos lately, cowboy?"
"I got the latest shit list, gentlemen."
We're gonna go up there and do exactly what you said we're gonna kill it.
Maybe Jimmy wouldn't be so screwed up.
Damn. Guess it's mislabeled.
Gross. Narcissist.
"Man, I rat and in eight months lm dead!"
"Damn, Joe. I've never seen you like this."
Jesus Christ with a machine gun mowing down German farmers and factory workers.
Can you believe this shit?
Walden took a big poop. ♪ Men. ♪
"You suck at lying, El."
We didn't know you were a traitor.
This time I can't bring myself to tell him to shut up.
I fucking came here for her.
So that's why you had to kill Rushman.
Farms are gross.
You want to fuck your friend?
"You haven't been home yet, have you, dirty girl?"
"God damn it, Kyle, we had it. We were right there in it and you were too slow."
"So, the bitchier I am, the more you'll like me?"
Did you fuck my dad?
"If I pass out, you'll have to stab me with it, okay?"
They won't get any points killing me.
Hermione looked tense and rather miserable.
"In my experience, people generally bullshit you."
That'sjust one of her stupid guest lists.
We're in the same fucking hallway.
"I just bet them $500 apiece... ...that I could piss on your bar... ...your floor, your phone, and piss on you... ...and not only would you not be mad about it... ...you'd be happy."""
I fucking am!
Everybody wants to be a shit-kicker.
"""Oh, mon, I'm Hermes, and I think it stinks in here like a green snake, or something else that's Jamaican."""
Bad shit.
And why kill her now?
Everyone is gonna die...
"Best part is, either way, it's your fucking fault."
You let me in. Shut up.
"You know, I helped kill the mayor, and, uh, Jasmine."
"""Wha?"" said the wart-faced goblin."
"I will smash their walls to the ground if it costs me 40,000 Greeks."
"Next thing I know, she invites me in, and I get a blow job."
"""I've been calling you all goddamn morning."""
Hope it's the right fucking pizza.
A cheap albino lesbian. A finger with teeth.
"And then, er, you started to jack me off."
"You know, Sir Edward might also have been the unluckiest man in Britain."
"He catch you listenin' in, he'll run your butt around the block."
Bang. Stop shooting me more.
Said they're gonna tell Jimmy I was a rat.
Why the fuck didn't you stop me once we started?
Whatever the hell you are.
"Ellis and I studied our asses off all night, and I only got a 73."
"Well, they are, and they're thick as thieves."
Why are you such a psycho?
Hope your shit doesn't-- shits don't hurt too bad.
"I want a career, even if you think it's stupid."
Did you do that to that rat?
"Shall I end her life now, as you would have?"
"Phil said, ""Look, I don't care what you charge the bastard with."
I don't know what the hell you feedin' him... - but he is too damn big!
You don't want us to see other people and that's how you tried to tell me... ...by asking if it was cool if you screwed Michelle.
"Yeah, you got a half a mil in Mexico, and you want me to bring it in... Goddamn..."
"That, uh... that ass wound of yours... bet it's acting up, huh?"
Find out what that little devil is looking at.
"Look, I know you're supposed to be my sponsor and all that shit, show me the ropes, but I don't need any help."
Niggers! I don't even want to say the word.
I'll die much easier than you.
Joe stated his case logically and passionately... but his perceived effeminate voice only drew big gales of stupid laughter.
"Hell, beating on my fucking door."
"His gun was on the chair, and I grabbed it... and when he came at me, I shot him."
"Ezra Powell, on the other hand, is gonna die."
"In a moment, you're going to hear from Ms Bishop, who's going to make many ludicrous suggestions."
"Don't die on me, please."
"Personally, I can't wait to hurt him."
"Take your threats and your cheesy acrylic nails and go figure out your marriage, instead of tryin' to make other people feel as miserable as you do."
"Shit, you weren't the only one that got hepatitis, jack."
All such fools need do is start a fire somewhere near a building and throw some phosphorus on the flame.
"If you don't transmit a special code, they will close the iris. You will die."
"I'm fucked up, okay?"
They're kind of ugly and vicious.
It's a waste of a goddamn ICU.
"After all he said and all his mother said, and I, like a fool, boasting about my clever son and..."
What did they do to that poor old bastard?
"This goofy kid here, he was from Carthay, too."
Your client is a two-time loser.
I shit in the bucket.
"It sucks the garbage off the ground, so now I don't have to throw it out on the street through a hole in my pocket, Andy Dufresne style."
"She's certainly proud of those boobies, isn't she?"
Did you fuck up the last two packages?
"You got sand, Barret but you can't lie worth a damn."
Did you love me more than this bitch?
We'll use red balls.
"I said all the whites are leaving... the French, the Italians, even the U.N. Belgian soldiers,all of them!"
Shoot and blast with all your strength for our nation!
He wants you to go over there so he can beat the piss out of you and then take you to the cops.
"A single soul ran away, but I chased her... and killed 'er."
The second one is for women only to attempt suicide while pregnant!
"Wipe the windshield, check the driver's bullshit level?"
"Much better. Now, put your hand on my breast."
"Or even if you think you are dracula, What the hell's up with the mummy?!"
"""Cap'n Marsh,"" he said, ""That woman you got under there is burned to death."""
Fiquitiva killed the Negro.
"Sometimes, our minds can make even a stupid ghost story seem real."
For killing Derrick storm like that.
"Then you realized if you bitched, then you would stop cooking... ...and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke."
Don't let that maniac get my daughter.
Yeah. And I could upgrade her internet shit.
I'm not listening to any more of your give peace a chance crap.
Perfect case for you and the nutty Professor.
What the hell is goin' on here?
"Build a coffin for it, put some pennies on its eyes ‘cause that stiff ain’t breathing."
That's funny because it looks to me like that little witch of yours got her hands on a spell that I keep locked away.
It was like a really fucked up wedding.
You lying slut
Blow the town and flee the fray
Are you insane?
Shoot the chandelier to knock me out?
You keep sayin' that shit. But you know that I put in more than a fuckin' 'nough.
"Don't waste my time with bullshit, Carmen."
"Yes, the fucking choice!"
They've addled his brain and yellowed his teeth.
Saved it even though I'd tried to kill him.
"O, I am fortune's fool!"
It's not kidding to be stabbed by you.
I fell in love with that ass.
Rather...taken prisoner I will blow up this ship and transport to safety.
She begged for her life. - Shut up.
Where the hell are you going?
"Yeah, I think you should be the sole owner of the fetid bull scrotum for next year."
I can't stand that shyster.
Then where in hell has he got to?'
The pimps were treacherous and dishonest and without a shred of loyalty.
"You got 10 seconds to get your butt back to green, or else."
Remind him that I own his ass.
"I love being able to make my living writing stories, but anyone who sez there's no dark side to it is full of shit."
"That sounds like the modern equivalent of hanging out in front of the 7-Eleven and waiting for something to happen, which I did the shit out of in my youth, but I can't endorse in you youngsters."
How am I supposed to know if I'm not allowed to look back? Just shut up!
"""What in hell?"" he said."
"When the party arrived they found the officer in charge waiting in the doorway, apparently curious to see these queer fish his men had hooked."
It's been two fucking weeks.
"Some asshole thought it would be a good idea to have this meeting... ...at Joe Barbara 's farm,up in the country, nice and quiet."
"CLAY: I was lying in a hospital bed, thinking about all the shit I lost."
"It seemed a silly thing to do at that time of day, but she knew why it was a hospital rule."
"Maybe you knew early on that your track was from point A to B, but, unlike you, I was not given a fucking map at birth."
What the hell's this song about?
I wanna make him cry.
Hundreds and thousands of wretched workers slaving for a mere pittance to keep her in silk stockings and useless luxuries.
My freaking kidneys!
And this prickass member of the squash team he comes up and he asks me for a jack because his back is hurting.
People thought he was a devil with all that smoke.
"You wanna burn it down and out of the pipes, force it in here, slam the door, and trap its ass?"
"Joe, I hate to bust your bubble, but you didn't save a damn thing."
WOMAN: Disgusting.
Theres some interesting shit on this.
I just wanted you to shut up about your damn blisters.
"Don't be foolish, your clothes are still wet."
You can cut them in two and the head will still hang on till sundown.
The man sweats urine.
And bloody hell... ...I like it.
Now wonder your dad beat the shit out of you.
Can't be taking advice from a nun and a hippy.
"Darn it, you're wasting all this paper, Serena!"
Try accepting I'm going out a loser.
"It is a volcano brewing with the sacred semen, lava..."
"Then be the fabulous narcissist that you are, and do it for yourself."
"Welcome, executioner."
"The one that had bend marks and rust stains, and take that sucker back in the living room, because you were going to perform an operation."
"That fingered you as a spook—rendering your value to your country as approximately zero—and covered his ass nicely as a loyal and vigilant Soviet citizen, doing his duty to the Motherland."
"One way or the other, I'm getting the hell away from you."
But if you are dead it will be of little comfort to your son.
None of your damned business!
"If he died, I would die."
"My mom always said that they made a mistake down at the IVF clinic, but, shit."
I'm sick of you Paul!
"Not telling her you were waiting for her is the same as saying you weren't waiting, you stubborn butt hole!"
I guess I didn't do too well by him for he's a powerfully sick man.
I'm gonna give you one chance to apologize for being an unrelenting bitch since day one.
"Just that good old funloving wife-shooting Jim Gardener, going crazy and beating the shit out of a guy with an umbrella."
Yeah? So you'll fuck her next time
"I braced myself for what was next: rage, fury, a possible shanking."
I wanna take another shot at the upper torso.
I'd only want one person in the goddamn world by my side.
Not one fucking detail!
"You're a greedy, gloating shrew... and you don't know shit about fishing or living."
"I'll be hitting on all applicable women... ...in Electronics, DVDs, and all aroundthe entrances and the emergency exits."
God knows why he picked on me. The bastard.
Then screw you! Right.
That job was a fucking joke.
Maybe you can shut your dick-holster.
"I did not ride his... - If you just blew him. You're totes a virgin, right?"
Everybody's listening to me about garbage island.
"Matt Saunders, you've been a very, very evil boy."
"I'd have thought that it was obvious, seeing as how I've been shooting at you."
I don't give a fuck what he said.
What a little piece of filth.
"In 10 seconds, that cop's a fucking fireball."
You invited Colin? Your rapey neighbor?
Maybe my boys won't fuck you up too bad.
We've got orders from the king-- The king will be dead in a month.
I know that Sarah Good was a devil worshiper.
Don't you ever leave me again !
What the fuck are you doing in my car?
I can't wait... ...to devour you.
"You had a hard enough time being you when you had your fucking chance, and that's why you're in here, all right?"
Nobody fuckin'set anybody up.
"Fiendish Dr. Wu, you done fucked up now."
It's just common sense. Avoid big idiots trying to hurt you.
I don't give a fuck how many guns I've seen him hold.
"You know, she ain't pretty as she used to be... and she bitch a whole lot more than she used to, but she white."
"Don't worry, I have convinced Jabba that the Jedi have murdered his son and are on their way to kill him."
"""The dragon is coming or I am a fool!"" he cried."
Put Her In The Bath Before Your Mother Gets Wind Of This Whole Situation?
Shut up!
Don't say anything. Fuck.
How many times have I covered up for one of your goddamn stunts?
"But that required trust - a trust I didn't want to feel, a trust in that bloodsucker's ability to keep her alive."
"If we can suck them in close enough, we might give them a bonfire to enjoy."""
Why don't you shut up!
How many nights and weird mornings had this shit been going on ?
You rat.
"I know, but, like, lying to her Just seems cowardly and selfish."
"Uh,carl gulley. Said she killed him'cause he was evil."
No circle jerks?
Everybody knows I love titties!
"He backed away towards the Talnoy and commanded, 'Kill these Black Slayers!'"
"I smiled up at him and thought that if I pulled the trigger, I would take out most of his thigh, and maybe cripple him for life."
That photograph... It could kill us.
Let's hack her to pieces.
"Frost, can you blow him up?"
"You are remanded to the custody of the Sheriff and to immediately be transported to the Arkansas Department of Corrections where on the 5th of May, 1994, a lethal quantity of an ultra short-acting barbiturate in combination with a chemical paralytic agent, will be injected into your body until you are dead."
"I'm white trash, and I'm in trouble!"
We make a damn good team.
If you can't spot a piece of bullshit commercial publicity when you hear it... you're even more naive than I thought.
Threaten me with what you wrongfully perceive to be my weaknesses... ...this is a pathetic deception.
Can you make a shitload of Mexican bunting and flags and all that?
You're a speck of dust in a expanding crazy universe.
He mutilates him.
"I don't know what the fuck it is, but we're gonna record it."
"No, no, she kicked my ass out."
And you thought I was the dirty one.
"Marco, will you please tell that lunatic tutor of ours She can't kick me out of my own room."
It is putrid!
You earn your fucking money... by your own effort?
"Oh, my God. You look like crap."
And we shall flay the skin from his body and use horses to tear him apart!
Look at your prick!
The rat pack drank martinis.
"I made him with these hands, and with these hands, I'll destroy him."
I suck at this job.
He gonna stick his tongue out to that girl.
I'm marching your little butt right back to the safe house.
She'd stand on a piano and sing songs. Damn.
"I would shut your mouth, Julia."
I've heard it my whole goddamn life.
And they can burn you today.
I don't want to know diddly-shit.
"What you all are... is pulp, when the rind is split wide open."
"Maybe you were sick that day, professor."
Killed all these counselors.
To think we fought Granny for this crap.
"Smith, I happened to find something interesting when I zoomed in on the ""suck it"" photo you sent us."
I wouldn't put my ass on the line like that.
"First, they kill Nate."
"No wonder her husband left, poisonous bleeding cow."
You requested to work in Santa's sex toy shop.
"""Crikey!"""
"Either you folded because I gave you crap, or you broke up, or..."
"I mean, yes, right now, Lily is a goddess bestowing the miracle of life... but damn, she dumb."
"You're much more beautiful than old, ugly Irma."
Call me old-fashioned... ...but one doesn't have sexwith women who are unconscious.
"As I recall, I let you take any crap you took a liking to."
"Normally, he could not be tempted into such a xenophobic reaction, but dammit, these creatures had tried to destroy his ship."
"Oh, forget about that. We have got 99 stinking puppies to find and kill. Now get on with it!"
But now I have to ask what's wrong with sluts?
"Look, I'll cut you in, okay?"
They treated me like crap!
And then she knifed him and took his money.
I didn't mean we'd walk away and let them die.
You deserve better than to be used as a whore.
"If you're gonna get down on your knees, you better be giving a BJ."
It's really stupid.
"There's just the guilty, the ignorant... and the unlucky."
"You're an arse man, aren't you, Waj?"
It was enough to hear that ridiculous name Tony and instantly she forgets the wonderful times spent at my side.
Dr Wen threatened to sew my butt cheeks together.
"I want to be inside you, Tommy."
Now mind your fucking business!
Stop stealing crap from the hospital.
Like those anal-retentive bandits who robbed Quahog Bank last year.
You always were a good little liar.
"We killed the remaining survivors, the women... ...as well as all the children."
"Antwon was some Iraqi National Guard general... ...we'd wait till he was all tucked in bed... ...having a real nice dream, and then cluster bomb his ass."
This is fucking great!
"Instead of taking a saw to your skull,the probe is simply inserted through the nose."
Her mama. She the freak.
You're a mother hen.
"Look mate, it's not you who gets it in the neck, alright?"
I catch that pretty little bastard talking to my daughters--
This is proof that he studies the black arts! He's a conjurer.
"""I have looked forward to meeting you, necromancer."""
Am the bogey of your father.
"Incidentally, get that bloody wig off Nobby and hide it, will you?'"
It might wait several days for a careless fish... to swim within range of that big ugly mouth.
Fucking joke.
This cannot be Harvey fucking Slater!
"But since I don't know, you not only fucked things up by fucking me and maybe making me pregnant, but even if it's not yours, I can't know that."
It connects all the perverts.
"And horrors rose all around me: the dumbly passive and, degraded damned of Bosch, the bloated coned corpses of Traini, the monstrous horsemen of Durer, and blown out of all endurable scale a promenade of medieval woodcut, emblem, and engraving."
Posies! Buttonholes!
You know how much time I've wasted on that fucking dance?
"You know, I got some naked pictures of your mom, taking a bath."
"Well, if the most diabolical woman I know can't seem to figure it out, then I must be doing something right."
Why kill me?
"Boy, I'm going to teach you some real shit now."
Fired and put a bullet through the back of the guy's knee.
And keep your left leg still or I'll cut it off!
"Ruvola lines up on the tanker and tries to hit the drogue, but the aircraft are moving around so wildly that it's like throwing darts down a gun barrel; hitting the target is pure dumb luck."
"Tal had cautioned Masterson about leaving the girls alone, unless they invited his attentions, and sent him to the city a couple of days a week to get drunk and spend time with the whores."
Don't fuck around like your mama.
"He's fucking with you, Ade!"
I don't know a damn thing.
"So the meaning of life is shit happens, huh?"
"Goddamn it, I pay the six of you more in one day than it costs to put a kid through college."
Are you bloody joking?
"Especially for a poor, timid sap like you."
"Damn it, Mr Binford, I don't think that's fair..."
"You said that Sally was cold, and you were dying to fuck your aerobics trainer."
"Why, it's the only place we can take it, and the last place they're gonna look. Anyway, fuck it."
"And if you won't help me, I'll do it fucking alone."
You want that thing off your face?!
You wanna cut me off at the fucking knees?.
"Oh, my bad. It's just a bloody rib."
Give me a fucking break.
Puke! You're a goalie.
"I put the word out to all of my contacts, and I'll tell you this-- with what I pay these people, if she walks through a hotel lobby, a car rental agency, a bus, a train station, I'm gonna hear about that shit."
The last thing the Agency needs is more jarheads turning the organization into a bunch of gun-toting paramilitary thugs.
"Okay, Beth, please fucking stop."
Also crazy paranoid.
He got suspended for 20 fucking games.
Death is just a fucking pit stop... on a road that keeps on going... with no end in sight.
You shouldn't talk with that cheap-ass bracelet.
And I will finish Thor and those pathetic mortals!
"Now, you're either gonna tell me every damn thing you know, so there's a small chance I can actually do them some good, or I'm gonna be all over you like a fly on shit for the rest of your natural life."
Kelly decided to go for a soft kill.
I called you because you do my best dirty work.
"I did want to tell someone, but Mueller would've just laughed... ...and Nunez wouldn't have given a shit."
He's in three Years and thinks he's Jesus fucking Christ!
How old and weak you look.
"Well, that was fucking embarrassing, hm?"
"She is a drunkard, a glutton !"
You bet your ass it does.
"Tuvok, target the ship off our port bow. Fire a few warning shots."
You think I'm the kind of guy that watches porn?
Place is a damn stronghold.
You didn't threaten to break his legs and then crush him into powder?
"He puts his head back out and hollers ""Major Marvy sucks NIGGERS!"""
Throw them down!
Parasite free!
He has that crazy look in his eye.
"Fuck him up, Tummy!"
You're in some serious shit.
Couldn't give the state liquor motherfucker a stack of hundreds covered in coke dust.
She said some pretty crazy shit.
Or blow him up.
Why not shoot straight with them? You're innocent.
"I just bet them $500 apiece... ...that I could piss on your bar... ...your floor, your phone, and piss on you... ...and not only would you not be mad about it... ...you'd be happy."""
"Before her lawyer gets here,let me take a shot at her."
Y'all ready for some shit?
Tell them to put the fuckin' weapons in the bag!
"He turned back to Rose Madder, and spoke without allowing his eyes to rise any higher than her breasts."
"Dollar bill guy, five dollar bill guy, sex guy, Will Ferrell, black guy."
"Why are you bothering me, dildo?"
"""But I will tell you one thing about the bullshit,"" the president said."
"""Go lick'im."""
"Oh, piss off, George!"
"He's saying ""I kill 3 humans, watch out for me."""
Saying goodbye to Hank sucked.
"How about get Wilson as far the fuck away as possible, sir ?"
"God damn it, Mary, that's no life for you!"
"You slipped? Yeah, don't I feel silly, eh?"
"Shit, something's wrong. We're stalling."
He starts talking about how Uncle Phil is a liar and a thief to his own people and shouldn't throw stones in glass houses.
Bastard. That was a gift from Winston.
Like you're some sort of sideshow freak.
Of course he'd have to be dead to say nice things.
"We both wanted to get away from home, away from our parents, and away from the smell of all that cowshit so the Great Romance could bloom in earnest."
"Put it on a tray, you take it up to him and make him fucking drink it."
"What are you talking about, you stupid woman?"
My brain is falling out.
I've spent my whole fucking life being cheerful.
"Hey, for God's sakes, would you just shut up!"
Grab her legs.
He had to get a witch into the castle.
Are these monsters going to kill me?
Are you out of your fucking mind?
Damnit!
But... a lot of shit around here doesn't.
"""You are a madman, Blair,"" G.G. said calmly."
I've had to wait for you to ejaculate.
Ade had sex with that guy?
"Hey, Frank. - Fuck."
Put this in your mouth and lie down.
"If my Colonel catches you here during an attack, there'd be hell to pay."
Where's that psychotic lion?
He's not a moron! You can't just agree with everything he says for two days and hope he forgets the last three years and how much he hates you!
"You can do anything you like, silly."
"Yeah, and he'll be shooting after the windows go."
"We can still get through this, we still have some time, but I need you to use your fucking head, and I need you to trust me."
My lady needs to call her loser ex.
Your noble son is mad.
Sleep with a woman.
"Sandra Panitch went with Jackson Hale to the Channel 8 News Studio, engaged in sexual relations, then stabbed him in the heart with a knife."
"If you do not stop hitting on my lady, you'll feel the full extent of my wrath."
And think is kind and smart and sweet and bloody sexy.
"Shut up, I hate this game."
"""I already told the Fuck-You-Man,"" Tommy-Ray said, ""I'm burying nobody."""
"Mean son of a bitch, No doubt."
'Fred and George are going to laugh themselves stupid when I turn up for the tryouts.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
"You fuck with me again, I'll give you two of the longest days of your life."
"You know, I'm sick and tired of your stupid kamikaze trip."
Look out! - Shit!
Don't be. It's this flimsy-ass four-star restaurant.
"It's not cause when I came to homicide you taught me all kinds cool shit about... well, I don't know, whatever."
"By the way, Ms. Miroku, who the hell are you?"
Get your big butt back in the house.
"A car, silly."
Prove to me you're exactly the same kind of animal I am.
Is that damn irritating photographer here again?
Because he's guilty as hell.
"But the Silly cruiser was only about four light-minutes from the nearest Andy ship when she opened fire, and she hadn't seen a damned thing, either."""
And who the hell are you two?
Oh with all the good men off to war we're left with nothing but rogues and scoundrels.
But if you lie down he'll sneak up and take a chunk out of your leg.
"You, my friend, are shooting for the Sudan."
"Suck on that unit, Kirk!"
"Okay, everybody, we're ready to shoot the bomb scene."
"By ""filly,""i meant the horse,obviously,not your daughter."
It's so obnoxious.
Give me some goddamn room. I know this guy.
"You have no idea, no fucking idea, what I do for you."
Clean this shit up.
"What is the matter with you, are you crazy?"
"Having failed at suicide, she's decided to become a cripple."
You always give him what he fucking wants!
I know the way this shit went down is real embarrassing.
Severe personality disorder with features of morbid jealousy.
So if there's only one Slayer... what is little Miss Whack Your Head Off doing scampering around?
You can't have your blissfully ignorant wife --
We're gonna tear the roof off this place!
"After all, it was said, what self-respecting Varlish soldier would touch a lice-infested highland slut?"
Does your penis pump still work?
"Every cop in this city's looking for him, not to mention the fucking beaners. - The fucking Orientals."
It's one thing if you wanna look like Admiral Dipshit... ...but then you gotta do it to your kid? Look at that little:
Get the fuck out of my way.
"Are you sorry you shot me, or are you sorry you didn't kill me?"
Laurie has a score to settle with her over a bitch-slapping incident that happened at Mouseketeer Tryouts.
Call me an asshole one more time.
Damn it. I told him to meet me here.
"What the hell, Bishop?"
I can sell everything and send you half the cash. You must hate me.
"And then this guy's girlfriend, this real sexy Oriental bitch, you know, she starts screaming at him, ""Chuck!"
It's a duel to the death between your dick and your heart.
"I said, ""This is very fucking bad news."""
"It's likea big, stupid coffee conspiracy."
"""I killed the president of Paraguay with a fork."
“They should have given you a goddamn medal.
"Shifu sent her out looking for those pigs, To get the sacred stone back."
Massage your master's chest.
"You fuck me over for that girl, mark my word, I'm taking your ass down with me."
Who's gonna pay for all this shit?
Somebody threatened to kill your wife and you forgot?
Keep your swarthy jihadi.
"Listen, Mr. Sumner... we come to get this bloody freak."
You lousy son of a...!
And you both deserve to be in jail.
"If you've got something on me then fucking charge me. if you don't... well, you got to let me go, ain't ya?"
"This-- I'm sick of this shit, Lawler."
We only come to see which girls have got fat.
"I don't fucking know, okay? - Hurry up."
"Hello, piggy!"
"What the hell was that about, huh?"
"Awesome, so we'll drink her booze, trash her place and still ignore her ass."
All I heard was sounds coming from the mouth of a nerd.
"Craving someone to talk to, he grew in a fish tank... a poor migraine-ridden brain."
"Madeline saw a very short, wizened little man, ludicrously bow-legged, with a face the color and hardness of a burned-out cinder."
And then I realized... ...it's useless.
"Back off, loser!"
The Hoover Dam and fucking are connected how?
I don't want you to be revenge. I don't want you to be my mistress.
Who's the old scag sitting next to him?
"No, do not want - Damn, Zoe!"
Surprised I have to spend another day in this piss-hole world.
"He's an old cockuh but still a hothead."""
You're kidding me. Holy shit!
"Yeah, you damn right I do."
Get me some fucking Band-Aids!
"""Put the phone down and serve the bloody customers, will you?"""
You are dead fucking wrong.
So many balls!
"Take this, put it on the ground, close your eyes and go nuts. What do you say?"
"Too many balls in the air, if you catch my drift."
There is nothing worse than a harlot turned respectable.
"Reality, logic, justice—be damned to all of it."
"There's no witness protection programme for dirty spies, Ros."
"They ride them till they drop, kill them and eat them, then steal some more."
You sold us out and now Dax may die.
"They wear masks, and under them they're perverted, twisted, crippled!"
"""Poor little kid, dammit to hell, couldn't they let her come down to the airport?"""
Kick her!
Damn those TV programmes!
"What do you care if I'm a guy or a girl, douche bag?"
But he's a cute fucking kid.
But everything is so fucking expensive.
"Throw it over the fence, man, fuck it."
"My purpose is to allow you the opportunity to reply to my transmission before its contents become general knowledge and inspire someone to panic and do something stupid."""
"""God damn it, that's a big fat ass!"""
You fucking coming in my club and telling me to sit down.
We seriously need to sort our shit out before the Old Ones arrive.
"Damn it, you can't get them off, Jay."
"Damn it. Hey, Arlo. Move over."
OK. That greedy bitch stuffed all the ham and pineapple.
But Dexhart now has another sex scandal.
"I butchered them for decades in Chinatown, never understanding a damn word they said."
"You're encouraged to sexually harass new prisoners, organize no-holds-barred catfights and maintain poor hygiene."
I found a brand that's gonna get me rich--obnoxious!
Did you have sex with my wife? - Whoa!
I'm the boss of this fucking family.
What the hell is this place?
You think I'm fucking Frank Malone?
"You know, I bet she sells drugs on the side to pay for her pathetic divorce."
"Shoot him, shoot him, shoot him, shoot him !"
And the only thing I can think is that Furillo planted it on me because he hates my guts.
"Ah, damn it!"
If it means I can stand here and watch you turn into an animal.
"Is it just me, or does this playground look like a sex act?"
You're stupid.
She's got horrible teeth. - She's got her mother's teeth.
He's lucky I didn't kill him last time. Lucky he's fuckin' livin'.
"Night come, we die."
"Shit, I hadn't thought..."
Hot damn.
You mean extract your semen and inseminate your sister so she can give birth to a purebred Newman?
I can't see shit!
"They kicked my ass, until I told them all about South Harmon."
Al Capone built it. -No shit?
"Fuck, I'm pretty good at this."
The irony is that women don't care that much about balls.
"Oh, shit. So you're the guys."
Damn fool kids. Cryin' over somebody they hardly know.
You absolutely know where you are with porn.
"Yes, but we won't know them from ordinary robots until they kill us."
I can't fucking believe it...
Former stinking commie despot.
Just because we're a bit rubbish and we're cursed because of what we are doesn't mean we can't be happy.
"Go back to your dumpster, Seanie."
"Nobody beat us, fry us and eat us in fricassée"
"Simon doesn't like talking about Sydney's flower-slash-vagina, and burrito, burrito, burrito."
"I was with you in that Rhodes hospital, remember, when you put a bullet in your brain!'"
I thought I'd just gotten shitfaced and bought a bunch of sombreros.
What the hell?
Fuck you!) You're too young for this stuff!
"But at 20, if you throw yourself away on some dormitory slut... you'll be sorry the rest of your life."
"Screw you, I'm brilliant."
Where the hell did you get that kind of money?
"'You'd have to catch me first, fat man, and I can run faster than you can.'"
"""Please meat me there."
You did your fucking job.
Those aren't your goddamn tools. Blow me.
"This is so stupid! We're going to lose the TV, while I'm sitting in some Christmas assembly when I could be out..."
And don't give me any garbage about safety deposit boxes.
"""I should have changed that stupid lock I should have made you leave your key"
"In fact they actually were free, but astray in a wild, uninhabited region, in the heart of the land of the Blacks."
"I love this thing because you gave it to me, but the truth is it is one fucking ugly tie."
"White, black or blue supremacists, especially the blue supremacists, they'll never work."
"Hey,... you almost killed one of my people today!"
And I don't need you cockblocking.
"Hey, man, can't you fuckin' see he can't defend himself?"
She allowed it — until he bent his head to kiss her breasts.
You show me that Wall Street bum.
It sucks when you can't be with the one you love.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
S-Y is like these ugly things on my face.
You think this is fucking funny?
"What do you mean, forget it? Are you crazy?"
This place is a pigsty.
Where the hell you going?
"the indifference, cowardice and opportunism of their citizens kill off democracies even more than tyrants and dictators"
Kitiara had killed men for less than mocking her like this.
I am! I am an unhappy bubble of anal wind.
"One of them as much as promised me parole if you confess and express regret and all that other dumb crap that, of course, we won’t go for."
"""Major, I believe I will be killed today."""
You're a little motherfucking kid need to be in school.
He stepped carefully across the room to stand gazing down on what was left of Dragosani and his parasite creature;
He sees me and he cuts me dead.
Would have been ugly if he caught you.
"You're pathetic, man!"
"Their dicks get limp when confronted by a powerful woman, so what do they do?"
Take off your fucking hat.
"I can harness the wind, but I ain't its goddamn creator."
They... took Stevie Nicks? - Bastards.
I screwed Susan. Did you know that?
Maybe we should take it to a vet and have it humanely destroyed.
Bladderthe size of a bloody bowling ball.
And I'm asking to know if a person of... the mind to blame me will have a way to recover the fucking bullet?
Forget it. I've killed the American town.
You think I give a shit about my territory?
You should ground her because... her room is a mess!
Have you gone mad? Got bumped in the head?
Who the fuck do you think The warden listens to?
"He feels you'll be extremely motivated in resolving this matter, despite my urging him to fire your fuckin' ass and have you fed to the fish."
"The cops have real guns, not like that piece of junk."
He killed himself last night in a miserable little hotel outside Bordeaux.
Unless turning my back on love makes me a fool.
That's fucking crazy.
"If David leaves the island, he'll die."
"And that fucker at the bank, Green."
You're so damn loud!
You're making your mother miserable.
"Bitch, why you don't just say that?"
"She was upset about a lot of things, especially that whole fuckin' Lester Diamond incident."
What we doin' in a fuckin' vault?!
"Only losers call me ""Charles."""
"It's terrible. They're Jewish... but they don't believe in God, just Stalin."
How long have we had this jackass dog?
And that is the charred metacarpal bone of a newborn baby. - Oh. Gross.
I'm living an incredible fucking life.
We must capture this son of a spy and we must locate the diamond and use its powers for our own diabolical ends!
I'm better than half the losers that sign up.
"This defensive system, which had seemed formidable to him when he compiled it, now seemed like a pathetic gesture."
It's the only bloody place left that doesn't make you feel like a serial killer for having a damn smoke.
The pool is pink and flesh color and the body itself is being taken over by this black.
"If you do this, if you win, I'm still screwed."
"""Damn it, look at her hair!"
That's why Edgar never got down off that damn tower.
"And as for you, ya bum, you're gonna go to the stadium... and you're gonna be put through the workout of your life!"
You hate men.
They all squabbled about divisions and only killed them when they got them.
"God, you are. You're the alien!"
"Hell, Buddy deserves these birds more than you do."
"Dick, what's the matter?"
You locate Inspector Five while I slip into my ass-kicking feet.
"Shit--to Michaels took a deep breath, then pressed the button to lower the window with his left hand while he carefully pulled the taser from his belt with his right hand."
I got Monica naked.
"Notify the Judiciary, the Magistrate, but not Party Secretary Bernardi, he's a wretch and the cause of all my calamity."
And clubbed him so hard He might not live.
"Woodrow, let's go, seriously. Holy shit."
Shit no.
"She's skinny, has sad eyes, snores, and sleeps like a person."
"You owe me $2.50, dickhead."
Killing somebody.
"Shandi and kung thought humans were blood-thirsty, foolhardy and proud."
Can I kiss your belly button?
A fucking vegetarian in a land that produced beef in quantities the rest of the world could only dream about.
Do your feces smell like perfume?
If that sand in your vagina doesn't get released You could become a walking time bomb.
What the fuck am I gonna do with five grams?
I'm sorry you had to fuck everything in Blue Bay... ...and sorry you kept breakingmy mother's heart!
"Yes, we're full of crap, yes."
"He drew his hunting knife, rolled to the side and swung the a . weapon toward my throat."
This ain't one of your dumb-ass video games.
That's none of your goddamn business.
Can you fucking believe this ?
"Shit, I don't know which one of you two I feel more sorry for."
How the devil are you?
Let's get down sexually right now... while you play the banjo.
"I'll run around it in the opposite direction, cut off its legs."
"And if you want to keep those teeth, missy, you won't suck them at me!"
"Without his brain, he's quiet and helpful."
Tell these monkeys to let me pass!
What the fuck did you say?
"My husband died, and you made me sit there while you shit on him."
I don't fucking get it either.
"One, you're in a hospital, two, you're in jail, three, your ass is dead."
Get your ass in the van.
Tell me who the Intersect is by three... ...or I inject Agent Walker with enough ricin to kill an army.
You want a shot? Take one.
Your father will be avenged.
I thought you could use something better than that shit you're watching on your phone.
Probably that witch trying to wear me out before tomorrow's trial.
"So the casino, all that shit you did for me is cos of that?"
Find you a puppy to kick?
Shut up. I cured you.
"I mean, Jesus, Jen's already at the lake with the damn dog."
She made me feel like a right cunt.
Frame him for a murder you´re committing.
"Awesome, I told you that uniform sucks."
Why did I want to cry over a whore whom I'd just met?
Those bastards didn't trust me.
I think Terence Smith killed them.
"But Calandra was convinced that every human was a spy, a thief, and a murderer just waiting to rob, rape, pillage, and plunder."
"Mia, I don't give a shit about your clothes."
"Funny shit was, I still loved her."
"I shall wash this poor, dirty boy."
"He was a Chinese Negro, a big man, clad only in trousers."
"Union, is it? I never thought I'd hear my own sons talking socialist nonsense."
"If they're anything like you, I wouldn't be able to stand a fucking hour with them."
if a handful of murderers get executed by lethal injection
This is fucking crazy.
She's scandalous!
"Married, but I'm fucking around with this chick?"
"If you complete that call, I will set your coat on fire."
We had moments on stage that no one'll ever fucking know.
"Some niggas started shooting up in the movietheater, sowejust broke out."
"This is not a birthday present, so don't give me any shit."
"If you pull that lever, these people will die."
"Welcome to the Suicide Room, Dominik."
"Take her from her family, put her in an institution, teach her white ways."
I'm going to fetch that lump of fat!
"Don't you fucking look lovely in your little blue suits, eh?"
Get off me. Can we try with real bullets now?
She doesn't need you'r protection... it's over. she's gonna die.
Did this jerk have a name?
Look at me. - Damn.
Did we kill to replace the terrorist leadership or the Palestinian leadership?
"And while you're thinking about it, if you have the surgery in Nicaragua during monsoon season, I can practically guarantee your death."
I have to bring this shit to Victor.
What is it with you wacky kids today?
"Hey, Deputy Dawg, the least thing they could do is take off the damn handcuffs!"
"""You're a glutton for punishment,"" I grumbled."
Fucking relax!
And we raised two of them like they were dogs.
At least you've given up that foolish notion of performing your mother infected you with.
"If not for me, your black ass would be floating up on a beach."
Classic bullshit.
"See you later, sweet tits."
"That tough no-bullshit voice spoke up then, as if Jessie had rubbed a magic lamp."
"But damn it, this better go real smooth, you understand me?"
"That... ""totally sucks."""
"For God's sake, don't hit me anymore."
"Secondly, what you are proposing is potentially... it's a horrible... it sucks."
How fucking old you think I am?
You seen Shit-break lately?
"I thought I'd shut your mouth in Edo, but..."
"You're lucky we needed a favor, Felicia because throwing your ass in prison was my first choice"
You must have a goddamn IQ of 160!
"Hey, punk, I been slavin' all day makin' that slop."
"'It's a diabolical lie!' shouted Gimlet, from somewhere under the heap."
"Stone! I'll see you outside before you see me, bitch."
Just a little beating by a bunch of midgets.
"If he knew half the crap we'd been through, he'd ship me off to Guam."
It looked like fucking daylight to me.
"Zak, fucking wake up."
Goddamn.
Sheriff. How could you kill Doug like that?
What did your screwed-up parents do to screw up your view of parenting?
Cause you're in fuckin' peter Pan costume!
What the fuck...
They will let you slut your way up to the top.
You got another fukk in you?
"""Listen, bitch, this is our sister floor, we decide what our rights are!"
"If Nick should die, they'll know."
There's another one. Shit. He married one.
Christmas Eve be damned!
"Destroy them all! Everyone, clear out!"
Just kill me... Be careful what you wish for!
Maybe even about his fascinating fucking childhood.
Your fear of intimacy is only matched by your ridiculous fantasy life.
Not so bad at all. If you're a fucking squirrel.
And they'll poison my body.
"That's why I pay taxes, right? So Big Brother can... hack my fuckin' phone!"
"And you two, y'all... y'all were nasty."
"Don't kill anyone else, Mother."
"“Shut up and listen,” said D’Agosta."
"How do you like that, little pussy?"
You're a nuisance - Get out of here!
"You asked me why I couldn't stab him, and I told you."
"It should've totally been Barbie's funky ass, because she is not a team player."
"Sorry, but I'm gonna leave you here to rot."
I don't want a leader who licks himself.
Liars and wannabees (or maybe in this case they were wannasees) wrote up their fantasies for publications like Survivors and called them truth; those who blundered into authentic occult phenomena kept their mouths shut and used those trowels.
"Yes, occasionally the Palestinians had used female suicide bombers, and so had the Chechens, but they were few."
We're the fucking cops.
You are grotesque.
Housman smells blood.
What the hell is this?
"Only dirty fighters use rocks, right?"
Looks like you still bleed just like everybody else.
"Now when you two criminal geniuses are done killing each other, Mr. Moss here and his new gang are ready to take over."
"Aquaman's, like, the lamest superhero of all time."
The sick smile twitched from his face.
Somebody shoot that monkey!
"You know, they say five out of five dentists recommend this shit."
All you gotta do is point and shoot.
He likes crazy people.
"Two more jumped me, and I hit one of them in his--"" Between his legs."
"""My dick!"" Everybody, we're here to celebrate my best friend, Danny!"
"Shut up, Tokyo Drift"
Then you're not a fag.
"You know, you're pretty jumpy for a witch."
"Mac, there's some crazy shit going on, and Mr. Green's death is just the beginning."
"Or we can cut the bullshit, and I can tell you how it really is."
"Shit, he almost got me last time."
"I swear, the two of you are, like, worse than TJ and Finn."
What the hell is wrong with these kids today?
He stared stupidly at them.
I thought it was a nine. Shut up!
"I mean, I'm kind of a bitch, but wes-- who's... who is my former fiancé-- he, uh, sent me a wedding invitation, so my..."
"If you try this one more time, I'll have you fired."
A very dangerous bandit with a gang of killers.
"Did you hear what I said, God damn it?"
Listen to me - Fuck!
Almost burned my fuckin' face off!
I'm trapped in the stupid past.
The Netherlands has shown itself to be a bad loser.
"I created a Trinity of Perverts, Perv God, the Father and the Son. I forgive you."
"Youdidn't just spend three hours being poked and prodded by Mistress Viola, who is mean and rude and... ...mean!"
"""He's my goddamned partner."""
Please eliminate him... before the D-day.
Magobei doesn't have the balls to come at us alone.
Point the guns in my face!
I just- I want you guys to like me... and you look at me like I'm a f-freak.
And the best hamburger in the city is some blood-soaked old guy?
Let's get ashore and fight! - Shut up!
"Man, that shit smells good as hell, dog."
"Karis scanned the room, spotting the red-bearded giant Forin sitting in a corner with a young whore perched upon his knee."
That's because that shit is Inuit.
Just go out with me one time. And if you're miserable and you hate it then I promise I will never even hint at the subject again.
We'd better get rid of his skin.
Go nuts. Find somebody great. It just can't cost me a penny.
"Honey, just put it in the shower with the steam if mom ever finishes shellacking her face."
"Stand back, you foals!"
Women always seem to complicate things.
Then he showed up and started chasin' 'em around with shovels or some shit.
Who did that to her face? - Her pimp!
"Liz can't wear it 'cause her neck's too fat, but your neck looks, you know, not fat."
You made me feel so fuckin' safe.
"""You stink of the court a mile off."
"What the fuck are you doing, man?"
"What was that shit about the Rolex, man?"
"I don't know anything about this Terminator time travel bullshit, but even I know that."
"You're going to be great at a few things, But really crappy at many more."
"""Shut up, I said, shut UP!"""
That was the longest freakin´ piss in Italian history.
"Oh! Her hair is awful, baby!"
"Big, silly grin."
"Well, I think it hurt a shitload of Irish people."
Okay. I have to convince her parents that I'm not a shithead.
"That's a hunk of fucking cheese, Kenny."
What? I've been staring at this thing... for a week now from opening till closing and I can't see a goddamned thing!
"Birthdays, anniversaries, I'm the one... putting the whole goddamn thing together. I am done."
"Damn, she was sexy."
"Here are your clothes, bitch."
I don't know what damn money you are talking about.
Lilith can fucking blow me.
"So Hank, as he called himself, found a quiet spot and spelled out the whole darn mess."
To determine which ones to execute.
"The past was supposed to be erased, now it's come back and bitten us in the ass!"
You see these big bastards up by the stage?
"I'm the real clone, damn it."
And all these stars just fuck it up.
"Oh... why don't you calm the fuck down, new guy, huh?"
I don't know jack shit about anything.
Figure out what we're doing with our dicks when we get back.
The pangs of terrible hunger controlled the movement of her mouth to the shiptit.
"Oh, God, she's gonna poop in the tub."
"It's another CIA cluster-fuck, sir."
"That's my best friend, Barry, fucking her on an IKEA kitchen table I picked up for a really good price."
You mean to tell me that our entire defensive strategy... was concocted by clowns ?
"James, what the hell is he doing here?"
"You like to take your sweet fucking time, don't you?"
"You're working for him, aren't you, you little shit?"
Arrest them if you have to.
"I mean, it took four hours to get those fuckin' parts out of your car, right?"
"All the stuff that people obsessed about over them, all the good things people wrote, all the nasty shit, all the movies, the insider tell-alls, none of it captured them."
Get off my son!
"“You get that lazy lump of brown bones out of his couch and down to the Feeding Ground, F’nor."
"Hobbies: falling off walls, disappointing sick old men to death, making girls cry..."
Miss Clavel your thoughts are useless. So ...
"This may sound stupid, but I've never been to one of these things before."
"Well, we're gonna rob one of them."
And now this little fool won't get my coat!
"The man looked at him like he was crazy, and maybe he was."
This is truly sick.
"Construction, shit like that."
You want me to bite the top off?
They're coming out of the walls! They're coming out of the goddamn walls! Let's book!
It'll be easier for me to just leave some shit here.
"""Anyone found using the same password for more than a week will go on the pig list.”"
"Coutenay, still on his feet, looking stupid, breathing heavily, could only mumble something."
It's too fuckin' hard right now.
And then she had sex with him.
I'm not afraid to die. Shoot him!
"Five hundred light-years to there, five hundred back to leave the Tahirians off — if we survive the . . . the damned escapade — another thousand years before we see Earth!"""
You should pee in the pool.
"If you have any kind of success anywhere in the world, you got some fuckin' Jewish influence."
"Yeah, just like you gave me a call when those Temple frat boys decided to smash up your face."
"""Your gratitude is unnecessary, bastard brother."
"You know, if might help if you aimed a little more for the gutter. Moyer, stop breaking her balls."
Her blowhole sputtered laughter.
Street soldier like Nomar doesn't know shit.
"Some fucking party, huh?"
Hey! Do not say shit like that!
"Then one of us is gonna have to have sex with Ted. (SCOFFS) And, not gonna be me."
"Jake, shag them."
It's fucking genius.
Somebody's about to fuck with this airport.
What I can't figure is why the hell you're crying about it. (CRYING)
A slap on the wrist to the colonial oppressors.
"""Hit me again, Ike, and put some stank on it""?"
Are you fucking spying on me?
"Apparently, Internal Affairs wants to roast me on a spit!"
"Don't play the sick man with me, Mr Morton."
"If I am not with her, I will die of a broken heart."
You're going to pay her to have sex with you?!
"A couple of drinks, a couple of laughs You'll have time for the short, ugly guys later."
We been through this shit?
So fucking 15th century.
I'm gonna find some other way that I can help out if it kills me!
And he may not be the fucking last.
Ripping a man to shreds is barbaric.
"""You and Lady Harrington have nasty, suspicious minds, Cat,"" he said, ""and you both pay too much attention to qualifiers."
"That whoever killed her, hadn't killed anyone for a long, damn time."
I put my hand inside her body
"""McCoy, you said this man was insane..."""
"Yes, because you spent thousands of dollars on shit we don't need."
"If I can see you kiss your wife's leg every night, so can the blokes at the ends of rows three and four!"
"Shut up, Eric! There's gonna be four million children playing this song at the same time on their recorders, and so help me God, South Park Elementary is not gonna be the only ones that don't know the song!"
I mean I went over there and I fucked him.
That's my wife you're mouthing off about. Watch your bloody tongue.
With my fucking family.
"Anyway, well, we pulled a few hospital patients-- tall, scarred, sex offenders."
You're being a bully.
I'll stake you.
Get off of me!
Tell him I want you both the fuck outta here by Sunday or I'll call the police.
What the hell...
"Hurt him some more, Tommy."
You hit that tower square on you're gonna kill a lot of innocent people.
"Come on, let's go watch him shoot."
It's only one fucking guy.
"He filled up the tank of the piece of shit in a town that was home to the runner-up of the state women's under 16s three-hundred-meter dash, and, hoping that the dirt wasn't all that was holding it together, he ran the car through the gas station car wash."
"I've heard this over 2,000 goddamn times."
"Yeah, one is an old lady. She's sick, she about to die."
"Well, wasting my bloody time!"
"When my ancestor Reginald wong found them here, they had no bingo parlors and only one prostitute."
"Look, when your mom and stepdad came to visit, I agreed not to have sex while they were in the house."
You think it's that loser Kolya?
How the fuck he got the number?
"Some fuckin' day, huh?"
Shit Do not mess with the little pride I have left.
"Killed my staff girl, Rachel, and that guard, Ellison."
'Cause I really like the Skype sex.
"Why did you order it if you're not hungry, you jerks?"
The sultry bitch withthe fire in her eyes.
I got to get the fuck out of here before I hurt somebody.
"It can't be as black as all that, can it?."
Blowing up buildings with a bomb.
He had his legs torn to shreds today because he didn't have the balls
"You see him coming, you run for your motherfucking life. You got that?"
"There could be a little Hitler or just a full, nasty Chewbacca."
So what the fuck are you talking about?
Gross. - I have a proposition.
Nigger Platt.
"Answer the phone, dummy."
I'm an independent and damned good at it.
Ain't like I expected a red fucking carpet.
"Just lock your arms together, hold your knives up, and then dance your ass off."
I don't think 6 A.M. will kill you.
Your blow-up girlfriend.
How could we be so goddamn wrong about the orbit?
He hates that crap.
"Hey, stinker, what took you so long?"
Dump him in the ocean.
"If that fucking guy thinks he's gonna leave me eating alone with a pile of divorce papers, he's got another thing coming."
"Listen, you dumb dodo."
I guess you're still getting my checks because I haven't heard your dulcet tones screaming your ass off at me.
"Hey, I got some hooch from that Greek chick with the beard."
Gonna shoot sparks out of my head and lightning from my fingertips!
It's a cock-a-mouse.
You think you can order him executed or send him to slavery?
"Brian, you've got no one to blame but yourself. You let the fat man talk you into moving out."
Get off me!
Just don't give her my shit.
No fucking doctors!
What? I should hit you?
"No, but Mexican dick is."
"Richard, I don't want to play this shitty game any more."
I know what bullshit smells like.
You really aren't cool anymore.
You look fucking stiff.
Now I'm here with this nigga.
"Yeah, she's probably on the fucking phone with the cops right now, so we gotta get the fuck out of Dodge and get the fuck out of here before the sun rises."
He fucked up and played ambassador to Mexico.
He looks like his head's going to explode.
Where is that fool?
"Getting ogled by the office pig, I can handle."
"Good, and his mother is the best damn agent"
That two dudes with no pussy are talking about two other dudes' looks and it's weird.
Do you really want to be dead? For sure?
"Come on, spit it out."
Get thefuck back in your vehicle!
"My colleague's dead, and my best friend's a cripple."
You're driving me crazy.
"Sometimes you don't make no fucking sense, Donnie."
"Well, to be honest with you, I thought it was... shit."
That woman is a grocer. She slept with a German.
"Then I grabbed the shovel,hit nigel with it,and started the processall over again."
Some bad shit went down between us.
"I wish this guy would hit me onthe chin so I don't feel nothin' any more."""
"Sammy, it's time for my shot."
"Shoot till I can't, Coach."
"Hey, Sofi, why don't you do me a favor and clean up some of this shit?"
"I married a doctor, worked my ass off to put him through medical school... ...and when he became rich and famous, he traded me in for a younger model."
"Man, that sum'bitch had been in there since breakfast!"
"Don't cry, silly Daddy."
"I'd ask whose she sucked to get on the dais, but she's dating Anthony Jeselnik, so I'll just ask him."
"""She was going to kill me,"" stammered Richard."
You might have risked Klaang's life in a foolish attempt to swing back and rescue the captain.
I'll stick the needles in myself.
"From this he rambled back to his job again, telling her about how one of his co-workers had almost lost his thumb in a small press because his mind was down at the pool-hall while his damn thumb was under the stamp."
Gimme that shit.
"Your brother-in-law's one tough son of a bitch to take them both out, considering he didn't even have his gun."
Pride will kill you.
"Nuke 'em, Rico!"
I look like a nerdy hillbilly.
You were just telling me what a nut-cup this guy is.
Where's my fags?
People must think he's insane.
"Oh, are you cold-hearted, dumpling?"
Just get the hell out of here!
"Yeah. And now thatyou're done mopping the floor, get me a beer, killer."
What the hell they shooting at us for?
"All right, I was guessing, but damn, what are the odds?"
I don't give a damn what Russia says about America or vice versa.
Shut up!
I'm gonna scoop your brains.
"Snarri felt his blood rise at the thought of the Rigante women, and the days ahead of blood and rape and cleansing fire."
"His fat face, which had been flushed with alcohol on the night of the party, is now the yellow-gray of old curtains hanging in dirty windows."
Every day I carry those damn logs without getting paid properly.
"Damn, I think he faints."
"Maybe she has some information-- no, she is a killer, and she belongs in the bronze sector."
What the hell are you doing?!
"""Pathetic."
"Just say Cy Tolliver will buy whatever he's fuckin' selling if he has that little faith in the camp, or rumors of judicial invalidation, or the panic that‘il ensue from that."
so we can find out what the fuck's going on.
"By the time the damn T.S.A. was done with me, I missed my flight."
"You're a very attractive girl, and any rapist would be proud to make you a victim."
"What are you, my pimp?"
We got shit to worry about!
Anyone else kind of hoping she's a midget?
"'So if I can't ride it, then I'll ditch the bloody thing!' Vyotsky answered."
I'll pull your hair!
"Sweet Jesus, he is a vampire."
My mom did not raise a fool.
"I can't believe they were going to pay $50,000 a day for that wannabe Peach Pit of a shithole."
"She's a gold-digging wench trying to hook her little claws into a resident surgeon... before he makes the big bucks that she can later get her hands on... in an ugly, ugly, ugly divorce settlement... that her lawyer, who she's probably schtupping on the side, will handle."
You tell your eminent friends to shut their mouths.
"""Har har - too shit for X Factor."""
Maybe your golden boy's retarded.
I'd kill to be in your shoes.
"And I fucking did it. I went to the beach, I thought about our marriage."
"Are you, like, actually turning me down for sex?"
Vern was caught stealing everyone's 414 undies. Rambo was crazy.
Those are traitors from the ranks of our guards.
"Yeah. Again, I really am, but You're recently gay."
"I've had sex with a thousand women, but the truth is I haven't... been intimate with a single one."
'You are a sorcerer!' I whispered.
I'll teach you to make a fool out of me.
These goddamn things are cutting into my wrists.
Miserable Romans. No sense of humor.
I don't want a blow job.
He must be miserable.
"I wanna know, if you'd get down between her legs, spread them..."
"The way I see it, I'm a fucking miracle worker, because I am going to make it rain!"
Let's cut him loose.
"All of us—French Musketeers, English bastards and gigolos, and Vagabond-messengers—got there at the same instant."
I just don't like Jews that much.
"They want to ball against us, dog."
"She's got an angry, red vagina and she's been drinking rum punch since 10:00 a.m."
"Schopenhauer's got nothing to do with this shit, Don."
"If you approach it like it is, you'll end up with some extremely unhappy women... with displeasing, wandering or... walleyed breasts."
"Damn it, I lost the bed!"
Mostly because Jules would kill me.
The way I see it... you and me clear some of this scum up on the island.
Because I want you to have a heart attack and die so we never have to do this again.
What was that rubbish you were doing?
Mo_ve to Trash
What if she is pregnant and she tells me before I get a chance to get off my ass and propose?
Finish now or watch the others die.
"We'll call the marines, get a service record, reach out to some people in his unit, find out what the fuck happened that day outside of--"
"I believe that mainstreaming is an abomination, and I believe that Lilith will rise from the Blood and rip your blasphemous fucking heads off and dance in your muck!"
"He died to save you, idiot boy—and Josua."
Shut Up!
"""Fuck."
"It's so simple, it's stupid."
"Uh, the last time I had sex with you."
Looking forward to it. Freak.
"You couldn't give me a child, so kill me!"
Remembering Tommy owns a dry fruit business and Night Bitch teaches ballet.
They say what they wanted with you other than to kill Gabe?
But from now on... know this: you are not leaving me here alone to take the fall for this shit.
You have given him a stick to beat you with.
The world is gonna wipe its dirty hands all over you.
"I'll book you for false arrest and wrongful imprisonment and obstructing an officer in the course of his duty, and murder!"
Or I was fucked up or experimenting.
Holy crap!
I thought they were looking for Kick-Ass.
So you admit that this is all bullshit.
What the hell was that?
"Well, that's my goal, but I have no fucking idea what your goal is."
"No, no, no, this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of electricity I need."
And I wouldn't kiss you if I had brain cancer and your lips were the cure!
Oh! Damn... My back.
Paxton.... ....why don't you join your asshole buddy ?
That shit might be cool where you from.
"The Pervert of the group, after that first long strange stare at me, paid no heed to anyone but the one next to him, the kemmerer, whose increasingly active sexuality would be further roused and finally stimulated into full, female sexual capacity by the insistent, exaggerated male-ness of the Pervert."
Bury this man's body with the others.
It's better to use a nasty girl.
Sane and insane could easily switch places... if the insane were to become the majority.
"God, all that Hollywood talk bores me silly."
Get the fuck outta here.
By the ignorance or selfishness... of individuals infected with syphilis. You had to learn the hard way... that you can't tell by the looks of a woman whether she has syphilis or not.
You borrow money from a thousand jerks... and pay everyone back but me?
"You got doo-doo in your eyes... or caca on the brain, Dr. Shithead Capa."
Can you fucking believe it?
Stick them up your ass.
"If she wants to be bitchy and snappy and angry, fine."
You think a young lady like that doesn't like hearing how goddamn gorgeous she is?
You liar.
"Once he had stripped her naked, he braced her in a sitting position with her thighs spread wide and knees drawn up."
"Why, so he can be miserable, too?"
No dumber than golf!
Not one there's fucking gun in it
Men who would slit you open from navel... To throat... If they knew what you'd done.
"Amalia, I'll never hit a woman."
"If I was lying, it would turn black."
"""It seems to me that the only thing we can do is shoot on sight."""
I'm not fucking going downstairs on me own.
Would you really put a bullet in me?
Give the cripple his medication!
"Damn it all, I want to sit down."
Shut up! I got it!
"It's my wife shooting a ""V"" for victory with her legs."
"""Take them off and I'll wash you."""
"Are you actually giving me shit when none of you can tell me where my sister is, huh?"
That last fault might get him killed someday.
"Even free of bondage, I am no spirit able to pass through fucking gate."
Let's see if you want to come back and break my pots all to shit after I put some rock salt in your asses!
"I can't see you, Martian, but perhaps I'll hear you scream."
Maybe he's gotta grow up sometime and get the hell off Fantasy Island.
I'm gonna bind him.
"Getthe fuck out of the car, now!"
He needs a transplant.
Let's vote this shit.
Shit. - Sam!
"We sent Colonel Childers in there, and the mission went to shit."
"I know, it's none of my business, but I felt bad for the schmuck... ...hanging around the hospital hoping to see you."
Oh my God! - Damn!
You still say he tried to kill you.
Don't ever fucking lie to me again.
"No need, they'll die at first light."
Are these losers bothering you?
"Maybe somebody marched Donny at gunpoint Down to the river, killed him there."
"He's about to shoot me when the lieutenant tells him,"
Death is the end.
"And throw him to the floor, sir?"
"Oh, crap."
Let It Bleed
Ticãlo and I killed him in his church.
(Sully) Does she still think you're a fucking architect?
Ust blew her brains out all over the bathtub.
wwe bb8 big brother kama sutra nude pamela anderson sex video enrique iglesias orgasm linkin park hanah montana akon 2girls1cup hentai jonas brothers amnesia ibiza power rangers mistic forse basshunter xxx sexy girls sex scenes
"Her sense of humor, creeping slowly out from hiding, had even survived his dropping them into that idiot pond."
"Thomas, cut the crap."
Tweedledee and tweedledum ass Have been away on maternity leave.
"Last time, you fucked up."
"When the Southern gentleman feels it has been type told perfection, they will have their next clue. I give a damn."
What the shit?
"You made your mother sicker, ok, But what are you gonna do now?"
I'll kicky.ou out if there's a cat here!.
Tell your little freeloader friends to slow the fuck down then dude.
"Damn it, the keys to the store are on it, the register, all of it."
"""I'll let you burn her personally."""
"Come on, it's a great fucking film."
It's her head that burns?
"I felt ashamed, like I was a freak."
"And... they are these evil, evil creatures that everybody is afraid of."
And the rest of the blue man group Just kill each other
You're killing us to save yourselves.
"Look at them, they're dressed to kill."
"""Your friends are pathetic."
"Play in a fuckin' dentist's game, okay ?"
Shoot you? My most trusted colleague?
"No, the worry would be kidnapping, torture, then execution."
Shut up.
"Okay, we're gonna find that shipwreck And get you your backside back."
"Bin it, eat it, use it, set fire to it."
"Marta's fine as fuck, bro."
Twenty foot acid zits with the pus and... giant whiteheads.
"Maybe I will do that. After I go and eat this waves, and make them in my shit."
"Now, you know motherfucking well you ain't gotta give her money."
"I'd take greta garbo for a milkshake, Mae West to the drive-in, and I'd kill Judy Garland."
That must've been some fucking fight.
"No, I ain't call you a chicken fucker, but boy over there looks sexually frustrated and I don't approve of chicken fucking."
Death by a thousand cuts.
"No, you need to get your ass back in that bed."
"You feel stupid, but you really shouldn't, because proving an Al is exactly as problematic as you said it would be."
We like to have sex with other couples.
"Sometimes they're humans, sometimes they're aliens, and sometimes they're tin dogs."
You put on his fucking seat belt?
Pathetic is kidnapping a 12-year-old girl to make up for the recruits you no longer have to order around.
"""What's an honest sailor doing in this whorehouse, Chien-lu?"""
How the hell you gonna write a book about something you know nothing about?
Classic hero worship shit.
Your dad's gonna smoke a dead guy's pipe.
"Boss, doctors are useless."
"Hey, TJ. You're a gym rat too."
Why the fuck would I then cheat you out your money?
Have you hag enough?
Smokes them from their holes.
"Rescued a family of 3 including their baby, a goddamn dog."
"Little jobs. Because, well, Finn, let's face it, you're kind of a screw up."
"For 500 years, the Quaqua have protected this land, even after the white man stole it from us, raped and pillaged its natural resources, systematically destroyed it."
Me too. Sorry that guy on the subway licked your neck.
"Well, you look like shit. But you sound surprisingly chirpy."
Silly bastardleft me a present last night.
"I know, and he's a dirtbag, and I didn't make that up."
"Those bitches bark a lot, but they don't bite."
"Don't worry, I won't let her know you're a ho-bag."
Why didn't you fucking tell me?
And remember... ...Bud White will fuck you for this if it takes the rest of his life.
At a shitty garden party.
"I don't mean to break up the good time here, but I just saw two boys raping a sixth grader."
"She puke, puke, puke."
"""I may have to hurt you a bit."
"Fuck him, I told you."
'Cause he's the son I never wanted to fuckin' have!
This is the best damn food I have ever tasted.
Is that why you're up on those goddamn cans? ARCHER:
She's a hungry old woman.
"Waste of bullets for you, trickster."
"Damn it, you know, why didn't I just listen to the prerecorded voice of former Mayor Ed Koch reminding me to take my belongings?"
"Now, give me the bolt, or say goodbye to your mother!"
None of your fuckin' business.
"That's stupid, Jackie! ...trying to deal with him right now."
Sorry. I'll move you to the shitty corner in a second.
No brakes! - Shit!
You dumped my ass in high school.
"If she would die, A huge part of me would die with her."
"What the fuck, man! She didn't say anything about a boyfriend."
You get tara to dump me?
This is the worst damn day of my life.
The young ones have all gone mad
When are you coming back? ...aced those guysthat tried to kill us!
Use robot punch!
Are you crazy?
That should damn well never have happened.
Fucking war!
He's frightened white !
"Big bully, what are you doing?"
"""I know what you're doing to me, dammit!"
Go fucking read at night together.
You're fuckin' outta here!
Like a killer whale going nuts on his trainer at SeaWorld.
I hate slackers!
"And before you do, blow me."
"Oh, I don't xne~ they're evil, or anything foolish like that."
Stop being so crazy.
"You geton that plane, you will never, never, eversee me again."
"You’ve got to just fuckin’ come out of a book, you know, surprise your neighbours!"
Two couples who raped their own children.
"So I flew straight through her bedroom window, popped a box of chocs on the dressing table, machine-gunned my telephone number into the wall, and then shot off and shagged her sister."
"I tell you I love you, I tell you you're beautiful... ...I tell you that your ass looks great when you're 80."
Throw the dead on the pyre.
"We talked_.and talked and talked, and I gave him a hundred excuses, but hell, the man's a psych."
"You're incapable... ...of strangling someone for 10 minutes,eye to eye."
"“I know,” Mitch said, and he looked completely miserable, almost broken."
Trash will always be trash.
And then he said that... ...he wouldn't be a paid pimp to his sister's whore.
"And Daddy said... ...""You don't think I'm going to let you publish this kind of crap?"""
She might faint again . . . or vomit.
"Go on. Put the dog outside, man! Let that dog shit."
Go! - Gun it!
I'll bet he's got these problems licked.
Sherlock began urinating on them just for the sheer hell of it.
"Don't talk to me, criminal!"
"If we played here and you had your paddle, I'm 100% sure you would have kicked my ass."
Where the hell are you going?
I'd hate to think you're this good... at something that's only a fucking hobby.
Do I want to talk about a mistake I made with sex to a hooker?
"Oh, fucking hell. ..if you ever want to walk again."
"Eddie, what did that bastard do to you?"
You're fucking in America.
"I mean, you're really, really screwed up."
"Yeah, Ryan loves nailing blonds."
"That was stupid, no one ever looked less in need of rescuing than Rionda Hewson did at that moment, but the words still haunted Bobby."
"Her son-of-a-bitch husband shows up, brings her that Christmas present, and told her that this was not what he signed up for, and walked out on her!"
"That's right, Private Pyle don't make any fucking effort to get up to the top!"
"Well, Mr. Sinclair, you've probably gotno fucking idea what I'm talking about."
I don't give a damn What you think. - Hold on.
Those dumbasses.
All you need to do is prick your finger.
This is a classic brain-rape.
"No, but to kill her in one swift move like that, perp had to be taller and heavier than the victim."
"""Gods rot,"" she muttered, grabbed Tully by the arm and pulled him on."
"Schmidt, this party... is the worst."
"I don't think I ever told you this, but when we were 10 years old and playing A-Team in the backyard, and my sister Meredith had to Judge which one of us would be better at being Mr. T, and who would say ""I pity the fool""."
Shit! Don't they know this is a hospital?
"""You don't need to say a lot of nonsense."
Bitch started it.
'They will all die.
"Well, it backs the horseshit Doyle Bennett was slinging this morning."
I don't know what the fuck's going on. - I gotta go!
What I finally am is having a little good luck... and you're giving me shit about it!
Shut...
"When you take all that away, any man will kill."
Black Iguana
"Shit! (in Chinese) So sweet, your smile is so sweet Like a flower blossoming ln the warm spring breeze Where was it Where was it that I had seen you before?"
He made a hissing sound between his teeth and sliced a finger across his throat.
I'm gonna hang a right here on elm.
Why are you going to Shanghai? Silly rabbit
"""Yeah, you take im, John, 'til dis foolishment done - bien!"
Yeah. Did you hear the news about me being a big slut got out?
Of course. I suppose it would be foolish to offer you--
I covered your ass last week.
"Don't play dumb with me, Angie,"
Gaby... you just made fools out of a U.S. government agency.
Constitutional extremist just randomly fucking with us?
"Her vagina so moist, it was like a... ...gently bubbling brook on a beautiful spring day."
I'll go this time. Fuck with him.
Get off me!
You're the only one who can ID the source... ...which is why I assume you're whacked out in this caddy shack shit hole.
"I don't care what kind of sex you have or with whom, but if you're so appalled by your own feelings that you deny their existence, they'll run your tight little ass for the rest of your oppressed middlebrow life."
"And when I finally die, I plan on staying dead."
And as corrupt as the laugh of a boerenpummel!
And you can all suck it because I am gonna play professional lacrosse.
"No, he's killed before... and he'il kill more if it'il keep him from being arrested."
So you killed her.
Get the hell out of my house!
"Bad luck, chummy."
I can stop you from ever needing to kill someone.
Leave me the fuck alone!
"So... after some serious thought, Daddy strolled over to the liquor cabinet, poured himself some egg nog, drew the curtains and then, yeah, he told me I could get my ears pierced... if I sucked his dick."
"You've got to shoot this one for me, Annie. You're the best."
I especially appreciated it when you told that old schmuck--
"An ugly brute, covered with scales the color of dried blood."
A suicide might be in progress!
He said there's no smoke without fire. Bullshit.
"Jesus Christ, can you believe that asshole?!"
Shit. I haven't put dinner on.
Call a fucking doctor.
I introducing the monkey with the most... the pimp chimp who's no wimp!
"Well, Detective, we've got some time to kill."
They overload these donkeys and cause accidents.
We'd be fools to miss it.
You got a 187 (homicide) on a police officer and you're fucking lettin' the suspects walk?
I don't believe this shit!
"Yeah, which sucks."
He leaves his crap everywhere.
"Take that to the west bank, sucka!"
I get a week off a year to go to City of the Guardian and spend gold on whores and getting drunk.
"Then take his damn blood, and maybe he'll let me have a look at him."
"The woman's mind is a mystery, especially in such sickness."
"""Didn't I tell you not to bring me some fat old pederast!"" shouted the voice in his head."
Even as your poisoned wine robs him of fucking life!
"""It's a double helping of hell with extra devils."
"Like I said before, bullshit ghost story."
What the hell are you?
This place is covered in our prints. Fibers and all that shit-- you know that too?
He wasn't stupid.
I was a loser until you walked into my life.
"And I know, because these teachers, you know, hear it... these fucking dykes, lesbians, these feminists at the school system... with their fucking rectal-ranger buddies, you know:"
See if the imbecile is ready.
And who better than his girlfriend's loser ex-boyfriend... known criminal and who's been seen hassling him in public?
Say... would you like to screw in the bathroom?
"Showing your tits for money, what's that called, librarian?"
"If you hurt him, or any of these guys... What happened to Moose is gonna happen to you. All of you !"
"We got a rat in here, bro."
Fuckin' mad on money and having a good time.
Not Motherfucker. Motherfuckah.
"His over-trained imagination served up an extremely ugly image: the cop digging a hole in the desert, while in the shade of his cruiser lay the body of a man who had once won the National Book Award and fucked America’s most famous actress."
"After which, he figured he might have to run out and do another little burglary, provided this asshole detective here in the rumpled suit and the razor cuts all over his face let him go."
You still want your shit back... ...I'll call you when I get to L.A.
Catching thieves is all about using your brain... not how fast you run.
"Oh, yeah, yeah. And shoots fire from his hands."
"Okay, well, it-- what happened is, my wife's new leg is making her feel sexy. And we haven't had sex in a long time."
"But I assure you.. If u hesitate, I will not hesitate to bring you down."
"You can't fool a woman like her, he thought."
And if self-preservation is an instinct you possess... you better fucking do it and do it quick.
You called to give me shit?
They go wherever he waves that crazy stick.
Journalists seem especially ignorant.
I'd have to see you naked.
"That girl that you see right there, we're gonna fuckin' talk to her tonight, we're fuckin' doin' this shit."
So if this shit jumps off they gonna turn into one big-ass police force that's gonna be in here kicking down our doors!
That's why I'm so damn skinny.
You don't want to waste your life as the wife of some bureaucrat.
"It's a fucking bat, and I think it touched my hair!"
"But the blacks in America have really their own language, they themselves don't understand it."
"If you can get me the lowdown on all those satanic markings... Better, if you can help me wipe that self-righteous little creep off the face of the universe... I'll give you Valentina back."
Stay the hell away from us.
"Then, in Mycogen, you broke into the Elders' aerie, a much more dangerous task, for a much more foolish purpose."
How do we end up with these jerks?
"Why you always bustin' my ass, Rafe? Which way you goin'?"
Otherwise I never would have let him punch those ugly holes in my ears.
"If he had gotten shitfaced at the lanes before and then driven home that way, he probably would have done it again last night . . . but hadn't."
"This time the driver, not an idiot, takes the money."
"Like... ..."" Hey, man, how's the grounddown there?"" and shit."
But lately you've been such a hothead.
I be seeing shit I ain't got no right to be seeing.
What happened is you let a freaking wild animal into our apartment.
"That's how I do business, and that's how I get shit done."
when you did have sex. I...
I need my fucking money!
"Why, Mrs. Van Hosmere is glamorous and gay."
"Not so sure of yourself now, are you, dickhead?"
Where's your brain bucket?
"And yet after he left, Carlotta... He was repulsive."
You're boys still. And come the winter you will die...
"Basically, it's a fleet of shit boxes."
"""You'll do what I tell you, you little bastard.”"
"You take care I don't hit you in the nose, Sir!"
The shootings that I the vi.th.. they were not American being irresolute... but Iraqis shooting Iraqis.
"""As for my being in love with that slut"""
"Fuck, I'm gonna go look for her."
"That fuck owns half of Manhattan, Billy."
You're no crazier than anybody else.
Just give me one more shot at him.
Find my damn Volvo!
"I'm a vain, preening ass... ...without a single redeeming feature."
Poison. Push him off a cliff.
"Everything that doesn't fit into their way of life is stupid... unnecessary. Stuck-up, they think..."
What the fuck you talking about?
I was just so fucking pissed.
"Well, come on! We can think of something better than stupid pirate ghosts!"
"Long Beach Mike is not your fuckin' amigo, man."
"Ten minutes later they wheeled everyone in, he was there with a big fucking hole in his head."
"With that, I hit him!"
"In India, all of the whores have six arms."
Now... Shoot me up with everything you got.
of Falwwell having fellatio wwith a sheep.
How long have they been holding this close to their breasts?
"Oh, not much, just some nonsense."
"But to be effective in the cause of heroism, the hero must die promptly."
"I don't want to see you until you get your shit together, you hear me?"
"I feel like such a tramp, taking jewellery from a man under false pretences."
"Shit. I don't know what I did up there, Syd, but I got to try."
"Damn, the sun feels good."
You think my fiancé is a bum?
Who gives a shit about Fairchild?
Like hell! Will you let go of your useless emotional bias and look at this logically?
You can only stay here iftherewas none ofyour nonsense.
"So now they'll be dead like Abu-Gond, or mindless like Vana."
"If you're going to put my neck in the noose, look me in the eye while you do it."
Piss face!
"If they're in the church basement, they we can kill 'em."
"The storm out there had become a universal thing for her -- all the animals hiding from it... nothing left of the desert but its own private sounds: blown sand scraping along rock, a wind-surge whistling, the gallop of a boulder tumbled suddenly from its hill -- then! somewhere out of sight, a capsized worm thumping its idiot way aright and slithering off to its dry depths."
You'il be my slave.
Fuck. - I wanted you to hear it from me.
"Roast 'em alive, or stew them in a pot; fry them, boil them and eat them hot?_ Then they stopped and shouted out:"
I don't need to be hit over the head with a shillelagh to see what's going on here.
Any woman that does this is catering to misogynistic Neanderthal mentality.
I'm gonna die like Flaubert in a garret.
"You know, a fucking, coughing Kike, right?"
But he's terrible at sex.
"I'm going to hypnotize you, if y ou want."
"What, are you stupid, dallas?"
Take your fucking hands off me.
I forbid you to fight because I'm afraid you'll kill someone
I'm not a damned cripple.
I won't have anythingto do with murdering a little boy.
"Oh, my fucking God!"
"We got one sleeping bag, so I think we're pretty much fucked."
"Shit, Xaveco."
He would have me dead.
We are merely cockroaches with good tailors.
What the hell is the matter with you?
"You didn't learn a goddamn thing, did you?"
You can't pull this shit in here.
"But, like, shit, this is the middle of nowhere."
‘You mean murder them?’
"Look, kid, I didn't fire you for having a small nose."
I know you hate me. But this isn't me being some overbearing bitch.
"Anything on your mind, Dick?"
Sickest shit you'll ever see.
"Fuck off, Sigi!"
Speaking of dirty... Sniff. Sniff.
"Fuckin' taste, man."
That shit won't happen again.
I'm fucking sick of being patronised by you.
"I know it's probably wrong to fantasize about giving a nun a karate chop in the neck, but I couldn't help it."
Another few years of living off fags and chips and rejection letters?
"Francois, shit, you frightened them."
How the hell can they just disappear?
Dirty art films.
"Shania, get your arse over here."
"Thank you, Trench, for your worthless promises and the blood on my hands."
Because he does not stand the fool.
What was that shit he said about conflict?
Shut up. Look how close we'd be to the beach.
Get that gun out of my face!
I don't know shit. Neither do you.
Hold a frickin' basket!
You did this to protect your ass because you faked my pictures?
"You want to punch me, huh?"
How dare you bring this cheap piece of shit?
I'll eat you!
"Somebody killed him, Mother."
I never... I never sought that rubbish.
How big are these rats?
Are you just gonna run the psychopathic checklist here?
"Suck it, coppers!"
No! You do not ever fuckin' touch me again.
"Look, Mr. Navarro's kicking my butt-- trying to get the show back up here."
She bought a pair of binoculars for me and eight balls of blow for herself.
Don't fuckin' lie to me!
"'Don't play the fool, Ivan Savelyevich, just listen."
"For fuck's sakes, if people want to linger in a bath, stay at home."
and the next time some asshole tries to relieve the mine of it's diamonds shady bunch don't bother calling the police.
"Probably won't shit for a week, Fred."
I couldn't even rent a tape without six fuckin' interruptions.
"Someone thinks they can take a shot at our kin, pretty soon someone else thinks they can lay an ambush and shoot at one of us."
"Hey, not for nothing, dude, but this kid really hates his mother."
"Randall... thinks he's the reincarnation of some ancient, murdering goat spirit."
"You know, my original idea for the Human Centipede films was sewing a child molester's mouth to the anus of a fat truck driver, as a punishment, so I love this."
Does being widowed make me a lousy goddamn driver?
Can you fucking believe that?
I shit you not.
"Ah, yes, played dumb and persuaded his captors to throw him out in the mud."
"They're turning into bloody Russians in there, by the way."
"They shall decide to hang thee from a tree, and all thy witchcraft within."
Perhaps murder a brother.
You need to keep talking shit to him.
If I gave him a lamb he'd marry me to the midget!
"""Tell him that we have fucking reprogrammed reality."
"Amo, amas, amatis, amant!” and they go, “Fuck!"
"Uhura, turn off those damn channels!"
I don't even know what this shithole's called.
"D’Agosta’s girl, my ass."
But all she cares about talking about is her new goddamn business partner and her unborn multicultural baby.
The fat we've scraped off those bloody bones.
"If he dies, he can't kill us!"
Irish was the onewho sold Capri's grandson that shit.
Open your arse cheeks.
He looked awful mad.
Shoot in the workers' houses!
"You're supposed to be in Switzerland, you little son of a bitch!"
"Riot in the yard, tight-ass warden."
God. It sucks that I can't see you right now.
I'd boremyself to death if I wasn't already dead.
"And by Christ, son, you're the dead spit of your old man."
"No, no! You killed him for the money."
It's a fucking myth like Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster.
I was useless.
"Successful experience notwithstanding, most people interpret “incentives” as painful kicks in the butt, and they want none of it."
I'm the fucking law!
"Everything may be lost to you forever, unless you stand up to that damned thing."
How can you be so fucking beautiful and so fucking wrong?
I'll go after the psychotic doppelganger.
"Shit, I'd never forgive something like that."
How many shootings we catch this Mardi Gras? - How fuckin' many?
Did you motherfuckers see that?
"Forget about it, egghead."
What the fuck did you just say?
It's your own goddamn fault! Who asked you to follow me?
This thief was an artist of theft.
Why do you think I need a kill so badly?
"Okay, Lizzie Borden's compact makes you kill the one you love, like she killed her dad."
You can't be fucking serious.
It's a disgusting place.
It's just my character that's not brain-dead.
"Of course, it's wrong to kill an abortion doctor."
"God damn, if this isn't the only onewith a battery that still works."
He's a drunk who pisses his money away.
"Useless, but fascinating, celebrity facts."
"You may be dead soon, or worse, if I stay."
"Actually, no she pissed in my mouth."
He would be in a world of complete blackness.
And all because Of the freak that he made you.
And don't figure me for one of your little sissy boys that's gonna put out for you whenever you ask.
It's a bunch of fake people lying about how successful they are while stealing each other's cocaine.
The ball is that fucking big.
What a slob.
"JARVIS, put all this junk someplace, will you?"
Did you forget that someone was in there... with a goddamn hand cannon?
"So unfortunate, of course but so... ugly..."
They maul our women.
'What the hell is he wasting time with that for?'
What the hell are you doing with a bunch of rabid weasels?
Kill the nice kitty?
"I mean... we have sex one day, and then--"
All the more reason to stop being so useless and help you to find her killer.
But I am starting to think there is some serious planetary crap going on here tonight.
Mad women and Englishmen: why they would want to walk here in the sun is beyond me.
Stop bullshitting.
"Burn it! Now! Cop shot me, I didn't know what it was!"
"Criminal Minds Season04 Episode11 Normal ""every normal man must be tempted at times ""to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, ""and begin to slit throats."""
I don't fuck\xA1ng care anymore.
"I'm just, apparently, the world's biggest jackass, okay?"
"Not now, when I am married to the owner...of a worthless death-trap!"
"Hey, you're not giving me shit, you understand?"
It's bad enough we scared the shit out of them with the gun bluff.
How dirty do you think my junk is?
And stay the hell away from me.
They didn't want us using Younger as an excuse to bomb the crap out of them.
She acts all fucking superior 'cause she went to college.
"You see, slaughtering all those men of yours has... Well, it's left a nasty cramp in my leg... ...so kneeling will be hard for me."
I wish to God I knew where your damn head was these days.
Did you even fucking ask him why?
It's gonna fucking get us too.
Some girls insist they're fat and end up crazy.
"I tell you I tried to burn her."""
"""You'd better shut up,"" said Riggs, darkly."
"Granny distrusted them, considering them to smack of wizardry; for two pins, it always seemed to her, the wretched thing would suck your mind out like a whelk from a shell."
"A girl like you, for the rest of your life you wanna cry in your noodle soup?"
You screwed up.
"The stupid thing is, I travel for a living."
Clearly beyond the comprehension of a feeble female.
The place where you make your bloody monsters?'
"Look, man, people are always trying... ...to fuck up other people's lives by telling lies about them."
"Is ""I told you so"" inappropriate? - Shut it."
"I mean, these guys are like viruses."
"Why don't you quit wasting my fucking time and tell me, who's ""we""?"
"You little prick, you're gonna talk to me the way you do?"
"My father's sprawled out on the floor like fucking Screamin' Jay Hawkins,"
So it makes more goddamn sense to nickname you Kevin and call you goddamn Kevin.
No wonder she's screwing a dead guy.
You walk like a adultecent.
"Since you are obviously up to no good, I shall defeat you and take that nifty sword as my spoils."
"Shut up, George."
"He would turn away in his climax, for the slave's sperm must not defile the master's woman."
"You don't know a fucking thing! - Hey, can you get angry?"
"Well, you just had a brain cyst on a bun, chuck."
It's the best ass in Baghdad.
"Your imaginary friend fucked an imaginary older woman in Swanage, so you decided to do geography A level."
Go to hell!
You guys will eventually just go back... ...to being the shittiest Mexican baseball team in Mexico.
Get off me!
"Day before yesterday, I had to eat a fucking rat raw... and some berries that tasted... tasted like they'd been thrown up once already."
Get out of the fucking way.
Say thief.
"I have other copies and other pictures and if something happens to me... how he/she found me Sr. Smith you are the man of the anus, sr."
"Me, personally, I, it, if I were held accountable for some of the stupid decisions I made when I was 19..."
This thing's drier than a nun in West Texas.
I-I got your brother on my ass about taking the sergeant's test.
Was it 'cause you thought it sounded tough and you were tired of having a sissy name?
"With no warning, as tears stream out his eyes, PLOP goes the harp into the, aagghh, the loathsome toilet!"
"Well, let us not dwell on the secret homosexual life between me and... Sweet louie."
"If you say it's because we're friends, I swear, I will vomit into your ridiculously small purse."
Jerry's stopping by tonight to check over the plans... ...so make some hors d'oeuvres and crap.
"When he learned of a Prophecy... ...that said he would sire another son, ...one who would kill his black-hearted older brother,"
"You want some more cock?"""
"I mean, you know,I'd like her to be into culture and shit, too."
"What am I, Clinch Leatherwood here? I'll get killed!"
"I may be bald, but I'm not chicken-shit."
"If you were a Jew, you'd look like this."
Why don't you just replace my shoes with bags and turn me into a lunatic?
How the fuck can they lose it?
I'm sick and disgusting.
Crazy? I'm a fuckin' mad dog.
You think some shit like that goes down without my okay?
How's your sex life?
"""I was half-afraid that he was my father's bastard."
To watch a video that proves absolutely nothing except that we at Jupiter throw a damn good party?
Damn her.
"The more Halyard thought about Lynn's fat pay check, the madder he got, because all the gorgeous dummy had to do was read whatever was handed to him on state occasions: to be suitably awed and reverent, as he said, for all the ordinary, stupid people who'd elected him to office, to run wisdom from somewhere else through that resonant voicebox and between those even, pearly choppers."
You've fucked up our lives enough already.
We got you dead to rights on murder and armed robbery... ...and you're there cracking jokes.
How do I know if I tell you what you need to know... that you're gonna do what the fuck I need to get done.
"Like I smell like a black - Hey, watch it."
"Christ, don't you fuckin' guys ever sleep?"
I also knew that I was the worst bum in the world.
Because anybody who thinks they are actually a vampire is freaking retarded.
"I make twice as much as you do, so don't start that shit with me."
Don't fuck around.
Nah. Poor fuckers are professional victims.
"Knock on the front door, go through the goddamn window..."
"Now, don't run, because he'll only chase you down and kill you."
Who wouldn't wanna be with a cheater with anger issues?
I have a tendon from my ass in my knee and I don't want to test it.
The Fool ducked as part of the lock whirred over his head and smashed into the opposite wall.
"I ""vant"" to suck your blood. I wasn't sure how to make up for all the teasin'I had done... so I asked the one person I know who also talks funny."
"Do it again. You sing like crap, so explain the music career."
Those who survived were executed.
"Come on, the only way these kids are gonna get out of their gang is to get killed."
"He didn't care a row of pins if I was thirsty because Jake was dead and he tried to put it on me, son of a bitch tried to put the blame on me- ""But none of that actually happened,"" King says, watching Marlowe waddle back toward the kitchen, where he will check his dish again before taking one of his increasingly long naps."
I begin to question fucking plan.
Fuck it. What are the procedures now?
"You screwed up your kid, and that's something you'll have to live with for the rest of your life."
We even went to Mickey D's for him because he was so motherfucking helpful.
"I realize I'm not going to talk you out of this, but I'll be damned if you're going in there alone."
"So they're gonna kill Hurley to try to send a message to the cartel unless, of course, I can make a bargain with them, which is why I need that bag of drugs."
You got any you want to fucking share?
And that makes killing him okay?
"Ma Zhanlin, cut the crap!"
"Buddy, she's a cow."
"I tell you, it was exactly as if the damned thing knew it had been called."
"The cook and housemaid simultaneously ejaculated ""Lor!"""
"Sir, this place is dead."
I'm a dumb-dumb.
"“Idiot game,” Harry said."
He was a liar. He stole billions of dollars from his clients.
Bring me back some damn freezer paper and another pack of cigarettes.
"Krupa, that is crap-a."
"We put a gun to Steven's head and say, ""Linda's playing with Aerosmith,"""
I think the grays showed up the way they did because they just can't fucking believe it.
"I saw these bastards in Easy Rider, but I didn't believe they were real."
I'm sorry about that bullshit.
When we catch the Tooth Fairy... that print plus his teeth will burn him.
That's a white man with white problems.
This satanic group Kiss has stolen their souls.
"I musthave loved you for years, only... ...I was such a fool,I didn't know it."
"Out of here, buffoon."
"And if it's not enough, I'll break your arms. And your legs."
What if I'm mad to think anyone can love a horrible little snob who can't mind her own business?
"Hey, where did all our shit go?"
"Ah, damn, wait. No, don't bend him."
"Hit him, Xena!"
Shut him up.
"Shut your cakehole! Tell me, von Darling, what finally won you over, eh?"
I'll leave you locked in a trunk.
Get in the fucking car!
Pig iron
"'Damn!"""
"Damn, Becka, be nice for once."
And the cops aren't going to fucking care if we rip off some fucking wiseguys.
Fool?
Black Tigers... ...take out their warp engines.
Why waste your spirit on such rubbish?
Parsnip wiped away the dust and blood from the wizard's face and brought him out of his stupor.
"Ooh, you're so creepy."
You savage beast. How dare you.
I know I screwed up some things in the past but this is idiot-proof.
"All right, give me three grams of madman."
"She said, ""You have come back from hell."""
So shut up.
"If you want to sit in this room and put a gun in your mouth and get all dramatic, go ahead."
Hope to hell you're right.
You can say it-- that you hate my guts.
"We're jumping in the first line we see, and we're getting on a freaking ride!"
Fucking me and fucking Bud aren't the same thing.
"You must know by now that you are what the darkness, what the abyss fears, but killing you would make you a god to those who believe in the forces of union and creation."
"And if we die tomorrow, then so be it."
We'll hit the club like he's Carlos the Jackal.
"Like, fuck it."
"Junior, you ever smoke any shit?"
I did my shit.
It's a damn shame where we've ended up.
Cut me...
"What the hell, where did he get the money from?"
Believe that shit.
It's not my fault my heart had a goddamn other plan.
No ! Throw him with the Locksley lot.
"Hmm. I wake up every morning, and I don't know a damn thing."
When we get back to Sedonia they gonna torture you.
You're a hoax. You call up with some fake-o story about how you and your girlfriend... are taking drugs and she's O.D.'d... and your parents are in Acapulco.
"But first, folks in this city need to know... ...no one makes a chump out of Terrell Singletery."
I was always on that damn phone.
"Marcus Zerbib, his driver and his goon."
But I swear to God... ...it sure seemed likethey went right off the damn cliffs.
He was used to hearing cock-and-bull stories but this parrot-and-bastard one didn't even get off the slippery starting-blocks of meretriciousness.
You're out of your mind.
Whatever the horrible thing was that twisted you up inside and made you into the freak that you are!
"Well, you know, a dick's a dick."
Where's my goddamn checkbook?
"In the end, I had to put his fuckin' head in a vise."
"I'm having sex, I'm working."
"Open it, for fuck's sake!"
"Because if he didn't, we'd fucking know about it."
Why is every fucking thing the real world except teaching?
I got stuck with his chubby drunk friend.
We sit back and let dumb-dumb here do the stealing.
"Poor old man, he's got nothing else but his wacky delusions."
I don't fuck my old friends over.
"Fuck, yeah."
"'My brother's neither deaf nor daft, nor even dumb."
There's enough evidence there to hang any man.
Dr. bertleman: Then I'll put you on suicide precaution.
"I sucks your . Toki, pulls yourself together!"
"He's trying to get a good nighs sleep, and I'm gonna go wake his ass up."
They threw all my shoes and suits in the tub... and spray painted my damn dog.
Get this shit out of the way!
Fuck knows where we'd be.
It wasn't a good day for you to die.
You are in violation ofOrdinance 29-02: the ramming of a horny head into a police-issued vehicle!
The hell it is!
"The thought of you doing some sort of a scum-job on my hotel and passing it off as a great piece of American writing, that makes me sick."""
"I'm sick of this shit, you know that?"
He took a cop hostage just to get the fuck outta there.
They took his fucking head.
"Max, if I were you... ...I'd get the fuck out of here right now."
Pisses me off.
I'm not fucking around.
"A big goddamn storm, purple-black, swelling like a tumor."
I realized how neglected she felt... the night she shit in my shoes.
"Frankly, Ferrando doesn't give a fuck what they call it."
To me it felt like a grim sort of statutory rape and produced psychic impotence.
"""Your father worked for this monster?"" the Colonel said."
Where did Angela get such filthy habits?
"You getting all wet over my handsome college friends? Wanna screw all of us, huh?"
And none of this would be happening if you hadn't shot your mouth off to Mr. Krinklesac because you didn't believe a girl like Cecilia could find me worthwhile.
"Shut up! And look, there he is now."
"Our listeners'll be surprised to learn that you're a soft-spoken young man, Killer."
"Screw, which offends everybody. Catholic.Jew. Protestant. black. white."
What isn't fair is my brother lying back there with half his damn head blown off.
"Shit, she's got a gun, Eric."
And this schmuck is gambling?
"Your client could be in a world of danger. - Oh, shit."
Dogging on that nasty wife of his.
"You said True Blue was about a guy, uh, a sensitive girl who meets a nice guy, but Like a Virgin was a metaphor for big dicks."
I don't give a fuck if they don't let people out!
It won't explode unless you fucking move your leg
He jerks off to gun magazines!
I fucked my best friend's husband.
They're a damn blessing.
I'm too pregnant for lugging around a stupid massage table.
"""Hey nerd, let me give you some condescending advice."""
"""YOU BASTARDS!"""
The hijacking mommy-bitch got on.
If you're a vocal cripple?
"And that made you feel fucking terrible, right?"
"I am not your Big, and I'll hit you."
"Now, I've always really wanted to drive, but I've been too fucked up to get that way."
"My white blood cells attacked the pathogens and created antibodies, and then the pathogens were filtered out by my kidneys into my urine and then expelled from my body, you slut."
"She's getting married in a couple of months to a real scumbag lawyer, a bad, bad guy."
Do you wanna fucking help me?
Damn it! Do you know how much this is gonna cost?
"I'm all sticky and shit, but in a good way."
"One of you take it, and we'll have two guns with silver bullets."""
What the fuck happened to your face?
How do you spot a homosexual?
We're going to do bloody windshield today. And the windshield will need to be broken.
"Hey, boy, this is Goliath trash."
"Do you know, I was so wild about her at that time that if she had told me to poison Marfa Petrovna or to cut her throat and to marry herself, it would have been done at once!"
"Could it be under ""stubborn and pigheaded""?"
You have a bladder like a ruddy bison.
"I'll take over the feedings while you're gone,"" and then you crap out on me before I even leave."
Not like everyone else with their stupid little problems.
I fully expect to find his body eating and shitting and recovering from two bullet wounds.
Lift yourself up Drunkards Four... ...the omen was foretold... ...and now we have a fear more grave... ...today I saw the day become like night...
"Even with luck, timing, the gods, we must rout them tomorrow. Destroy their army completely."
That doesn't explain what you're doing here. ...and that big rat chased me away.
"Honey, don't bullshit a bullshitter."
"What the fuck are you doing, man?"
It 's gonna be fucking crazy tonight.
"I know people always stand in the middle of the freaking door in the movies, but that's a good way to get killed."
"You don't think it was that scarface crazy trying to mess with you, do you?"
"""Damn the office!"" he swore abruptly."
"Oh, I think it's this goddamn stomach flu that's going around."
Or playing golf with the mayor or whatever the fuck else he's after?
"I've just had a really, really shitty day."
His shuttle is still in your Launch Bay. -Kill him.
My mother always said you were a loser. -Now go prove her wrong!
"You is killed Master's son!"""
I got to stop drinking this shit.
"What a cock-up, spending eternity with two right arms!"
"Oh, I don't like you."
"If you stay here, you will freeze to death."
Were you born dumb or do you put in work?
"Gingrich's blunt advice was to go negative and ""drive Democrats nuts."""
Wilden's a freak.
We need to talk to someone about those damn shirts you jacked.
"How many times I got to tell you guys, you got to break this shit down from the first nanosecond?"
Get your hands where I can fuckin' see 'em!
"Listen, chump."
"Eric, Jack... whatever his fucking name is!"
"Dan, Dan, please come back safe. If you die..."
I'm gonna whip that cigarette out of your mouth.
Please... Here is the proof of their mental confusion.
Her old man hired some dude to come rob his own damn house
Get it off my back!
She just got the white attitude.
What the hell was I thinking?
"My head is just, it's filled with mind-blowing, fantastical shit."
"Aw, that's a darn shame... because I'm just getting warmed up."
I haven't had sex in ten years.
Where the fuck are we?! - What?
"Obviously, they're killers!"
"It would be a shame... It would be a great shame if, one day, your fellows were to be burned at the stake, because you forgot our code."
I-I need the real shit --
"Well, sir You do recall there was an old silly you was interested in by the name of Buck?"
I thought you were through trying to kill yourself.
Shut up. I'm not a virgin.
Have you ever had sex with anybody before?
I'm not with those losers.
"Harris, tear down that French rag."
Who brought this fucker?
This heat ain't shit.
"You can screw me, but you can't screw with me."
"The problem was that, in this hour before dawn, in this frontier museum-piece of a hotel room where the air was full of musty blanket-fibers, she felt as if all but the last two ounces of fuck-you had been squeezed out of her."
Who taught this idiot to park?
To hell with my luck.
He just loves pissing me off.
"That butcher, Eggers, he'll take 35 head... ...and butcher them himself."
The old man said he never had a problem. - Shut up.
You put a goddamn microphone under my bed!
Goddamn!
"What the hell, Brenda?!"
I thought you would shoot me as I arrived.
"Now the players can beat the shit out of... ...and try to drown one another,which is always fun."
"You're staying with this cunt, right?"
You'll know soon enough. Because the only way to kill an Anubis warrior is by taking off its head.
"I already told you, to change filming at night to day is a shit, if you want to see something."
Feels like fucking Cancun to me.
All leaders mustfinally be sacrificed.
You mind telling me what the hell that was all about?
Every fucking girl in my life.
Throw him behind bars!
"Hey, idiot, look at your car, look at Greg's."
Goddamn it!
Show me a good loser and I'll show you a loser.
"In the meantime, however, you will refrain from gratuitously and stupidly insulting the intelligence of people who've lived their whole lives facing that threat, or I will have you removed from this delegation."
"You know what'll kill me, don't you?"
"Ever since she was a baby, she was so damn stubborn."
"Besides, the only reason Aaron tore up the cheque is because little man was talking shit about his novel."
Don't you get bored code tracing perps who break curfew and tell dirty jokes?
I'll see you tomorrow. Fuck!
"Stop bullshittin', man!"
"If it isn't the Scots, it's herds of savage animals."
"What kids have done to your tits, your life, your libido, your freedom."
'That I could love your sister while wishing you dead?'
"What do you think you're doing, you criminal?!"
"Thanks, Martin. - Shit!"
The only ones here are dead!
Why the hell are you still here?
Palms are sweaty-- -What the hell were you thinking?
"Listen, don't fuck one of those girls."
Shut that dog up!
But it does put me in a damned awkward position... vis-a-vis my progeny.
Attack the attacker.
"Now, what the hell is going on?"
"Now, get yourself a leech."
Who the hell are you supposed to be?
This shit isn't personal.
"""He is bald as an egg"""
"Yeah, well, when you've read as much Foucault as I have, trying to make the distinction between a real and a counterfeit wedding is frankly the behaviour of a twat."
"I would rather return to Earth with my dad, than marry that lowlife Logar."
"She wasn't attractive, she was a mess."
"The Australian government is doing bugger all, as usual."
"Man, that shit smell good as hell, dog. I'm Jamal."
"Well, I know we hit something, but darn if I know what it was."
"Shit. Man, I'm sorry."
Holy shit!
I am shooting this.
The hell?
You never ate my pussy.
You were thinking about her while you were having sex with me?
The loser would buy dinner.
She really did have a fuck of a lot to learn.
You have more coke up your anus Than any drug mule in cartel history.
You're fucking doing fucking what?
Damn it. We lost the F.I.S.H.
Clown colleges... never heard of any of them.
"Domineering, uncompromising, pigheaded... brilliant."
Next time he touch vino... I whack his head like a melon!
Some fucking respect for starters.
What the fuck is a Woo-Woo?
"Puffy, I don't know about a chinchilla, but ifyou throw me out to the jungle, I'll have them motherfuckers dancing."
Like her miotic pupils And sludge toxidrome.
"He turned his backside to all three and wiggled it, making a flatulent noise to show his contempt for the three."
You're immature.
That's why I asked for the fucking gun.
Full speed ahead and get the whiners below decks.
Carrie-- - It fucking hurts!
"Not counting the bitching and whining, I'll say eight."
"No, because it's useless, just like you."
"Why is this woman so damned important to you, Holmes?"
"I don't give a shit what that guy said, you can't do that. And why can't I do that?"
"Brenda, if that asshole is mopping tomorrow, you'll be mopping for the rest of the week."
When I had last seen him he had looked a sick man.
Cheated-on wives tend to get a little hot when they get screwed out of alimony.
"Whoever did it, you jackass."
Don't throw shit at me!
"""Watch it,"" she sez, flat and nasty."
"Hey-Hey-Hey, I heard that in his day, that old monkey was quite a swinger."
That place at the base of a woman's throat.
Don't get outtathe fuckin' ring.
We're too fucked up.
Get the fuck outta here.
Scumbags see the judge on Monday morning.
"Gold and silver were sticky things, and if there ever was a noble fool enough to let just anybody have access to either the strongroom or the accounting books, Kethol would definitely have liked to have heard of him."
And it's none of your damn business how we live.
"Giving tickets, towing people and shit?"
She wouldn't be in the goddamn hospital if it weren't serious.
They plan to wipe the Tutsi out.
"Shit, why? Why? Oh, my God."
"Frankly, I don't rive a shit."
I don't know. Because you haven't said dick to me in four years and now you're helping me.
You did a half-assed crap remediation on just for show in case somebody ever wanted to know where the money went.
And the fink part...
"Just man the fuck up, okay?"
You think it's the same brick Craig knocked your ass out with?
"She didn't say, but hot sluts hang out together."
"Sounds stupid, I know, but... no one seems to be able to find a Tube station."
"And as Bernardo Guardi, I arrest you as a heretic."
Looks like we could take him out in four shots.
They die here.
"This guy poisons, what, nine mexicans..."
"As for Tiddles . . . well, he had to find the damn cat."
"Nigga Louis think because he played football, nigga wouldn't touch him."
"Damn it, Fullerl What's taking so long?"
I truly believe Father Bain would have preferred that boy die than me save him.
Then I'll cut some meat off the pilots.
"""When's the next time you're getting some?"" ""Motherfucker. I'm trying to watch The Lost Boys."
Jimmie has offered us a bitchin' bonus.
You murdered him.
"You destroy me or my shit, it's the same thing as destroying yourself."
It needs to be destroyed. This is totally rotten.
That old fart.
"""I'm gonna kill 'em all with my hammer Like I killed the giants"" ButZeus said"
The computer was such a pain in the butt.
I'm only trying to appeal to men's dumb conservatism.
Take the money and fuck off.
Release that filthy soul?
I will kick herback to new york if I have to!
I lost plenty of men from this darn!
You expect us to believe this garbage?
I finally found your little monster butt.
My bitch!
"I don't know, he don't tell me shit."
"Damn, it was disturbing, that attempt on his apartment, more so the more time distanced him from the physical fear."
"I know you'd love to kick his ass, but what I think you need to do is forgive him."
I do wish women were as good at making money as they are at spending it.
"Re-signing with EMl, gets rid of 2 Million Dollars of all debt and gets rid of the Thirty Million Dollars lawsuit but that fucking pissing me this won (I know) and it's not even the fight to fight to beat somebody."
"You're sick in the head, you know that?"
"Please, do not be dumb."
The game is the fucking game.
"Executions, for those among you yet of this world."
"Not a great photographer, your russian girl."
"You've got to be kick-arse Carly, man."
And to apologise for sucking at it so far.
I don't like your massages.
I might be an asshole... but I've worked hard to become one.
Fatty.
"Emban was sprawled in a large chair, his fat hands on his paunch."
I drove as slow as I fuckin' could.
"The volunteer was nervous at first, undoubtedly expecting Andy to make him stand on his head and cluck like a chicken or something equally ridiculous."
"I know it changes fast everywhere, but in Florida, it's ridiculous."
"I was going to meet our damned, elusive aliens—and find out just what the hell they were doing up there that started a religion."
"And the recipe calls for 12, so all you assholes better be there."
This mother's going to break your back.
I want you gone.
She fucked everybody.
That's one thing I hate about fighting Indians.
Did you threaten to murder one of your kid's teachers and bleed him out like a pig?
Get her the hell out of here.
I don't have to tell you a damn thing about my life.
You're not the only bastard.
"He tried to ignore the guy, but the bastard wouldn't let up."
"Now, to someone who does not understand this… homosexual is what I am because I have sex with men."
We'll pick them off... ... one at a time.
I need a shot of you clutching your heart first.
"So simply, up-front no-bullshit brave."
"Just hit him! Rachel, we gotta get out of here. Rachel?"
"Seems to me your client is lying his ass off, which makes him perfect for the legal profession."
"It's corrupt, dirty and dense."
That's fucking great.
"It's one of them itches, the more you scratch it, the more it fucking itches."
It fucking stinks.
Cutest little bugger I ever saw.
"Hey, throw him in the car."
On you! I want to be inside you.
"You always think a new boyfriend solves everything... ...but you always pick losers, and he's the worst of them all."
Would you please shut up about reindeer?
"The wretched man trifled with his glass - took it up, looked at it through the light, put it down - prolonged my misery."
The bathroom smelled of sour urine and chlorine.
I've no idea what they are... but the Oscar Wilde rule is to shoot on sight.
"Oh, shit. They probably won't know it's gone... for another three or four days."
"Doug, you weren't her only nerd pet."
You point a fuckin' gun at me?
"But damn it, I got it!"
You will eliminate her.
Gotta put down a couple of dogs making my life miserable.
Foreign devil...!
Turn off the damn TV.
"I had no job, my wife was absent, the kids were a pain, I felt constantly inadequate dealing with them--and now the fucking sprinklers werent working right."
"Television with individuals... naive, kinky, shaved."""
And not about how my wife is making a fool of me With her old lover.
That jowly cracker fuck is gonna need some hand-holding after he sees this.
"If a dove is the sinner's offering... ... the priest shall wring off its head, cleave its wings... ... and burn it upon the altar."
Something gay for the Fräulein.
They drew their guns and shot her to death
"You're not leaving me now, goddamn it."
"If I was in Eric's shoes, I'd rather have a good fuck,"
Don't even get me started on cockroaches.
"You know, Ray, I'd find it easier to believe and forgive you, somehow, if the two of you weren't laughing straight in my fucking face!"
"""He's a queer fellow,"" said Bayta, with amusement, and Toran agreed indifferently."
I'm his Goddamn wife. And he didn't even have the courtesy to tell me that he got a skull and cross bones pierced through the tip of his...
"People kill each other everywhere, like beasts!"
"Wrong fucking answer, man."
"I'll take the next three. - Who do you love? - You, you silly..."
I'll take as many of these bastard dogs with me as I can.
"‘Say, darling, I’m giving you this wonderful present, it’s a machine that eats at one end and shits out the other, it’s going to run for fifteen years, give or take, merry fucking Christmas.’"
She had balls. She was smart.
He'il be cremated tomorrow morning.
"I smell the blood of a nice, ripe... girl."
Everybody get down on the fucking floor!
"You're violating a shitload of Soviet laws,"
"I'd be selling insurance, you'd be singing in the church choir, and we'd be miserable."
"Oh, I know what it is, but if you're going to give me a sidekick name, a ridiculous sidekick name, I should be consulted first."
What the fuck is this?
"You know, she may seem like a shallow, conniving wretch…"
"(chuckles) Well, I hope you're ready for some form-fitting polyester, gay Clark Kent from season one of Smallville, because it looks like you're going to be the bottom of my Cheerios pyramid after all."
"Ruby Thewes, you are a c-a-t-a-s-t-r-o-p-h-e,"
It's over— I don't remember askin' you a goddamned thing!
"It's stunning, really... ...how something as simple as man's desire for pussy can undo entire civilizations... or even hostile takeovers."
"From when you ran away from the war and abandoned your friends, and acted like a lunatic to cover up your cowardice."
"I just bet them $500 apiece... ...that I could piss on your bar... ...your floor, your phone,and piss on you... ...and not only would you notbe mad about it... ...you'd be happy. """
What the hell is going on?
"However, in this case, the fuse was lit, but would keep burning until they got back to the hotel and found that (surprise! surprise!) the release forms hadn't arrived after all and that that damned delivery company had let Nigel down yet again."
I never seen... no shit like that in my life.
"Take that off. Damn it, Axl, take it off!"
"The only thing wrong with the present is the bastard doesn't exist,"
I will bathe you.
You have gotta be fucking kidding me !
"This is what happens next, you're gonna go out there, you're gonna give the man his hat back, and you're gonna shut that shit off."
"Would have had to kill them all otherwise, and that's not healthy."""
"Now let the Emperor mock House Harkonnen, call us swine because in the end, his throne will be mine."
Quiet! Stop braying like a pack of mules!
You're not an asshole.
"'A fine day for such stupidity,' said Gaise Macon, approaching the two men."
"I want to know when the hell you're coming home, now!"
B fucking took my hair out!
"""When they have to face up to what's really around them, which is some fucked-up version of nuclear winter."""
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, rue my ass."
"I wanted to smash her with my passion, but not all that hard, of course, assuming all the while that she'd come back together again afterwards as if a beautiful vase, broken into pieces, could pull itself together again from all the tiniest shards and particles and be restored to its glory with an even finer glaze."
"If you have to shoot, remember that.”"
"You know, he was a good guy, just... hotheaded."
I guess that's why she married you and shit.
Even I believe you're dead!
His scrotum was torn off.
He's gotta kill the book.
"One after another, they were told to sit down and shut up."
"Damn it, you know where she is."
"“If you think I’m going to give him everything, including the name of Medusa’s law firm on Wall Street, you’re out of your fucking mind."
"This woman has.. dents in her skull, fro hammer blows."
They're going to bury me.
"No, take a shower. You stink."
I'm going to put so many lawyers on your ass - - you're going to think they opened a branch office up there.
I don't believe in all this political crap.
"If you want to kill yourself, there are a lot of easier ways to do it. And not to go to the craft The rescue in the middle of the night."
I'm afraid I'd stay home and date rape myself all night long.
He told her he admired her balls.
I have 40 hours left on my community service. And now I've gotta spend it spearing trash on a freaking median strip.
Die..e..e You want this head!
A whip and a bastard?
"""'Because you are a monstrous creature', the Lord replied"""
Damn good to meet you.
I'm going to be completely useless to you.
"Ah, he saved your ass, didn't he?"
And what's with your fucking kid?
"Yeah, you're a disgrace, Yo."
Don't fucking lie.
She makes me crazy.
"However, I'm doubly screwed."
"What'd you expect, Theodore, a fuckin' floor show?"
"Shit, that's brilliant."
Why don't you just do it on center ice at a fucking Bruins game?
Miserable Romans.
Apparently this makes me some kind of deranged animal.
"Ay, can you please hurry the fuck up?"
Get off of me!
"Oh, damn 'What's wrong, sir?' said Carrot."
A sadist
"Now, you give them an inch, and they think... you reek."
Hitting your master!
"Next week, we'll have ""get back together"" sex--"
"If you feelyourself reaching for that phone... ...go shopping, get your buttin a bubble bath."
Some of them would die tonight.
"""peasants."""
"Well, this would be fun if I wasn't so miserable."
"Rock is cock, and your rock is dying."
"I'm saying, yes, I'll marry you, you big dumb Schmidt."
The fucker hung up.
Calm your friend down. He's about to shit his pants.
"Sure as hell hope the other kids don't nickname her ""Jew."""
"""Puercos"" ain't cops. - Pigs."
"""You came here to kill me?"""
You'll seduce her and she'll tell you who cursed her.
But I couldn't explain why her son had to go jogging in this shitty weather.
They're your type of bitches.
"ebene Figur, die"
Bad sick.
Now make like your mommy's ovum and split!
"A slap, yeah, that'd do it (!)"
"He's outside, freaking pissed"
How the fuck should I know?
'You've got no goddamn right to go poking around my -'
How do you fuck her?
"Those callous, dishonest bureaucrats have to respect our country."
"""If this gets any more cloying, I think I'll vomit,"" a new voice, harsh and rasping, announced."
You take Summer for a spin in the pool in the Gimme Sex.
That pink shit's weird.
"What the fuck you talking about, FBl?"
The fucking CIA thinks I'm working for Al-Qaeda?
Aren't you supposed to be a rich bitch?
But why are we having such shit luck?
"B.D.: Honey Bee, I need you to keep every whore and orphan under lock and key until I give the go-ahead that everything is a-okay."
You get attacked by a few fundamentalist fucking assholes and the federal money comes raining down like rose petals.
So she deserved to die?
"Face it, Stan's crappy singing is what sunk us."
These people won't stop until everybody's dead.
She’s always thought it was a holy day instead of a holiday—if you see what I mean—and if she saw me calling it Xmas instead of Christmas I guess she’d ‘shoot me for a hossthief.’
"All right? We got South Park, the Blair bitch and Ricky Martin."
"""Bastard brother,"" said Erij, ""it has taken me these two years to learn some skill with my left hand."
You are an unreasonable species.
"It'll cheer you up. And not only will you be able to mock my stupidity... ...but you'll probably say something very wise... ...which I can use with Ephram, pretend it was my idea. It's win-win."
"Shit -- I mean sorry, sir."
"Damn, it's time to go home, right!"
"Man,what the hell are you doing here, anyway?"
There's a potential erection hanging in the balance here.
"Oh, damn, I forgot my ring."
You haven't eaten today. You're crazy.
Throw him in jail!
"He said he was gonna give me some notes on it, not fuckin' steal it."
"Should have finished me last time we met, nigger."
I am a fool and I have cost so many lives.
"He's paranoid, erratic."
"Yes, Mr. Wy-fucking-dell."
"Come after me all you want, Nina, but you touch my staff and I will rededicate my life to ruining yours."
I think I can. Goddamn guarantee that.
I looked him deep in the eyes and I told him to buh-shut the hell up and buh-hit it from buh-hind.
"On Aman's insistence Dadi, Kammo and Vimmo had given up their music... and had embraced a new passion to... ...Kill us..."
He'll use any spice to pepper up his daily garbage!
I don't want you to die...
"Allow the nurse to sing, dammit!"
"Well, I know you're rich, and I know you stink."
"Anton is on his way, and if you're not here, then I get an ass-whipping, and it turns into a PR nightmare."
And I've got a cold in my cock.
"Her teacher's salary is less than what I made, which is pathetic. Keep looking."
"No, I am grateful, Freak!"
All Donna deserves it to be fed to the Jens in a cage.
I suddenly realized... ...I must've killed him.
And got a dozen dumb-ass officers like you fired.
"But when I graduated, no, some time before that, I saw that ... well ... thinking you can solve anything by discussing philosophy or those other matters was foolish."
"I knew it, my kid brother's a faggot."
"Don't bullshit me, man."
"""'and a black mamba can kill you. But only with the mamba, ""and this has been true in Africa since the dawn of time, is death sure. '"
You should have seen what kind of freak they thought I was when I started talking like you
You're all dead.... ....because you don't know howto fire weapons on semiautomatic.
He tells him he would rather see his family dead... ...than live another day after this.
"Kids, this is no bullshit."
You're just a little bitch that needs to be broke like the rest.
"Because you pay us your dirty money, you think you own us."
"Hey Ko, shut it already!"
He has a cute butt. - You're a slut.
"Hey, what the hell, man?"
No fainting spell would save Alfred from this terrible man.
Boog's fatter.
"It's you yelling at me, calling me a woman, Telling me you're gonna go in the kitchen, Make me midol sandwiches. see?"
I would pull open your eyes and kick the mud and worms and shit out of your fucking ears just for the duration of this journey.
I'm doing my frickin' job.
Can't make a TV set or a VCR worth a fuck.
"I told them it happened in Baghdad, they don't give a fuck."
"'Er Nourishing, sir,' said the rat."
"I mean, that doesn't make any fucking sense."
Who's Kelly? Only the best thing to ever happen to this criminal degenerate.
Punks from Chinatown.
"Now, nobody will never fuckin' remember me."
Sorry. I suppose it's embarrassing to have some fool pawing through your food.
"Can't he have sex any more, either?"
Fucking out of here!
What the fuck are you trying to tell me?
"Casablanca, for example, was still putting asses in seats decades after Bogart had been paid off and smoked himself into an early grave."
How the fuck should I know?
Who the hell is Clara ?
She thinks he's a pig.
That's fucking right.
Self-improvement and storing women in formaldehyde.
One man's logic is another man's crazy.
Teaching English to fucking eighth-graders? When they oughta be reading what you wrote.
"""Paulus, you're baring your throat to the Imperial executioner, and smiling while you're doing it!"
"No, my Lord Pigmot, I did not vanquish the Nibblepibblies, because you just made them up. Damn it!"
"It's a six-shooter, she's got 3 bullets left."
"This drunk guy comes out of a bar, and walks up to a nun in this big black cape. Wham! He slugs her in her teeth."
"""Am I gonna believe all them bad things them fools say about me today'?"""
His hands shaped erection of the new arena.
"I'm a goddamned old man, my life don't mean nothin'."
"It'll be a big, fat cut to black, and that'll be it for you."
"If you ever wanna party, just get your ass to Mexico."
Your paper has been trying to fuck my husband Ever since he spoke out against this administration. We have your memo.
Damn! An accent always throws me.
Sweet dreams! - ...kill you!
"""We got to get her in purgatory, man."""
Any child could see you'd kill yourself.
He could win a war if he goes to war... and he's daily given cause for war by fanatics newly from Europe... by Templar bastards like Reynald de Chatillon.
Damn. My mail-order grandfather hasn't come yet.
What you were saying-- about how sexual intercourse happens on the spur of the moment.
And you... ...help your landladycarry out her garbage.
Goddamn shrine to his dead wife.
Rubbish.
"After we screwed, he asked if he could stay with me for a few days."
The guy who wouldn't do a vaginal swab.
"Whoa, that was a bit gay."
The whole division would look like idiots.
KING: I'll handle these rats.
I'm getting as far away from you as I fucking can.
Move your ass. You have 5 minutes.
Fucking typical!
"It's a rare possibility, but one that would've killed her instantly."
"But the judge, he's listening to this and he's... you know, he looks like he's gonna shit a bowling ball."
He's gonna get me killed.
"If you make any attempt to contact the police, people die. Nick!"
The Soviet government would have managed to fuck up these new treasures as it had fucked up everything else.
But you can't go and put down the Misfits.
VONETTA: Told you they were killers.
Not in some bloody palace in London.
"In my country, we just have the one witch doctor!"""
He killed Damien. - Bullshit!
"My license, my keys, my life. Yeah, that guy, he's like a freak."
"He's a Yank, but he's a Yank with class."
"Bilbo the silly hobbit started this affair, and Bilbo had better finish it, or himself."
"Damn it, I know."
"He's going to hell, poor bastard."
At this point Nanny Ogg hit her on the back of the head with the cauldron.
Did you bring your crazy straw?
"( Chuckles ) She's probably in Fort Lauderdale right now, sucking some Jell-o shots off her twin sister's abs."
"Like, really kill you."
Where the hell were you?
"Yes, shooting tigers."
I'm sure you love your wife and have a filthy temper.
While I'm risking my ass my wife shacks up with a Frenchman.
I'll tell booth we may be looking for a sexual predator.
"Did you make him write that note, hang himself?"
This whole thing is so unfair. Sucks.
I have simply written... ...if an Englishman kills an Indianfor disobeying his law... ...it is an Indian's dutyto kill an Englishman... ...for enforcing his lawin a land that is not his.
Singing or chanting or some damn thing.
"These folk—will die, and they need not"""
Why are you wearing these ridiculous clothes?
You fucking miss me?
"Attention you shmucks, I have an important announcement."
"I remember his smell, the stink of him!"
"You think the Battle of Little Big Horn was... was a... ...was an adventure? Oh, shit."
What the hell?
"Fuck. You're right, man."
You're not gonna kill this kid with it either.
You guys said you were badasses!
Leo Marks is not man we can fuck with.
Did she try to fuck you?
You'd be shit out of luck if it wasn't for me.
Tommy will get you out! Fuck!
"We gotta clean this shit up, man !"
My father would kill me.
Idiot! You still there?
Scum.
"Smart-ass. All right, just clean up this crap."
"Who the hell are you, anyway, and why the hell are you at this wedding?!"
"Yeah, why is it when I win, I'm lucky, and when I lose, I'm stupid?"
I can't believe those jerks took our car.
"You still owe me that fuck, you know."
"Oh damn plague and pox, what have I done!?"
hanah montana basshunter wwe pamela anderson sex video hentai xxx jonas brothers sexy girls sex scenes bb8 big brother power rangers mistic forse 2girls1cup kama sutra nude amnesia ibiza akon enrique iglesias linkin park orgasm
"""You are insolent,"" snapped Kam Han Tor."
I want to be here for Jury when the shit goes down.
And this shithole is just fine for us.
"It was Alicia, and if you can't make that bitch talk, Detective, then I will."
You're the most pathetic little girl I've ever seen.
Lechers all want me to sit on their laps.
"Hey, you wanna see something stupid?"
"""This man will be dead in two hours."""
"You got a lot of nerve showing your face around here after what Steve did for you, you got some set of balls."
"Shit was tight, remember?"
Fuck her and then have her send you a check for $12 on your birthday.
God damn it. ...by Mr. Ben Wade himself.
I hate to burst your little crazy-lady bubble... ...but it must not have been all thatgreat because I don't remember you.
She's gosh darn Charles Manson.
We take out 200 fucking measly dollars every two weeks.
"Daniel, you'll kill your back."
"The silent army watched him, suddenly fearful that the drunken fool might stumble into one of them."
Not a bad price for a useless old dog.
"She said, ""Gene, you'd have to beat me away with a stick."""
"We got a dead agent on our hands and I can't account for one damn thing you've done for the past 24 hours, except lose a lot of money and make best friends with the l.A. agent who's gonna bust your ass."
This fool at his fire was surely unaware of them.
Giving your life for someone you love is ridiculous?
"If we can just figure out what the fuck happened, maybe we could--"
Burn!
There's...a tra... traitor.
Did silly miss Avery give you a fright?
"Yeah. You got the... the head of the Neo-Marxist underground and his bitch girlfriend, code name Dream, real name Veronica Mung."
How fuckin' hard can that be?
"Come on, a nice lady robot to rub your neck stump - you might like it."
* Save the naked morass All y'all gonna *
The guy's screwing with us.
"""Bitchin'."""
It'll be a daily duel between the insane and your own sane mind.
"""Remember, Brigham is dead,"" Krendler said, ""and so is Burke, damn fine agents, both of them."
You have killed so many.
"""Met his match and kicked his ass."""
It's like I'm fucking 45.
Again with the butt. These mosquitoes are out of control.
"The whole damn sky, full of worlds!"
"""but everybody else knows you're on a freight train to Stupid Town."""
I'm supposed to keep this fleet battle-ready to take on the japanese... cover half the damn globe.
"If you change one bloody chasse, I'll take them both away."
The roads are crawling with cutthroats and bandits.
Ohh. How many boobs have we seen?
I got to fucking come home... for this?
You're gonna be like donkey Kong.
"Two shots at my jaw, that's all you get."
Sorry.I'm sorry. that's stupid.
"Pete, dried puke."
"Josh, let's get the fuck out of here."
Nothing is hotter than a chick on a bike.
Don't make me knock the piss out of you.
"He underwent a clandestine marriage, in the shadow of the black church."
Trudy got a cyst in her brain.
I had to torpedo him.
Fat ass?
Isn't that the girl that you were dating before that then went back to her crazy nerd boyfriend?
I want to hurt you.
What a weakling!
And honestly it annoys the shit out of me.
I actually tried to kill this program a couple of times.
"Open this door, or I'll break through it and grab you !"
"he's never been the same. -Oh, no. Five nights ago, he tried to kill me and he threw his mother on the ground."
They're just making sure we don't steal shit.
Shut up. Of course you are.
And you could just get the fuck out of the country.
What the hell is wrong with you people?
"Now I brought you here to sell some Evonne, and by damn it, I'm going to sell some Evonne."
"Well, it's a choice between me arresting you and Toolbox killing you."
"I'll give you whatever I have, but just promise you'll make love to me."
Arthur will be dead within the week.
I'm a fuckin' idiot 'cause I can't make a lamp?
"And when that bastard usurper is dead, my lady will be queen."
Some days I think that if I have to look at another blowjob I'll scream.
Even if killing him would clear your name?
I think you must be confusing me with someone who gives a shit about the fucking lumber
"Goddamn right, they're horns."
Jesus. Shit!
"Kwon Man Se, that crybaby."
You're a bit of a freak for beaver.
You need to go to that dirty porno site I sent you... mekahataton.com. Remember that?
Giving you a line of crap about John G. being some local drug dealer.
It's these damn eucalyptus trees.
"Shit, now I'm nervous."
I'm gonna go punch a sandwich.
"Shit, he been stealing it from us."
"Quinn saved our asses, though, didn't he?"
Give him a fucking mustache.
"Look, I don't give a crap how far back you and Stillman go."
I said we'd be friends but I'm not a damn eunuch.
"You kill me, man."
And people will see my tattoo of Donald Duck smoking a doob!
"You trashed my fucking dressing room, and you didn't do your 25 minutes."
What the hell's going on?
"If you don't fuck off in five seconds, I'm nicking you."
Shit never gets old.
Did you forgetthat someone was in there... with a goddamn hand cannon?
"I can tell you this much. All the stuff that people obsessed about over them, all the good things people wrote, all the nasty shit, all the movies, the insider tell-alls, none of it captured them."
What the fuck you gonna do then now?
Don't shoot them! Don't shoot them! They're all right!
Traitors! Officer Deetmore...
Now when these little suckers run down this tree... ...I can hear them coming and I can run outside and scare the living S-H-I-T out of them. Great.
"Bottom line is, I took the high road and it sucks."
"Once again, he'll blame his bitch mother... ...for taking away what his loving father has given him... ...so thanks for that."
"Salvage it if possible, destroy it if necessary."
And I couldn't see the point of spitting and all that crap.
You're fuckin' right.
"Sounds ridiculous, but it happened."
I want you to tell Wang I don't know who the fuck Wang is!
Go hang yourself and your reputation.
Your father used to scare the crap out of me.
You've got half-naked hot chicks and apparently booze.
"Put the knife down, Filip. Don't be silly."
It's a goddamn tragedy.
Dump her in Red Hook.
After the trial it should be burned infront of comission.
Banana. - His teeth are gonna rot out of his head.
"Damn, what was in those claws?"
"Here I am, speaking my mind, and nobody gives a crap."
Fine. Fuck it.
That's how the world sees me... as some idiot millionaire.
"There's nothing for a physician to see and, thank God, nothing that some fool with a knife could think to cut out."
"Raina gave me a took worthy of Edward, as if I'd asked a very stupid question."
"In an impressively short period of time, he had transformed into a... well, a devil!"
"Tuck, don't be a fool!"
"""Never trust friends and dudes with big cocks."""
"I wanted to break into your apartment, tie you up with my underwear and roll around all night?"
"If Chase had compromised his professional judgment to help Cameron, I would have fired his ass, too."
I don't take orders from no fucking woman.
"It's just a bunch of fools skating on the ice, which lack teeth."
"I know, I know, it's just a T.V. show. But it does reinforce the stupid idea people have that rich people would love us and share with us if only they got to walk a mile in our cheap, plastic shoes."
He killed a freak!
"Have him killed, and get it over with!"
"It's suicide. Boyka, you..."
"God, you're paranoid."
She wants to change the damn fool sheets.
I don't even give a fuck about the movie anymore.
"Well, because you were horrible drunk"
Most hobbies don't involve dirty cops staked outside your apartment.
Nothing. - You were gay in the car. And then you suddenly shut up.
Why do I have to memorize these stupid things?
You're actually quite a dullard.
In ten years you're gonna be playing soccer with your tits.
"""Yes, perhaps, if we deliver the dwarf and the other companions to Dendybar he will forgive our stupidity in allowing the drow to die."""
That girl is not a good choice. She's rude.
"I... I left my parking lights on, and it drained the stupid battery--"
People who've paid to see you don't give a shit if it doesn't sound good on stage.
The image of her idiot devotion appeared in her mind's eye.
"Swamp trash, just like my mom."
Would you provide me with the perfect murder?
"'If I were a bandit, I'd be a damn poor one."
"Yes, you're selfish!"
"Maybe if you didn't leave the window open 'because it's too hot in here,' we wouldn't be getting fucking murdered, right?"""
I have worked my ass off to get over you.
I think she's retarded.
Stop futzin' around with the props and pillows and flowers... and just shoot the girl.
What's that pussyface?
"Are you the little gremlin who copied that piece of tape?"""
Which was of course ridiculous.
"Stop the bullshit, please!"
The nurse must have screwed up.
Holy mother of crap.
"Goddamn, your family's poor!"
Some fucking friend you are.
"It was a gamble;"" Ding admitted, ""but it was a gamble that looked better than having a hostage whacked right in front of us while we were jerking off at the assembly point."
(Colt) Get her off me! My wife and I haven't had sex for two years.
"You kill innocents, they'il never letyou..."
"Your drinking, your gambling, your womanizing, but I am not putting up with your stalker."
I told them of not putting the fuck!
How the fuck do you knowso much about our organisation?
"I know tito's your blood But, with all due respect to you, he's also made of slime."
"Let me go, I'm not a fag."
"If I was shot in my jerk-off arm, I'd be mad too."
What the hell do you want?
"You expel the Asians now, this economy will be on its knees."
"Take this. Take the stairs. Whatever you guys gotta do, just get the fuck outta here."
We candisplay our ineptitude over and over.
Can you give both the red team and the blue team a little insight to how much crap you have to take sometimes.
"To cure cancer, you gotta kill a few white mice."
Cheated On In Chattanooga threatened to kill her husband's mistress on air.
I thought he hung 'em up.
"We're going to take a recess. When it looked like they could get 25 years to life for skimming a casino, sick or no fucking sick, people were going to get clipped."
Hating your mother is in the guidebook.
"He’s got two public service awards on his wall, and pictures of him talking to the Rotarians and the Lions, and he’s vice president of this dipshit town’s Jaycees, and next year he’ll be president, and he’s just as crazy as a fucking bedbug!"
"No. If you are sick, sick."
"I've worked my ass off, too."
Got himself killed.
It must suck that Sam and Kim moved.
"Well, the file says that he kidnapped a young woman in the woods, put a burlap bag over her head and bashed her brains in."
Though I will say Mrs Erlynne's damn fascinating.
Police have arrested nine suspects Can you believe this shit?
"Yep, I could really get used to this paradise shit."
"I didn't kill your father, but you could...."
It's fucking great.
"You can't leave me, satan, I won't let you!"
You know whose fucking load this is?
And I'll send you back to the Central Party in a casket.
I'll haunt you.
There's nothing fuckin' worse than overcooked tuna.
You said you weren't gonna do this shit anymore.
"Call me old-fashioned, but I'll be damned if I'm having a child with a man I never slept with."
I got a bunch of bodies waiting with plenty of room in them... ...I could smuggle some shit.
He likes it when you mush him against your breasts.
I know he's a pig.
"To that, I just have this to add... fuck him and fuck that."
You want them to hang?
"He slaughtered her parents, then attacked her."
"I tell ya, I got a fucking cobra plan for her."
Goddamn it! I can get a list of the churches in San Miguel if you let me use the phone.
"I did laundry, and I waited up for you to come home, so I could go see my girlfriend, but I never heard from you because you were fucking Dirk Diggler."
"Zhou, you're a bit laid back for a murderer."
Because she's real sick too.
"Jimmy no doubt saw them, thought they were pretty silly, and decided to have some fun with me."
I will corrupt you with every soldier and slave in the palace!
All this shit caused by a random traffic stop.
"And when his eyes go dead, the hell I sent him to must seem like heaven after what I've done to him."
"You can not cry, no one likes girls crying, girls seem ugly."
What junk are you talkin'?
If there's anything we can do to Dammit.
"If anybody mess with my family, man, I don't care who it is, I'd frag 'em."
Prince Ali is nothing more than that ragged urchin Aladdin.
That's fucked up.
A donkey would have a better chance of marrying the prince.
"""Put that crap away,"" Azzie said."
You're a liar. That's only two months away.
Like the time I got my ass kicked five years ago by the boyfriend you told me was in Vegas?
"You go on that debate stage and try to win that debate by going negative blow to negative blow, he will fucking destroy you."
It's like a Khan worm on steroids.
Chock full of crap that want to skin you.
FORMER CIA AGENT WANTED DEPRIVATION AND FOR MURDER
You are bad. You sure you can handle it?
He don't know whether to shit or go blind!
"Have you even read ""Moby dick""?"
Who gives a shit?
I saw the whole damn thing.
"All right, Ms. Hilton...we'il find you another dog."
You wanna sleep with me'?
"Whatever you do, don't get shot in the face."
I'm talking to the fucking air.
Goose is working. - Ass-kisser!
But smaller tits are in right now.
Fuck her and then have her send you a check for $12 on your birthday.
Hmm. Where the hell are you?
Shit's been brewing for months... ...since Donna.
Do you think she'il have sex with us?
"So until you're no longer an idiot, I will be making the decisions for you, and that means you're not dropping out of school, you're going to college, and those mutton-chops you talked about growing - not happening."
Bring in the nuclear device.
Humans will always see the hulk as a monster.
Look at that shit!
"""Say the word, Sis, and I'll cut him into pieces small enough to hide."""
"I just don't want any great, big, terrible men like you scaring him to death."
Paranoid nut job.
That midget?
You bitch! - Jeffrey called!
"He was so off balance that he lurched against the wall, then slid down it to land on his buttocks on the sidewalk."
"Oh, damn. That's a shame."
Killed her.
"He said, ""Tell that fat fuck, Tony Two-Toes... ...I ain't gonna pay him another dime."""
"We pick ’em up as we come back, or kick ’em to the side.”"
"So, where the hell's Your god now?"
Please. Tell me or I'll start breaking shit.
"Four people, man - butchered 'em like cattle."
We live like beasts - like serfs.
"""I spy a liar."
You're not gonna take your men around into the jungle to avoid a goddamn fight!
"Maybe you're right,but one day,he's gonna be a monster."
"This is the sound ghosts make to scare douchebags! oooooooh, douchebaaags, oooaaa, Judas Priest."
I make at least two junk connections at that far table over in the corner.
"Unless there's gonna be drunk chicks doing body shots,"
"Oh, dear brother-in-law, I am the most miserable of people."
You alright for a black fella! - Oh yeah!
"As soon as one got hit with a cosmic ray, it died."
I hate the ponies.
How is putting a bullet in your head gonna help Dee?
I think you're a decent type of man even if you are a crook.
Would you be so concerned if he were white?
"But if I know you, you'll find a way to recover the money those sons of bitches stole from me."
If I can eliminate them his navy will be powerless
"That's near pensacola? Randall: Nicer than glades from the outside, but the tiers were shit."
I used to bang your mum all the time.
Don't fuck with me.
"In any case, the bull was here, and it was the ugliest brute Rosie had ever seen in her life."
You made poopie in your pants.
"She has a little baby fat, that's All."
Do you honestly believe that I want to be single and miserable?
"When those pathetic bags of bones down there fall to their knees and pray for death, who do you think they're praying to?"
I like to go out and have fun and get silly and tipsy.
"Yeah, send them Indians back to Africa."
"You know, I still cannot believe you had sex with him."
You won't die from getting your hand cut off.
It is rubbish.
These starving brutes will shoot at you like bullets.
"Sun don't shine on the same dog's ass every day, but... mister, you ain't seen a ray of light since you got here."
"All this crap Is evidence, Booth."
The rest of you... ...get those goddamn uniforms offlike I said.
"Sure, some might act like your friends, but really, they just want something from you -- money, sex, drugs."
I did all that shit.
let's find a way off this fucking planet.
Holy shit. It's ociffer Dolworth.
"Beneath her lids, she rolled her eyes like a stage lunatic; her mouth still shaping the words that conjured the tree."
"In fact, I want to study slapping under your tutelage."
Shit Faced Central this is the real Rocky Mountain High!
You actually thought I wanted to have sex with you?
A lot of people are gonna die.
I am so happy I could just kiss you to death.
"What the hell, it's our last night.'"
They get all nervous and give silly answers.
"Josey, get your ass down here."
"Right in front of Ted, so I can rub it in his face."
You'll suffer for that.
"Not much we can do about it, and damned few details."
"He was a huge man, running to fat, who looked older than his thirty-two years."
"Don't be late, and fuckin' bring me something."
Deena! Get your ass out here!
You know we're both gonna grow old and die in here.
It's too dangerous. Bullshit.
"It wasn't going to make much difference in the end, of course . . . except that it would give them the opportunity to take an even bigger escort to hell with them."
Shut it!
Enough of thatlovesick nonsense.
Who gives a shit?
If we don't get out of here... - Shut up!
"The apron was red and yellow and the hem was flounced, but somehow he managed to avoid looking silly."
So behold the naked human brain.
I know he's gonna do that fucking drum solo.
"Love, connect... grow old, die."
And preferably a pushy tabloid hag who'd do anything to get her face on the front page...
"'Cause that way, when I call, I can say some badass shit to Woody, like, “When you hear the lion roar, then you know we mean business.”"
"Beautiful as you are, your legs must be twisted."
So tell her to show us her goddamn cards.
I have no fucking clue. - Me either!
You hit me all you want. It won't change a thing.
"""I'm gonna go fuckin' get drunk."""
What are all those crazy robot heads?
"Man, that stinks."
What foolishness are you spouting?
"Lori, why don't you go upstairs and show Blake your feng shui? Shut up!"
You know Sebastian didn't tell his blow-up doll of a girlfriend either.
"Oh, shit. - No, no, no. Do not shoot, that vest will explode."
"If you're a traveler, I'm bloody Twiggy."
"Oh, I thought that you wanted to suck me something."
I'm spending 400 bucks on shit.
Countries known for their sexually aggressive men.
Even if it kills you.
Then where is he? He'd be here with me now if you hadn't thrown a dozen guns at his face.
You guys were fucking great.
"Need I tell you how I have sworn I would do if ever I had you in reach, bastard brother?"
"Goddamn it, Martin!"
"Maybe they'll let us go, or maybe they'll kill us."
"We need to find out who lends money to losers, not winners."
"Yeah, you got all the time in the world. You don't do a damn thing with it, though."
"Even though he may be a wig-headed Proxer or something worse, some damn thing that got into his ship while it was coming or going, out in deep space, ate him, and took his place."
Where the hell is your turd?
Since when do you... Need to take out sucker mortgages for 200 grand?
"She's got one hand in my pants, one hand in my goddamned wallet."
What the hell is he doing here?!
"Man, you're son kill the governor, kidnapped his daughter, robbed the President and ran a red light."
Sure it wasn't your dick?
"Damn, I never thought I'd see them again."
"""Tell me why I’d give a shit about your wife's cousin?"""
I got one question for you. - Shoot.
"Why didn't you tell me, damn it?"
"'Maybe, but he remembers who he is, who he was with, shit like that."
"It must be so cool being you, all kick-ass and everything."
You're looking to die?
Just watch your arse!
Where's that bumbling Burglar?
Only if Glaber is foolish enough to attack. Before we are too weak from hunger to fight.
Now Simran isn't your problem. She's my headache
I only pay for pussy with profits.
I'm gonna call every girl in my phone until someone agrees to have sex with me.
"We go along with you and lie our asses off, and the world of truth and ideals is... protected."
Just because I beat up Bhatkar's goon and broke his ribs?
"Blow it up, now!"
Did you fucking come for me?
We should get rid of him.
'cause you have no idea what a good fucking script looks like.
Fuck! Take it off.
They were gonna lick the Yankees in a month. The poor gallant fools.
...we will issue a warrant... ...for his elimination.
"Yes, we had sex."
Then you showed me the bible quotes - on women who must be killed.
"What the hell is this, Tyrell?"
"You're supposed to be my best mate, Chloe, and you don't give a shit!"
"Yeah, it's dark and dirty and has like, what, those three weirdos who work there?"
"Look, man, I saw you start the fucking car up."
"You think I'm scared of some cowboy-hat-wearing, accordion-playing fools, huh?"
"precancerous lesions (growths) in the cervix, vulva or vagina and anus;"
Banelings are dead souls Who selfishly bargain for a second life In exchange for killing others.
It was that disgusting habit that you... It would have just passed right through him if he hadn't been writhing around.
Get the fucking gun.
And it's got fuck-all to do with escape or withdrawal or fear.
"Tom, you have to stop being an idiot with our savings."
Gnomes - old Jeff Pitt has gnomes on his brain!
That thing where we try to get a bunch of loser kids to become student snitches?
"Hands bound, two gunshots to the chest."
I can't believe that bastard shot you.
"The police are involved, but they tell me bugger all."
"Let me see you fight, if you dare, big phoney bullshitter!"
Bad enough I had to spend the day with him... ...now he's at my fucking job?
"While we cover your ass? Just so you know, about 17 people way up the food chain all called and demanded I back you off Ari Sonnenland."
"Underestimating their capabilities might well be fatal because it only took one lucky hit and... pfft, good-bye buttocks."
"Jeez, the fucking cavalry."
He's killing bad people who got a 2nd chance in life.
How can you make love to your wife if she's at fat camp?
And I'm sorry to say that the world has become a pussy-whipped Brady Bunch version of itself run by a bunch of robed sissies.
All he did was steal my shit.
Get the fuck off me!
Gut blood.
"Well, you've seen the last of the nerd."
"They hanged her... ... tearing off her mask, exposing her hideous face to the light."
But would she try and kill your comptroller?
"Oh, shit. I just got off the phone with Mrs. Levinson."
"Hell, Rita!"
"Well, when I smoke that stuff, I'm not afraid or stupid."
"What happened, pussycat?"
"In fact, maybethat was my favorite goddamn plate!"
Ridiculous.
"3F. And his buddy, dumb Billy, 7E."
You fucking him the whole timeyou were married to me?
"No fucking about, no eye-gouging."
If he wants to be human... ...I'll make sure he suffers like a human.
"Just the fucking nerve of it, that little bag of hair and eyes daring to growl at me."
That'd suck.
Missionary kill.
"This guy Rico throws them, and GB/GB is when you give blood, and then he get you buzzed from this black liquid that comes out of his saliva when he kisses you."
"I know this sounds like a lot of horseshit, doesn't it?"
You're on drugs. There is no money!
And your time and place is in a very isolated location where no one is likely to be for about a fucking hundred years.
What the hell is walter up to?
"Saving the young woman, saving the daughter of Senator Fuck-You Martin and the ones that might come after--- truly, that was what mattered."
Can we please just destroy the furious five and save the bickering for later?
It is to be exploded.
You killed my dummy.
The stupidly dangerous part is already over with.
She'il come back smelling of tobacco and other unmentionables.
I know you want a shit load of money you didn't earn.
Fuck! We won't make it.
"If you leave me, I'll throw her."
"Like, where the hell have you been?"
Your behaviour is an embarrassment to our People's Court.
Stand around until the corpses bust in this damn place?
Men like you always fear me.
"""Tell that to the Dragon Highlord, you miserable dog-eaters;' snarled the draconian."
"Any guy that gave that to me, I'd dump him."
"Be careful you, who are blind, with a crippled man on your shoulders."
I thought you liked sluts.
"You might hear a little bit of noise when we trash all your shit on the way out, then it'll go quiet, then you can come out and try and find a new phone."
"You're humping too much stuff, troop."
Tell Charlie how many viagra you took.
Did you have sex with Randy yet ?
"I don't know what you just said, but that sounded sexy as fuck."
You see that shit?
"Instead, they insert chips under the skin of their informants like dogs."
How could you be so foolish?
"Ooh! But from the neck down, she was dirk Benedict."
"If the pigs get you, you say..."
And this poor bastard in the middle - probably hasn't been pushed in months.
I don't need that garbage.
"Everybody that's ready to die, raise your hand."
"Damn, I should have tried it first."
"Excuse me, but after I almost got that ridiculous DWl, I can ill afford a speeding ticket."
Punch me if you want.
"Yeah, $10,000 in cash, and I'll scare that Pepé Le Pew motherfucker all the way back to France."
Then they'il die with honor.
"""I think we'd all better stay out of your grandfather's way for a while,"" the rat‑faced man replied."
"No, I wanna hire the Sopranos to beat the shit out of him with a hammer."
Your fiirst blow job.
"Well, little sick dogs pull at my heartstrings but certainly not trophy wives from Australia."
Cut off a dead man's head.
You're gonna fucking regret that later.
Another thing that proves how bad men are at sex is that after sex you're looking at two very different people.
don't make me cut your throat.
"Look, Len, let's cut the shit."
Put a baby inside of me.
Roof rat.
Michel is sick... he wants you.
"The second time, foolish."
Maria has ten dicks.
Or killed catching the thief in the act.
"And now, the media shoveling shit on our badges over the shooting that took place there."
I seen him swallow a rat and then puke it up.
"Mr. Mayor, if we don't organize a hunt the beasts will slaughter us all."
I'd be a fool if I didn't take it.
You finally got bitten in the ass.
"Bait that Fremen Naib and you could awaken a beast to destroy us all."""
You bring back these old dirty relics again.
I can't do shit here.
I'm sorry. Do I give a shit?
Then I'll sew up your chest.
That drop of blood that's calm proclaims me bastard... ...cries cuckold to my father... ...brands the harlot even here... ...between the chaste unsmirched brow of my true mother.
It was unnerving to have allies who struck you as goofy; it made your own opinions seem suspect.
This world is going to burn. Burn !
What is trash?
"LA is up for grabs, the spoils of our once fine city going to the ruthless scum who can spread the most carnage and blood in our streets."
"You're just going to have to sodding well get used to it, or I'll make your every waking hour a complete blinking misery!"
"Holy shit, it's you."
Let your god strike me dead if I lie.
"I promised her I'd find you, and you'll make a liar of me if you don't go.”"
"Shit, you how old? - 16."
"The bastards. Oscar, meanwhile, checked in on Buster."
"Kyle, do you want me to say I fucked up?"
"Plus, we coupon and live in a crappy house with my crazy great-grandmother. Oh..."
"Just 'cause you go into faggy-apology mode doesn't mean I'm gonna forgive you right away! Fuck you, man."
A bad man who killed people.
The only people I'm interested in are dead.
"""Get out the bloody way, whoever you are, we wanna get to Orlando.""'"
"""Shut up, Fatty."""
"I told him how I'd set fire to it before I left — I hadn't wanted the bloody Japs to repair the wing."""
It is the sentence of this court that on November 6... at 6:00 a.m. you shall be hanged by the neck until dead.
"If they so much as scratch Mr. Ritchie's car When he shoWs, he'il shit."
You're friggin' kidding me?
"He looked like hell, and he seemed to be chained or tied to something."
"And if he had known, Weizak probably wouldn't have given a sweet shit."
"I can't feel shit, homie!"
Surely you don't want to stay in this shithole forever. I don't know.
You shut up too.
"This time the iridescence, when it came, was almost bright, and fixed in his head the image of her crotch, his fingers sliding over and between her labia."
You should take it and shut up.
They're gonna have that DNA shit all on them.
Let's hope she has Everett's brain.
It's usually a pigsty in here.
"I hope you know what you're doing, marrying into a crazy family like that."
Just point and shoot.
"If they'd cought Rachel, they would've boiled her alive in molten lead."
And I couldn't fuckin' go to sleep 'cause I thought they were gonna eat me or something.
"A white lie, an illegal download. What about you? And you?"
"I don't really give a shit, because..."
"He's on the fucking pavement, wrestling with the cab driver."
You're going to end this relationship because some lunatic from the future told you that I am destined to marry Barry?
"Angad, what the hell is this?"
Are you going to give me some kind of fucked up hint what you're talking about?
'Cause I'm too busy getting the shit kicked out of me and being an accomplice to fraud!
These fuckers sound great.
"""Jay and Silent Bob are stupid characters--"
The only reason I didn't was because I wanted to meet you face to face... ...and see if you really believe this crap you write.
That is not true. -Ridiculous!
"So I travel 6,000 fucking miles just to pitch it!"
This shit's expensive.
She smells like whiskey.
She can take your shot.
My sister's a dick too.
"He's a nutjob... but it says he lived next door to rodrigo,filed all kinds of complaints."
It's about fucking time.
That's a fuckload of pressure for a director.
"""I'm not such a fool as to wear it on my sleeve like you do."
That dude is practically living with my fucking mom.
I was a profane man ruled by profane desires with a one-way ticket... to eternal damnation!
I couldn't live with myself if I'd have hit her.
"Sir, would you like to try some fresh -- ma'am, could I interest you in a -- Fuck you."
"You bastard, let me out of this car now!"
Lutz is a nut case.
Do you hear me? Mad!
Where does it say we should do any one thing but shoot the mothers in the head?
How the hell did you get in here?
"""Liar."""
"Behind him, shackles clamped round horny ankles, trudged an ancient phagor slave, Myk."
This sucks.
"Shit. The penalty for littering is $1,500."
Fuckin Cheerios?
I cannot wait for this shit to be done.
"Down your foolish, what do you think you are doing?"
"""You're sick."""
"See you get your shit together, all right?"
That's no place for a cold-blooded guy like you.
It's quicker to wipe them all out... ..rather than try to weed out traitors.
"In the name of the most royal of kings, King Torrap, throw Dneirf into the Death Tower!"
You kill my hunters.
And maybe they do what they can to help that shit along.
Keep out of that man's head.
"And when you find him, put a bullet in him."
What the fuck you say to my sister?
"Oh, come on, worms, don't fight it."
The dick knows what it wants to wear.
I can't believe you two had sex in her dream.
We' re supposed to blow them up again in the daytime.
"As I was saying, after I split up with my husband I went out on the street and there was a guy eyeing me, good-looking. his ass... his feet..."
"If we couldn't trust him, we'd all be fucking in jail now."
"And I don't want to buy all this stupid, boring, adult stuff and become boring adults."
"Or don't and spend your days here, eating a crappy steak and trying to ignore the C-section scars."
I spit on that pig Antony for leading me astray.
I can throw her in a cell to cool off.
You're getting a freak.
"You're the liar here, not me."
He seemed strangely dumb.
"""Go ahead, you cry while I shower."""
Even our lunatics were defended better.
You knew damn well I wasn't!
How did everything get so fucked up?
Don't tell me to shut up!
He put me outside... because... he wants to see me die... as a nobody.
These people are going to get fucked over on the pretext that no convention...
And needs an exorcism.
"""Everybody shut up but Aunt Hilda."
Fanny!
I'm getting him to fuck the D.A. for $100.
I'm getting all kinds of shit over this scanner.
I waited 20 minutes for this shit?!
Both had bullshit parents.
"Uhura, turn off those damn channels!"
And they were too embarrassed to talk about it because they just felt so silly.
"All right, now you're using your fuckin' head."
Watch his head. Jer.
What the hell did you just say to me?
"After all these years, she still gets this white man harder than igneous rock."
"Darling, you're looking at me like I'm supposed to argue something that's none of my goddamn business."
"What the hell was that, dude?"
What kind of woman are you going to get to have sex with a scrawny little man like that?
Maybe because my brother intends to defile and discard her like a warm melon.
"They're all dead–except your son-in-law if you want–ah, I know you've an alliance with them, but it's not worth a bowl of horseshit."
"""We'll all be going like a crossdamned bat out of hell, pardon the language, Father."""
That's l-R-O-N M-A-N And I fuck him in the mouth
"But Alyten was a brash, foolish boy, and should never have gone looking for the trouble he found."
"Attack, my vermin, attack!"
"Shit, I couldn't see it properly, ok?"
"Smallville, everyone knows you're a terrible liar."
The witch-doctor shook convulsively and closed his eyes.
You bites on your bottom.
But not in here. I don't fancy sleeping in someone else's revolting spunk.
"Well, that won't last long. She's a bit of a dodo-head."
So it's only a matter of time before one of them is killed this time.
"Robert Johnson, 3-time loser, Arrested for possession of torture videos."
Koba say... Apes should hate humans...
"Get in the car, con man."
"If you don't stop playing, Olympe will drop dead."
"As far as I know, Daniel, it's designed to kill."
I don't say anything bad about black people.
The Black King is still missing. We're at war.
I don't give a shit what she told you.
"Dino Brewster, you better watch your ass, son."
"""You believe that garbage?"
Not even a blind man would think she was bonny...
"A few drinks, some angry sex."
"But if this is about a girl that rejected him, why kill a guy first?"
And I've spoken to Principal... Asshole.
"He's not much of a man in black. - Inside, Sire."
That car is nothing but a damn tank.
You know how to shoot craps?
Get the shit off the table.
"He kept putting his hairy freaking mitts on my shoulders, going on about my good heart."
I can't take this shit no more.
"How do they fit the damned composition?"" she insisted, trying to make sense of the supernatural in perhaps not too different a way from that in which she made sense of the world by reducing it to ordered images on Masonite."
"He had to make sure that she died, but he must avoid any blow to the head."
"Please, shoot."
And you know what the shit of it is?
How are we gonna get past the damn dog?
Why would mike wanna kill me?
You're a liar.
"All right, you're not a bad liar."
In his apartment the whole damn evening!
You got balls.
"And get your butts to school, you hear?"
"Yeah, at least he's not some 40-year-old psycho."
"I warned you about this, I warned you at the very fucking start."
Fuck off home?
"Stupid, my own fault entirely."
"""Nervous as a whore in church."""
My worst fuckin' nightmare.
Satan has become an embarrassment to our progressive views.
We could never finish it because the a4 key was fucked up.
"It was only the dumb instinctive wisdom of the beast who licks his hurt companion to comfort him, and yet in that wisdom Ged saw something akin to his own power, something that went as deep as wizardry."
what the hell is wrong with you?
Is that what your sarge taught you out in the jungle... along with how to cut gook tits off and make moccasins out of them in 20 seconds?
She just shoved her hand inside your chest!
Shoot. You're shrunken down to the size of nickels and dropped to the bottom of a blender.
It's like a bloody big bomb.
"Last night, I had sex with Paula, and neither of us was wearing a walkman."
We shall execute her in front of her people.
I'm gonna go hit the poop deck.
I'm taking a caravan of whores up to Korti next week.
It's crap. It's all a game.
"Hey, gangster. You gonna help me carry these?"
Russians made the lives of my ancestors so miserable that they chose to live beside a malarial swamp in Palestine instead.
I'm fucking a cadet. Remember?
I will earn your gratitude today or die trying.
"""Stinky, even you would volunteer, fat and lazy as you are -- if Baslim asked for volunteers."""
"In most stories, the one that’s there first is always the one who gets the credit, even if the first story is full of holes and bullshit."
"That lioness, as I have said before, was a veritable devil."
Just like a piece of ass?
"Well, they kill and eat a virgin on the night of the full moon."
The shit hits the fan. ...of criminal activities on a global scale.
How 'bout you mind your own freakin' business and stay out of my life?
"Playing petting zoo, trying to get a fucking staph infection?"
The only piece of metal those bitches should be allowed to carry is a frying pan!
"So when animals attack, you attack back, then kill the guy who trained them to attack."
"Shit, this was a bad idea."
So... You'd be a sucker to leave such a job...
"What the shit, Dewey?"
What the hell do you mean?
'cause this garbage ain't gonna fly with me.
But he should get to die for a reason
And I want for everyone to see I am the best damn survivor that has ever been.
Later. We need that satellite to find Behrooz Araz before they kill him.
Tell me this isn't just you killing time until you find out if your cancer's gonna kill it for you.
Forget this bum.
"What if someone says ""Bridget Jones, get out of here, you are ridiculous""?"
I'm not talking about trying to fucking kill somebody.
"Are you her lap dog, Ray?"
I should've ended him a long time ago.
"What the fuckyou talking about, demons?"
"""I am Frike,"" the lame hunchback replied."
"I just hope they find the killer, and chop his balls off."
Get off him!
"""Damn you, if you're not there--"""
I mean... how desperate they must be to go there and kill themselves?
This be wot thee gets for making a soft treaty with the scum.”
"“Holy shit,” Cynthia murmured in a low voice."
Stop being retarded.
"Which would give you a strong motive to kill them both, wouldn't it?"
"""We can't afford to lose ten submachine guns."" -Asshole!"
Shall we go to New York and search the phone book for Don fucking Corleone?
Mama's gonna raise hell.
Is this fucking Chelios?
I know what time is goddamn it. Just do it.
"They think there's going to be action, their brains drop to their shorts and their hands are like an octopus."
But you'd better move your asses.
"You got a shitty deal, Oren, you know that?"
You didn't care about fucking Frankie!
"You're not fit to lead anymore, so I'm gonna remove you."
"What the hell is this place, Dr Weir?"
Hey. One of your asshole League of Extraordinary Shitsippers just took a swing at Ryan Fitzpatrick.
I fuckin' pissed myself.
Do you remember for one fucking second who I am?
Shite. - It's the wedding tomorrow.
"Kiss me, maybe I’il turn back into a frog."
"He did something to help a patient of mine, and, um, it was against hospital protocol and... it's come back to bite him on the ass."
He isn't smart enough to be a plant.
The man is a savage.
"But if you could've heard all the stuff she just told me in the shower, you would realize she is all the way out of her entire damn mind."
Drop your gun or he'll cut her throat.
"""me against the world"" bullshit."
"And in the ten seconds since, public opinion of my client has gone down even further. She's a murderer."
Shut your mouth.
I'd kind of like to see the little shit again.
That's our naked floor.
We want off this fucking island.
You're going to risk your life for this white bitch?
Bloody disgrace.
I'm not going to go through my poo to find a stupid tooth.
We're gettin' the fuck outta here.
I guess it's time for that damn cubby hole.
"Cyrus may not be able to kill, but he's an accessory to murder."
"""I did not want to kill you--only the camels,"" he said through his set teeth."
"Bullshit! You work for me, God damn it! You have to do what I say, Ray."
"Home, crappy home."
Everyone who goes for a shower is dead.
Chickens Pigs Pigeons
"What the fuck you doing in my neighborhood, boy?"
I smell the devil.
The goddam Kennedy assassination!
My friend's a mobster.
"She used to come in here, sit up at the bar and shit."
Your brother's a crazy person.
"Hey, and tell that runt brother of yours to stay the hell away"
"There's a good toy down there, and he's gonna be blown to bits in a few minutes."
Why the hell would one of my guards be so interested in my sword?
Do you think I'm fucking stupid?
Thanks to your shitty cars and your shitty roads And your lame excuse for a country.
A disgusting disappointment.
"Yeah, I'm fucking nuts."
First way involves you trying to kick the shit out of me.
You killed my butler.
"So she handed the package back again: Here, fool mahe, you take it."
You think I'm afraidof the fucking consequences?
Would you please shut up?
The kind of man who spreads misery to everything he touches.
"She will die, As will your partner, marco."
"""You're a poor liar, Julio."""
Nobody. Shut up
You and I both know that the CIA would never have allowed me - to convene the Alliance... - You're damn right.
"You almost shot me, you son of a bitch!"
I'm not afraid to die.
Opie get picked up on the Hefner shit?
It's not fucking disgusting. >
I'm gonna need a bigger garbage bag.
Nigeria lagos
"I'm not here shoveling shit, but, Dad, I'm doing my share."
Fighting the damn war was a hell of lot easier than this.
"Oh, this one, what nonsense."
That guy thinks he's the galaxy's dick.
Saliva shot onto your body.
basshunter enrique iglesias kama sutra nude hentai power rangers mistic forse xxx jonas brothers sex scenes pamela anderson sex video akon bb8 big brother wwe linkin park 2girls1cup hanah montana sexy girls amnesia ibiza orgasm
"I just want you to stop saying odd shit, like you smell a psycho's fear or you're in someone's faded memory of a town."
He shot him in the back.
"I'm changing her, and I'm burping her."
"Look, you didn't even have sex with him, okay? You're fine."
"You have a cruel mind, Jack Sparrow."
He was on the chip on foster's nipple ring.
"Get off me, get off me!"
"I'm just making a point here that people naturally assume that if a woman's strong and independent, she's gay."
"Your next clue's written on one of these balls, so start digging!"
"Yeah, I burned you with the panties again!"
"Did you forget, that you have to get out and kill Spirit?"
"Danny made a fist and shook it, but his putrid little brother only smiled."
"What the hell, bro?"
I was prostitute in moscow.
"He jumped up, intending to slap her silly."
"Just like fucking Saigon, eh, Slick?"
"He's a dead 'un, sir."
You know what else has more germs than a toilet? Your mouth.
A lot of fucking money there.
"If I wanted my face covered in lies, I would still be in porn."
"Yeah, did you see thoseSleestaks kick the crap out of Enik?"
"Allow me to assist you instead of beat you senseless, like some cops would."
"I'm in hate. I hate Sarah, because she was a tart to your mumbo jumbo."
It's junk science.
You think you and this rabble can frighten me?
"I mean, there's all these wires and shit down there."
Captain Nokes got a filthy mouth.
Monitors.
I don't like you anymore.
He is a drunk.
No. He just seems gay.
I can't believe I've just had sex with you.
What the hell was that?
New World Order scum!
Pull your tongue out through it.
"I'm not saying it was right, but everybody made such a goddamn big deal out of it."
I hope she screws him right in front of you.
You haven't paid us for three fuckin' weeks.
Two big clown-spots of color now burned in his pallid face.
I wanted to apologize for being stupid. She also has to see this letter.
He had a dick so big it'd choke a donkey.
I think my parents would be happy if their freak son Happy if their freak son disappeared.
Why the hell are these things coming after me?
When was the last time you jerked off to a girl because she was a hard worker?
"""Don't be ridiculous,"" she snorted."
You've got to be fucking joking.
"When I go to bed at night, I see men hovering over me with their naked asses in my face."
"I thought you niggas were in Jamaica, on a beach, drinking martinis."
Let me shut it up tight.
It's hard to have sympathy for them when they want to kill me.
Master thieves who practice the long con live separate lives as civilians.
I was stupid for thinking you could possibly miss me.
How can they look up to these pathetic politicians?
"It says, ""hey, asshole, we're from harvard. What do you think about this spooky, depressing barn and this rotted-out tree? """
Your advice sucked.
"All right, screw the lawyer. I..."
"""Yes, shit,"" the woman said."
"TBI will promote cancers, kill her digestive tract."
"I don't really give a shit about him, but I suspect you know where he lives, don't you?"
We blacks are at war with America and its friends
"( laughs ) ah, your video was dope, dog."
Terry's masterpiece is a piece of junk.
A great king or emperor is almost inevitably succeeded by a hopeless incompetent.'
I pictured Messinger across the street with a bolt-action sniper rifle with a l0x scope trained so he could blow my head off the minute I stirred.
How in the hell can he be AWOL if he's getting out today?
"So, we'd both fuck Elvis."
"Her trachea, throat and lungs must be burnt away - liquid oxygen corrodes flesh more effectively than strong acids."
The most common side effect is a decrease in the amount of semen released during sex.
Poison and a message in lipstick says this murder was done by a woman.
The damn walls.
What did you say?You bastard!
That will prove I'm over Joe because I fuck somebody?!
So the problem's in her brain.
I told you I'm trying to make that shit up to you.
"You better get your own fuckin' army, pal!"
The first book is a story about a sucker.
"You should give him one extencillin a week and let him fuck himself. Sorry, I have none."
"Ricky, before you even say anything, I need you to know that thug-gangta-player bullshit is over for me."
You're all dead... ...because you don't know howto fire weapons on semiautomatic.
Is everybody fucking everybody in this town?
"To be honest, I don't even remember how the fuck we picked"
"With style and panache, and a cold eye for the kill."
"Honestly, mate, do not get that shit in your eye."
I'll have his ass shuffling papers for a while till he learns to cool down a little bit.
All he wanted was to see her crawl.
Get the fuck out of my way!
Come on. They'd have to kill me to get me out of the cage.
We're just having sex so we don't fight anymore.
"We are not gonna kill him ... and i, his daughter, will get some money"
What's that filthy stink?
You think I'm going to let you fuck with that?
He ran his fingers down into the space between her legs and worked his middle fingers under the fabric to touch her other hole.
"We go see indigo Girls, sing along with chorus, hold hands with lesbians."
Please don't have a wank over my mum.
"Damn, now a good time to do something."
"Winston Smith looked blandly back at him, and to Ralph his calm yellow gaze seemed to say, Yes, that's right, He's a fool, but he's my fool."
I want to be in hotel rooms... and hooker bars...
Second stupidest.
"Damn! Sorry, what was that?"
"Mrs Rogers knocked him silly, and you finished him off."
You look fucked.
"The priest says, ""Not a damn thing if the man can't fight."""
"By recreating the night the poltergasm was born but changing the outcome, it will expel the foul horny spirit from this family."
Why don't you ask her if you can shine it between her legs?
"This town has it so ass-backwards, I cannot..."
I'm confused. Why would he do that? Did he want to have sex with you?
"""lf you were not a bride, I should kiss you goodbye. """
"I can only say, ""Wow! That kind of sucks that he was raised ""and he grew up and he thought that he had to do this"
"What? - Hit man, thug, convict, tough guy... ...Joey Ferrini could play them all."
"If we land this whale, we feast on the blubber until we land the next one; feast on that blubber, sell the ivory till we land the next one and the next one, and so on, and so ad in-fucking-nitum until we get some fat; acquire some blubber of our own."
"And, uh, while most people would assume that the death of a big-time asshole like Felix would be a cause for celebration, we know better."
Hell give you whatever you want!
"I know, I was there, I was the one working on your stupid knee."
"""Damn it!"""
What the hell...?
Killing her would be a mercy.
"Pig, get your brother, man!"
"You blind fool, she loves you!"
"He doesn't want to speak to George, you idiot!"
"You know, those damn books that JoJo loves to barbecue."
Excuse my horrible face.
He'd probably shoot his foot off.
If money had to be clean before it was recirculated... we'd still be living in fucking caves.
"Yeah, well, you'il be making Jenny miserable soon enough."
"Well, I'm not the one who put a thermometer in his rectum."
"No, fuck Phil."
"Oh, look. There's your poop from the other universe."
Where's that fucking guy buy his shoes?
We think Costello's got a rat in the State Police.
Block him!
"We're supposed to open up because you were an ugly, bald-headed little girl who took an hour to finish a sentence?"
and killing your own Marines.
You put glue on the factory director's penis?
Keep your fucking voice down.
"He's gonna-he's gonna crawl into Carl's office Like-like, on his belly like a fucking snake. He's gonna end up confessing."
Eventually she’il die.
"Be careful, you clumsy brutes!"
"Honey, I'm just trying to prepare you for the reality, and believe me, you are gonna love all the poop."
"White knight syndrome is great when you're being showered with gifts, but that shit can turn dark real quick, man."
I killed him because he got over a few lucky punches?
"You keep fucking saying that, man, but you don't get it."
We're gonna get bloody on this one.
All they have to do is run down the damn corridor.
Everyone seems to understand I had this baby for my sister except my boobs.
You brutalize him.
How stupid do we look?
"You are a fricking genius, Lloyd!"
"""Get moving might"" actually be a good slogan for this damn thing."
Not unless Chili was murdered by a double cheeseburger.
So I hit him in the head with a bat.
"If you didn't grab him, he was gonna kill me."
You all get off my block before I call the police on your asses again.
"Dammit, he doesn't even know how much that thing is REALLY worth."
"She dropped to her knees before him, pushing her cheek against his swollen penis."
I could damage you.
Damn! There is no way to know how many others will be affected.
Riot
"Well, the official school position... ...is that we prepare youfor safe sex now."
I left the back door unlocked for your ass... to go out the back into the garage.
Name one actor on TV playing a heterosexual that isn't gay.
Fuck!
What the hell you think's gonna happen?
J-Bone'll shit if he hears you.
Then I pray the pit of snakes awaits you in the Seven Hells!'
Newton created a neural bridge from garbage and Drifted with a Kaiju.
I fucking hate Parade.
Does anal...
"She's a piece of ass, is what she is."
"You should also sleep, brat."
We'd all be dead by then.
Someone's going to think I raised a pussy.
You're a fraud. - You want false hope or not?
You're racist. I can't even do it in the shower.
"Mortgages. I wouldn't be surprised if this weren't the act of a crazed, jealous lover. (SOBBING)"
You're the problem with America.
"There was a girl in the parking lot, and they were gonna shoot her with a gun."
Sucking them dry. screaming black thing with horror and loathing.
"Yeah, they're all chickens."
"Relationships, husbands, wives, parents, all that shit."
"Why, man, there are horrors in store for that little white body of hers!"""
And you're the most selfish... Daniel!
And I will be appending all of my objections right on the fucking order.
Fucking stress is killing him.
Fucks them on street corners or in the back of his car.
What? What's the fucking joke?
"I thought Dave's science-fiction novel, or whatever it was... was stupid and sucked... and was a waste of time."
"What the fuck, Gary?"
"What is this, the shitting forecast? ...hopefully that will strike another blow... ...in the war against preventable diseases."
"""Oh, shut up about him!"" said Martino, the redhead, without taking his eyes off mine."
"Take that damn shirt off, Johnny!"
"Why the hell would I want to live with some dude's ho and his wack kid, when I can be living on my own, doing my thing, nobody telling me what to do?"
"You were supposed to help me quit smoking, not start touching my junk in public."
My legs are shaved like a little girl.
Get off her!
'and they're rubbish compared to you. '
They'il eat themselves to death.
It was foolish of them to have allowed him to regain his magic.
"Only wear it because, nothing attracts a gay guy faster than a wedding ring."
"Rats, lots of rats, running and squeaking in the walls around us, under us, over us."
I'd raze the whole of St. Mark's.
She's cheating on you with a circus freak!
"What aileth you?"" said Dick."
"Then maybe, maybe you can call me in 20 years when you've fucking lost your hair and you've come to your senses."
"It doesn't mean shit to me anymore, you know that?."
"Our administrators only do what's good for them, no matter how many people go to those goddamn meetings, they should call it collective ball scratching."
We must start to use our brains.
"""Sluts. "" I wrote it down, all right?"
"It's on. Who's got two thumbs, was the Brooklyn college intramural ping-pong champion, and also could give a rat's ass?"
One of those women we hate who just works until she gets married.
I should've been on that damn plane.
I can't get close enough to Slade to hit him with the cure.
We are damn short of ammunition.
You still want to bullshit me?
Dump the body in the Tiber.
She is jealous woman.
"First, these are the peoplewho make the vaccines that make our kids sick... and then they're the goddamn gatekeepers of the ones who get better?"
No more free ass!
What are these people going to think when they find out that some guy wants to kill twelve more of them?
I thought they were supposed to be dirt-poor.
Stay and hang.
How many times I tell you not to lay your hands on my shit?
"God said to Abraham, ´´Kill me a son.´´"
It's a pathetic emotion.
We figured they were dirty.
Shit! Don't call him again.
"You're just gonna shut up and like it, and that goes for both of you."
"Okay, I figured out what we need to reattach that damn landing module."
"He's a nuisance,he's an annoyance but he's not a threat."
"Holy crap, I can't believe this is actually happening."
"What the hell? Sarah, you all right?"
Goddamn. boy. you're as big as a mountain!
Let's see if we can jump-start this sucker.
Why go at all? I studied law 'cause I wanted to learn... how completely full of shit your life's ambition was.
I killed a baby.
I can't keep wanking like this.
You sound like a woman who's about to have a root canal.
Don't fucking touch the rifle!
Into the land of trouble and anguish come the old lions... ...and they shall carry their richeson the shoulders of young asses... ...to a people that shall not profit them.
What the hell are you talking about?
I need to feel him inside of me.
Do you have any idea how much it sucks to have your girlfriend say Danny's name in bed?
"""Let's get some beers and barbeque and be stupid."""
You're shitting me!
What the hell did you do that for?
"You ain't nothing but a hound dog! ""dances with wolves."""
They are insufferable bores.
I saw you shaking all across the street and shit.
"having their mouth and eyes in their breasts."""
"Because if you want to know, in my mind, nothing's ever vulgar with you, pussy dear."
"So tonight I figured the dumb fuck might come back, and sure enough, there he is."
"If you take a picture of the act of sex, or of a woman's naked body, -"
"Maybe he's some sort of thief, follows rich people back from the bank and robs 'em."
"And, it just sucks. Now I live with Mr. Cyr, like a teacher."
Bloody Nora!
I think we should set this thing on fire and run.
With a hammer in the face!
I just put the rubbish out.
"Listen, morons. In California, it counts as armed robbery if people even think you have a gun."
How many times did you take a bullet for me?
"One of the main reasons baseball is dying is that, with the exception of Cal Ripken and a handful of others, the best players are louts."
"'Cause in spite of everything you've done, there's some sick, sick part of me that can't bear to see you suffer."
"And although, he's certain to die."
That loser again?
13 ASSASSINS
"You know, I may not talk Italian, but I know what stupido means."
"“The line-boss was white, but a drunk and a man known to speak foul language to decent women."
It provides services to needy... strippers.
Tell me you gambled the fuckin` money... l'il give you the fuckin` money to put the fuckin` heat on!
"And he could meet Joe Enders, the guy who watched over Daddy's scrawny ass."
Get the hell out!
I-I don't know what the fuck that is.
I wanted a closer look at the jerk who insulted me on the street.
They're homeless. Runaways.
Iceberg. Another damn Jew!
"""Hank, you really are nuts."
Somebody give me a goddamn status report.
"Oh, shut up!"
Can you hook a nigger up with $10 then 'til tomorrow?
"No more shit, all right?"
"Of course, if history is any indication, my mother will swallow her whole and spit out her bones like an owl."
Open this. And shut up.
Would you fuck us then?
"Well, I remember talking to your pops in this same room. He said that same shit."
I can get a goddamn horse for $50!
Lecter's monster ego.
"We're gonna stop at Fairway on the way home, and I'm going to make you a homemade stir-fry and Tofutti sundaes, and we're gonna watch a movie that will shrivel your young brain."
Right. I want a good dirty fight.
Just on that scum troll's head.
"Just busting your chops, boss."
That is a good God damn man in that bank.
"And shit, this is my cousin."
Or else everyone in Haven dies.
"Shit. Oh, my God!"
"We both know Dastan was many things, but not a coward."
"The two things he had been worried about when today's shindig started were the city sales tax, which he collected for the first two caskets but hadn't reported, and the fact that he'd cooked his books so that the ten grand cash he took from Novack didn't appear anywhere as income. If the IRS found out, they'd create seventeen kinds of shit from that."
He realized that he had just made a fool of himself and he was not sure if he were more embarrassed or hurt by their amusement.
We're both fucked.
What the hell is wrong with you man?
It's a filthy raccoon.
We killed Sha'ik - I would swear to it.
Men want what they've never had. And the Dothraki take slaves like a hound takes a bitch.
I'm sorry. What's that magic land you live in where kids aren't dicks?
"Your scars, your talent. The fact that I own a piece-of-crap bar... ...and you accept that that's all I'm gonna do. Okay, this sucks."
"As the school motto goes... ""If you don't snort it, suck it."""
He killed my mom and got away with it.
Go buy your own whenever you wanna drink. Shut up.
"We are trying to save you, damn it!"
"Bury his body at the bottom of Loch Ness. - -Yes, sir."
"We had the sex talk yesterday, man."
The humans infest the provinces.
"No matter what colour he was, he was a bully."
Odors assailed him -- disgusting odors.
He's not in this shit.
"Do you understand what the fuck I’m saying? Yeah, woman."
"He was certain he was anorectic, because every time he looked in a mirror he saw a fat man."
Throw up a hook.
Gay! Drink! Drink!
"Junior, this hellhole really more comfortable than your own bed?"
"Pound him, kung fu legend, puncher of evil!"
You want me to shoot you?
I look like hell.
"Get your hands off me, you bully!"
"Whatever you say, but don't blame me if you get your throat cut."
What the hell do you call that?
"If you don't like it, too fucking bad, okay?"
"I'm gonna count to three, then I'm gonna shoot you. Where the fuck is he?"
When did the world go so fucking insane?
What happened to not having sex with Vivica?
What the hell did you do to me?
"Either I leave, or there will be a massacre you'll never fucking forget."
And slaughter!
"A guy goes nuts, he ain't got nobody."
Else he'll die... he'll die...
"I can't have the arsehole, can I, boys?"
"Santana, you're all bones."
"I said ""shoot it again,""but I said it pirate-like."
You fucking listening?!
"""We could try to shoot her as she flies past;"" Gilthanas said."
I want you to go up with Beagle and teach him how to shoot. Why me?
And it means a lot that you're standing here apologizing with your dad and lovely mother. Fat Jew!
"Second week, you hate my guts."
"Dammit, what's his name?"
"Motherfucker, you look 30."
Why I'm just a dumb kid! What can I do?
Do you really want to slap Barney so bad that you would lie about being in love with me?
Three billion red Chinese don't give a damn.
She gave a tremendous jerk and this time Paul was thrown off.
I'm gonna gas it.
"They'il goof off, egg your car, cut class, break into your car, throw spitballs, put an alligator in your car..."
A fat guy who stuffed himself constantly cheeseburger with fries in it.
Take your time ! and hope her memory was fucked.
They hate Maroni even more than I... Shut up.
What the hell's that?
I can't believe you've got in a state like this over a stupid man.
I told you I don't know anything about any fucking setup.
So you're after some sex tips from a far more experienced lover!
New Crap?
You little shit.
How about tell me that you've got crazy crap climbing those walls?
We've alerted the bank in Port of Spain. Simplest option is to let her hang herself there.
I said puss is make me the most guilty.
A car this nice you should lock. - Who the fuck are you?!
"I would drink goat urine, as I thought it would help."
"Fuck, take Jesse’s. The guy's a millionaire."
"Wakes up this morning, in bed with the fucking Hearst combine... knowing he's got us by the balls."
"Answer the phone, dummy."
"Okay, for all I know, my best friend is gonna die."
I heard you tell that old boy move and he'd get shot.
"Stop, you wench!"
The guy never leaves his frigging hospital.
He'll bite the shit out of you.
You know all this bullshit we're talking about not seeing each other again?
Get off me!
"Catch him, I will toss him."
Whoa! Don't you ever touch my wife again!
"Well, this sucks, 'Cause before we'd just kind of Hang out, you know?"
Drives her crazy.
"On Pavuvu, it was just the fucking fact I was on Pavuvu."
"I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even though he is crazy."
"Who's his conscience anyway? Me or that, that hoodlum Lampwick?"
Right under the article on the dirty cops.
"Hold on, I gotta kick it from the other side."
Yes. you look like catwoman.
That does not necessarily mean that the idiot’s solution makes sense.
We're gonna knock out the walls.
"""There's enough shit in here to fuck Cohaagen good — and that's what I'm planning to do."
"Shit, they don't even push one of them no more."
God. I'm a horrible person.
"Angela was a God-awfully insensitive woman, with no feeling for what smallness meant to Newt."
It's dark and we have to sleep with the pig.
"No, asshole, I didn't forget the steaks."
"If I tell you I see something, you can piss on a fire--"
"We could've been having sex, but you never made the move."
"# Sweet bleeding Christ, she fucking jumps the train! #"
"Come on, Demon! Try that shit on somebody who's already dead!"
"Emma likes her crazy on the outside, not the inside."
You don't have evidence to prove a single damn thing.
And I sure as shit don't need you to remind me about what happened here.
"At the end, he was only a puppet, an expendable puppet."
Fuck's sake. We've already had three bifters.
I've killed Tian Nan 3 Tigers years ago ...for avenging your mother's death
"The girl is sadly crazy,... ..but perhaps that's why he loves her."
"If it wasn't for us, you'd never have this office and all this other crap!"
"If I perish from heat exhaustion, Bury me in a stone tomb, standing up. With a piece of broken gold."
I invited you. And there's nothing hypocritical about recognizing your heritage.
I'm just going to be a goddamn joke forever.
Wouldn't be the first wicked stepmother to try and kill her stepchildren.
You're the one fucking talking.
You haven't got the slightest fucking idea.
"And tomorrow, one ofyou is going to be a loser."
"My hero. God, all that Hollywood talk bores me silly."
"In conscience, you cannot cite our agreement. - You're the one who shot me."
"Ohh, I've bounced so many balls off those big teeth."
"Sir, I recommend we fire photon torpedoes into their field."
What the fuck does that mean?
–Shit. –We meet again.
"Now, your option two... really, your only option... is to hit them right there."
Dirty bomb loose in dc?
"Well, if that doesn't make the little shit declare war, I don't know what will."
I nearly punched you.
I can hit her on her cell.
"The important thing is that I have to get the fuck out of here right away, she thought, and suddenly she shuddered."
"The attorney left without saying a word, and when the door closed behind him McMahon said, “This better be pretty fucking good.”"
"If you took a woman now, you'd come apart like an old sack."
"I mean, he really bought all that patriotic ""I Want You"" crap."
"If that were true, I wouldn't love Paul, I'd hate him."
I'm not talking about no cartoon shit. The real deal!
"Yeah, them are good, too. - Hell, yeah, they're good. Fuck."
"If Carmen finds out Avery's pregnant, she'il use it to destroy her."
"Oh, shit. Little Big Horn was not representative of... encounters between Whites and Indians, Mr. Crabb."
"No, you don't fucking like me."
"The bad news, everyone, is, the beast reproduces asexually."
That nut-job vigilante who attacked me.
Nobody's gonna fuck me this time.
"Oh, my god. this is gonna kill edie."
Brother finds you so that we can help him. for he kills.
Did you fuck-- Are you kidding me?.
"We're not gonna put up with this shit, we're gonna go downtown on it."
He chopped up those gamblers.
That looks like a fucking puzzle.
You're killin' me.
And there's not a damn thing you can do to stop me.
"And when all this is over, if you and I are still alive, you investigate your ass off."
Damn shame how they screwed up your show.
"Now, only another witch could have spelled it for him."
He said it was called a butt.
Why don't you let us out of here so we can save your asses?
He was the scourge of all the Christians.
"Feeling a little foolish, he folded his last two fingers against his palm and extended the first two, thinking of a game they'd played as kids-rock breaks scissors, scissors cut paper, paper covers rock."
Loyal lapdog of the Prophetess!
"That's nice, Doctor, but my balls are gone. And I don't think your group discussions will help bring them back."
The question I'm asking you is: Where the fuck are we?
They look like the damn Tuskegee Institute out there.
"I'm nothing if I'm not liberal, but that limp-wristed hippie garbage needs to be nipped in the bud."
"Theydidn' t really turn into pigs, did they??"
"Just as he had predicted, the pathetic Zensunni came boiling out of their huts."
It'd be the endof the fucking human race.
You must've been pissed. Damn straight.
So you're the idiot who thinks he can order pork roast at 11 a.m.?
"You're killin' me, you know that?"
You gotno fuckin' guts?
"""Stop crying Eddie, cuz you can get the fuck out."""
"Oh, fuck, you're Cassie who went out with him, right? Really?"
"You got any tits, man?"
"How come... they know you're police when they hook up with you and they know you're police when they move in, and they know you're police when they decide to start a family with you, and all that shit is just fine until one day it ain't."
"Damn it, pe-- it just makes me so mad"
"""Pipiþele a crazy""!"
"No, I don't believe inany of that addiction crap."
"According to research, women with a higher testosterone level have sexual intercourse more often."
"Leave Dr. Hemlock alone, Faggot."
It's taken me a month to get across country in this piece of shit.
"And I'll bet that before we even get to where the store used to be, we're going to see one big fucking change in our environment."
She wouldn't get off my goddam lap.
He pulled a funny face and slit his throat with a knife-edged forefinger.
Lonely and despairing in this cursed house.
"My uncle's gonna get it, too, and die–"""
Then why are you always fucking condescending to me?
"Buy her flowers, girls are suckers for flowers."
"For that, this barn needed a pig."
Drunkard!
"If she croaks on me, I'm a fucking grease spot!"
"If you're gonna torture and mutilate someone, that's to cause pain to them."
I don't know what the hell they're still doing here.
"You came down here to avenge poor, old Luke, and he hated your guts."
"Small, dork?"
"Ali, Ali you're a cock-sucker Bonjour."
"No, he was a known... degenerate."
Now he hates my guts.
"That shit ain't funny, man."
They keep him in a box to remind future kids not to be so stupid.”
"It's only funny when you say mean shit, right?"
"Mr. Fleming, I don't know whyyou brought this thug with you, but he is unwelcome here."
"A little formaldehyde, okay, but she reeks of it."
You are incapable of love.
This man sells the greatest soup you've ever eaten... and he is the meanest man in America.
"His face was a damned skull, a yellowish pockmarked skull."
"I don't love those who fuck me, I hate them."
Never seen such a beating since someone stuck a banana in my pants... ...and turned a monkey loose.
"I mean, who the hell are you'?"
And I'd rather have you pissed off at me and alive than liking me and dead.
What the hell's going on?
"“Shoot,” Sally said."
"They nail me for the works, not just the people I did kill, but even Lucille and the girls that Roark and Kevin ate, and even Goldie."
They'il have better shit than this in Best Buy in 18 months.
Isn't our job to eliminate Danish informers and Nazis?
He's arming his fucking nukes!
"I was packinp christmas things, I know it's only october but it is so much shit I need to take out."
"Get the rope and tie him up, chuck."
What's this shit for?
"I can't cook worth crap, but..."
I've found you look a lot smarter asking questions than dumbly not answering them.
If you see my dad on the highway to hell
"Despite my warning, you continue to meet those bloody farmers!"
"Oh, shit."
It looks like a goddamn typhoon hit it.
"She never took a shower either, fuck."
You're the only two doctors immature enough to laugh at the name Vera Wang.
How the hell did you miss?!
Don't you fuck this one up.
I'm sorry. My bedside manner sucks on no sleep.
Your Toe Is Broken.
But the image sucked.
You can't blame Don Calogero: he'sso ugly that he keeps her hidden.
Yawara to the clavicle.
"My train is a damn dictatorship, and I'm the damn dictator!"
"Well, no offense, Judson, but you're... A bad mother."
How the fuck did you find out where I am?
I don't give a shit about the computers in Utah.
Get the fuck out of here!
My first day back at school isn't gonna be a giant festival of suck.
"Individually, they're harmless, but when they work together, they can be a real bitch."
I'll knock up your mother!
"No, it's easy to pick apart bad acting, shortsighted directing... ...and a moronic stringing together of words the studios term as prose."
What the fuck's going on here?
Destroy the Gorgonite enemy.
Andrew LaFollet was a madman.
What the fuck’s going on?
Turned out to be one of the other coaches... was a fuckin' metro intelligence cop.
"Who will be the best, will have the honor to kill first Dragon's in front of the village."
They'll tear your guts out.
Now cut me down...
"You afraid of big old Tigerland, Private Fuck-up?"
I'm just too old to start fucking things up now.
My girlfriend is still friends with another beautiful girl whom she used to have sex with.
I didn't spend my life getting groped by a bunch of drunks to wind up in a goddamn poorhouse.
What the fuck?
"Hold on. Shit, I'll call you back."
Forgive me if I don't eat your face.
The bitch is not taking my son from me!
Give me a fuckin' break!
"He knows we're seeing each other, And now he's on my ass about making something out of my life. ""man up."
I hate that little wooden puppet.
Everything! I took a certain amount money I'm not counting on this garbage.
"""Dick!"" (on the wall)"
Do you really think I'm a bitch?
That shit's romantic.
"That pathetic wretch, Riker?"
"Well, his throat is completely ripped open."
"""Later, hell."
It's a semen-drenched teddy bear.
As in what the fuck's up?
A woman shows a hint of sexual independence-- Shut up!
"Dude, what's your fucking problem?"
"For weeks, I tried breaking into this damn machine, until..."
"But if I was going to graduate from this shithole to my beach house, it would take a gun in one hand, a briefcase in the other and my best shit-eating grin."
"Cut the crap, Lemon. ok, I don't know what crazy plan you had for tonight, but I'm sure there was something devious going on."
Don't fucking lie to me.
Paul tell you about the shit?
I'm gonna be an asshole?
They say we can stop this damned virus.
He hangs out at my place because there's garbage there.
They suck the blood of anyone who didn't hitch a ride with them on the Mayflower.
You little cocksuckers got five seconds to get off my mountain!
What time do these pussies normally start?
I'll get you some stupid food.
And the life you stole from me. - Please don't kill me.
I just hope Russell kills him.
Do you want to stab him?
"""Bad fucking trip""?"
I don't talk to Separatist scum.
And here I thought being burned alive was my biggest fear.
Bet your ass!
"If you define mental illness as anyone who hears a voice talking to them, then anyone who has heard the voice of God is crazy."
It's poop!
Obviously a philanderer who trifles with unsuspecting women's hearts.
Goddamn it.
He's a goner.
Mattress is covered in piss stains. The sink is full of raw garbage.
"And because of some of that shit, I'm gonna... need to take off a couple days. Fine."
Kiss my ass!
"""So when the Russkies are off duty, there'll be some wandering around to get some fresh food instead of their canned crap."
Love seems far away We're so different from each other The only thing we have in common is being fools
You hate the sex scenes?
"You have no fucking idea how badly I wanted to drink it, but I didn't."
Will you shut up?
"I'm beginning to think that you can count yourself damn' lucky to have had even that much."""
We're with women all day and at night we jerk off.
You hooligans!
We were fucking virgins.
Maybe we knocked his brains loose.
I don't want her in the fucking movie.
If I don't drink while I'm working I'll fucking kill myself.
"He didn't kill that old white man by the river, if that's what you mean."
I'm fucking asking you something!
What letter does it fucking start with?
Maybe a few days in the stockade... would help change your rotten attitude.
You just punched me in the nose!
"""Goddamn Kevlar body armor,"" she said, stretching her long, loose-jointed body beneath the layers of bulletproof mesh."
"I ·on't knowwhat any ofthat shit means But it looks fucking cool as crap that, ·oesn't it? Look at that."
You shittin' me.
You damn going anywhere.
It didn't seem to be functioning on Ohniaka III when you felt pleasure in killing that Borg.
I told you not to move the fucking truck!
Terrifying man.
"Well, I need to kick ass if I'm gonna have a shot at an athletic scholarship."
I'm saying meet me at the frigging airport.
"My mind fuck, and it was terrible."
Just have Dwight punch you.
"My own daddy took me down to the river, kicked my ass, told me about the power and the glory."
Can you please get me the fuck out of here?
"Clegg, you got my shit?"
"If a baby can be slaughtered during the ritual, so much the better; for as everyone knows, this is the favorite sport of the Satanist!"
"I went to the principal and got his ass fired, and then when he called to yell at me for squealing on him, I recorded the call and sent a tape of it to his wife."
"What, all these poor bastards had the plague?"
"Perhaps he was afraid a white face would pop up inside the dark window, its grin showing a mouthful of filed cannibal teeth in a deadly ring."
Why can't he use the damn phone?
It's a cunt in here who just knicked Acko's car.
"Yeah, fuck off!"
I spit on their mama!
You gotta put your shit all over the place?
"One of them was this very Cuban-looking guy, and he kept breathing his stinking breath in my face while I gave him directions."
Fucking Ulises. Think she's got a friend for your bro?
"If you expect me to help out with the rent, you're in for a fuckin' surprise."
"I thought such people were animals, cannibals even."
But what did I expect from a screw-up like you?
And I'll bet the karma at Amber's house is just through the damn roof.
"For you, some crap the janitor threw at me after I fired him."
We'll start with Cunt Satan.
Now you've really killed him!
"I hated my job, and I was about to get my throat cut at the firm anyway."
Who gives a fuck what I like?
"Hell, you leave like this, you may never get your shot in the league again."
"With an atrocious accent, no doubt."
"Scarlett, you killed him."
It's just the sort of idiocy a Warden would come up with.
Burn Sparhawk in Bhelliom fire.
"Okay, what the hell."
"Yeah, it's gonna get fuckin' ugly."
"When you see Sibyl Vane, you will feel that the man who could wrong her would be a beast, a beast without a heart."
"I mean, yes, you have to kill Zuckerberg. But you gotta marry Bill."
"He thought his fluency in Chinese made him as brilliant as a nuclear physicist, as though 1,000,000,000 other people, including, no doubt, 1,000,000 morons, couldnt speak Chinese."
Taco trained our mom's dog to sniff out sex.
"I thought, 'Shit, ain't nothin' to this, I got enough Zithromax to put this on the run before sundown.'"
You know what kind of deep shit you'd be in if you did this.
There is nothing wrong with the British Army that a damn good swim won't cure.
Proof that there's a God out there that gives a crap about me personally?
My mother's had lots of orgasms. But she isn't happy.
"So, efficiently and good-naturedly, he exterminates Jews: he appreciates the music that plays in the background to pacify them; he advises the Jews not to forget their identification numbers as they go into the showers-many people, he tells them, forget their numbers, and take the wrong clothes when they come out of the showers."
Remove yourself from fucking sight.
"No, no. I think I've come up with a way to counter the parasite."
Yeah. The first thing I watched on it was a sad movie about a dead-end street where drunk guys struggle to find some meaning in their pathetic lives.
He's got his sandwich in one hand and a fuckin' head in the other!
Put him in the dungeon with the woman.
"Robert, your ruse is pathetic. Not really."
Haven't you finished that damn thing yet?
But she might shoot you.
Fucking tasteless.
Slip it in your mouth and it titillates your tongue.
"From the olden days, not a slutty dental hygienist."
"I never thought I'd hear myself say this... ...but for once, I wish I could meeta nice, sensitive guy... ...who wanted more than just sex."
"♪ Yum, yum, pigs, bum, pancakes blue... ♪"
Why don't you cut me loose and I'll open your meat shirt and show you your own heart.
"""I had hoped, when you came along, not to have to do it, to kill her myself."
What she need is a shit ton of Valtrex.
"Goddamn, it was beautiful."
Fucking awesome.
"But if you're gonna die a miserable, lingering death, pain-free is the way to do it."
"Come on, damn it!"
She said you can be quite a pain in the ass... and I shouldn't take it personal.
He ain't saying shit.
"Look, I'm just busting your balls."
An ordinary goddamn oak!
"This is a silly joke, no?"
I sent her a couple hundred bucks worth of roses and a kick-ass poem.
"No, it's a term you use. ""Screw you"" is a cop term."
All of a sudden a fucking light bulb went off in your head... and now you're realizing that you and me ain't good together?
"DICK: No, you can't jazz anything up."
Look what you've done... Fuck!
"""Gnolls dead, slashed and ripped."""
"""To kill."
"They've already tried to kill me twice tonight, and they're gonna try again the very first chance they get."
"Day and night I wanted to caress her... to kiss her lips, her breasts... to feel her body."
Miss Maxwell has a serious psychiatric condition.
You are more trouble than you are worth.
Right up until we'd sedate them and cut them open in the name of science.
"If you try to make me stay here any longer, my death will be on your hands.”"
Tell him we'll win the war with bullets.
"Daffy, old chum, how the heck..."
You two are so boring.
Uh...Shit.
"""your brain is so big, Larry Bird."""
He'll be dead in an arn.
"I do not want that a part of me ends up in the trash, with appendixes and abortions."
"Before kissing her, hed have to wash her."
Your Ignorant Fairy ?
I told a jury that I shot him dead.
All those boys are so violent!
He said if I don't give him the money he'll kill me.
"My father's sprawled out on the floor like fucking Screaming' Jay Hawkins,"
Bullet through the head.
"Sure, they'll talk your ear off about sisterhood while simultaneously stabbing you in the back and sleeping with your husband."
"Motherfucker, you owe me now, Mr. Big-time Shaft."
"""Madam,"" he said, with icy dignity, ""by your bull-headed stupidity you have endangered the lives of all of us."
He sprung the hatch to the passageway in time to see a groundpounder security slap Spud across the face with a lasgun butt.
And don't call me Hugo. Fuck.
You're about to die.
"""Trust unto God... and he shall direct your path. "" Shit."
Fucker. - What is it with Queens?
"""A pussy""?"
Negroes ain't got nothing to do with this.
"With the strength of a maniac, he knocked the husband aside, kicked him in the face, and rushed out of the tent into the sleeping camp."
You are decidedly not awesome.
Your shit isn't real.
Dumb people... and successful people... always live with blood on their hands?
Keep your hands up or I'd have to shoot you.
"Don't start that ""Mookie don't work"" shit."
That you pick up the fucking phone and call in. That was the worst thing I'd ever do. They were never off the phone.
Goddamn him.
That's the last bomb he's gonna blow up today!
So much of what passed for history on Trantor now reeked of misery.
"You hear that, bitch?"
"Now, we find a photo, stuck in goat shit, mind you, in a warehouse that's supposed to be full of drugs, and we think the guy in that photo is the guy who try to have him killed."
Don't fucking leave me here!
I hate you. Let him play with your friends.
"Our battle cry will be ""Total extermination of the Thals!"""
Someone blow out them goddamn candles.
Try to think of your poor little lolita all alone in the world.
You're not subtle and sometimes you're a pain in the ass.
Where's the goddamn billion-dollar invention?
I think that's this crazy girl I just ran into.
The fat little man was dangerous.
You wouldn't have been such a shitty parent... ...who can't remember the sandwiches... ...who can't get Kerry's bottle together!
From the Greek for... like... kickass! GILLETTE:
I've had more ass than you two put together.
I get fucking mad.
Fuck me. - Would have been more dramatic.
"Oh, and shooting guns."
Don't you dare try to hang this on her.
My personal shit.
Pack your shit!
"Boom, just explodes right in my fucking mouth."
But all those traitors will pay.
They won't stop until they burn the world down.
Haku could die while I' m just sitting here...
You're too big to be a thief.
It's day fucking six!
"Uh, don't ask, But the good news is, my mom is gonna slice us up a pumpkin."
"Your mouth is hanging off your ears, girl."
"It's a huge mess, but damn, is it cool!"
Stop being such a baby.
They'll all die!
I say we hit 'em.
And they kill my ears.
"You'll paint till you die, okay?"
Damn near burnt half the machinery before we got the fire out.
"Listen, you found your bitch cheating on you and you kill the guy, but not the bitch?"
You're notgonna take yourmen around into the jungle to avoid a goddamn fight!
He saw them screwing in his and Donna's bedroom.
"Why, this woman is not afraid to walk into the den of plague for our people."
And our ignorance promotes terrorism!
What kind of universe would give me the power to extract souls from people's bodies but still force me to keep a suck-ass job if I wanna eat.
We're going to die!
"I was a skinny, adopted kid who sucked at sports."
"But first, we're gonna die in a vacuum."
"He's a corpse, no matter who it is."
"We're gonna have a lot of fun' but more importantly, we're gonna make a lot of fucking money' okay? - Yeah."
Jacksonville's on the clock and I'm one more crazy shit-show from insanity.
"Look Steve's shit-head friend, Jim he married this freaking nympho band-geek, Michelle."
Wicked Men.
Not the stupid cat again.
"If not, I can't deal with this crap."
There's got to be at least one fat chick at the ice cream shop.
We could totally do it Without even having sex.
I jumped through a fucking window!
"I guess when it comes to hitting people in the head with a baseball bat, I'm..."
Just because you fucked more girls than me does not mean you're smarter.
"Yeah, well, I know all about your surveillance crap, Victor."
"You see, this is how crazy Batman's made Gotham."
They're a gruesome bunch that don't belong to any ninja school... ...who make assassination their business
Least of all things supposed in certain contingencies best known to you to look like jihadist dirty bombs.
Fucking tell me!
That has got to be the freakiest damn scarecrow I've ever seen.
All I know is that we've just lost 2 whole fucking days of work
"The damn thing had to be dead, but it kept on coming."
"Damn, dog. You good, ese?"
He'd stuck a revolver into his mouth... ...and fired.
Choked to death on his own vomit.
"As far as I know, just me, Madison, and whichever bitch friend Madison pranked with this."
Get off of me!
He falls asleep on the fucking couch.
Her house was littered... ...with satanic paraphernalia.
"Okay, Ed, another dollar in the queer jar."
"So, shit. It could be an immaculate conception."
Would you prefer I didn't enjoy sex?
"""Oh go bury your head in your sleeping bag, bring me a cup of that hot coffee."""
You are really saving my butt.
"This punk drug dealer offed a jack boy... ...and I talked him into ratting out Eddie, Tommy's brother."
Maybe you can talk him to death.
"Shit, partner, you should be payin' me a fee."
The wide crest of his cock massaging the bundle of nerves deep inside me that only he’d ever reached.
Please don't look at my sister like you wanna lick her face.
"And then he would rumple my hair the wrong way - which from my earliest remembrance, as already hinted, I have in my soul denied the right of any fellow-creature to do - and would hold me before him by the sleeve: a spectacle of imbecility only to be equalled by himself."
That's his fucking problem.
"Because unlike my father, I wasn't constantly telling you... what an annoying little waste of time you were... and believe me, I'm cleaning that up."
I dont think I'vve ever seena more beautiful piece of shit.
"'Get off, you big thoppy!'"
It ain't enough that I gotta think this whole shit through.
You have a pretty dangerous tumor on your adrenal gland.
Death by sex! You'll just be lying there and they'll be doing it to you and doing it to you until...
You want your mom at the altar screaming racial slurs?
So please... ...no hero shit.
"Fuck, come on!"
"“Of what?” he asked, bewildered, stuporous, but pleased with himself."
"And I don't mindtelling you, nigger, it's steady work."
What do I owe these damned people?
"Crap, he's running."
Ididn't kill my father.
Shit! We should just call Tina and forfeit:
There is no fucking money.
He's like a huge piсata.
And it only got worse when he got kidnapped and they erased his memory and-and he became a beast killer.
Now stand up... On your pathetic legs and walk!
Don't I fucking know it?
"So you make us drift apart, break us up, and then kill her?"
"Bombed the hell out of the Russians, the Yakuza went underground, Chinese heroin went up in flames."
"To blow him back like that, he should have a rifle."
I don't care what he says. He's a convict.
That was the stupidest-looking swing I've ever seen.
Males may be twice the size of a female and even she can have problems.
What the fuck are you doing here?
His queen and child will be taken alive.
I knew you were useless when you busted my glider
"Um, obviously not, because I don't date losers in chairs."
"If we are shit, then by all means let's behave like shit!'"
Don't have a wank over my mum.
Okay. The story could have happened anywhere. It's how they get kids to shit themselves.
What the hell you jabbering about now?
It's been more than five years now since your daddy was killed.
Maybe if I had one more shot.
"Jacob Grimm, you petulant child!"
Why are you so worried then if you think it's bullshit?
"Wow, you must feel pretty stupid."
Gonna be fucking creepy but awesome.
The fuck's going on?
"You must surrender, Doctor, or you will all be crushed to death."
He brings to thought a wild fuck I schooled when we yet called Batiatus's father Dominus.
I'm gonna do what the fuck I wanna do.
The trend of trafficking women to the EU for sexual exploitation continues.
Can you guys believe this shit?
"You're not a scholar, not even a student, only a zealot with no sense of reality."
And how the hell do we get him to do that?
"Oh, I can't wait to pork you here."
The first dude that got off the boat said that shit.
"False, because I have to go visit my stupid, dying grandparents in arizona for christmas."
"Lieutenant... you stink like a cop, even from far off."
Time was you could've made that shot with your eyes closed.
What the hell was going on in this nightmare?
"Damn,there's always a catch."
"Don't you ever say I'm your goddamn homie, Frenchie!"
"Burdened as you are by your primitive Klingon psyche, it is a wonder you are able to keep your violent thoughts under control as much as you do."
"Shit, you're a white girl. They gonna believe you."
Fuck you!
I've... never had sexual intercourse with anyone.
"You know, if you wanted to cheat on Carol with an Italian dude who smells like cigarettes, I've made it very clear I would flip over my futon for you."
I'm paying for his mistake. He can pay for the damn house.
"For Christ's sake ... - Well, he told the whole God-damned squadron."
Get off me!
Goddamn it!
If it wasn't Borowiecki... we could step on him lightly and he'd quickly die.
He'll be dead before he revives this old mummy!
Can you get the fuck off my car?
"John, besides, you're a terrible teacher."
They got my back against the wall And my dick is in the dust
I don't care if you're poison to my campaign.
"You know, if this is a trap, I promise you, you're gonna die."
The only person disgracing me is you.
"""Hi, Dig"" shit!"
"Bandy, you ever ask a stupid question like that again, you see Danny there?"
"I mean, if this doesn't go through, I'm screwed."
"I hear bullshit every day, pal."
I'm a loser.
"He was a stubborn bastard, I remember that."
Rats are alwaysthe first to leave a burning ship.
"Actually, I don't really give a shit."
"And you, you're not afraid of hell, you who are old?"
Keep your mouth shut and you'll walk out of here.
If I have any of that crap... it's because you brought it over to my house and left it there.
Where the hell did you get that kind of money?
I can't believe that worked. -Fuck.
"Why, hell. You guys can learn it next time when you come back."
"""Become kick-ass dads,"" on three."
Last time empty trash was run
"If she were human or Denobulan for that matter, she'd probably be dead."
I hear he can't even throw a knife no more without cutting himself up.
"If you're gonna do that shit, do it on stage."
Get off me!
"""Let's bust him,"" Beech said."
Otherwise her father will die
A German who's a registered pedophile. And a guy who's wife got 20 years for murder.
"So... you got a shitty deal, oren, you know that?"
Cut the crap! If we knew why they came after you We wouldn't have helped you
"Give them to me, and I give you the rat at your table."
Without my brain I'd just be (stammers)
We should have just blown up the drugs.
"I thought they had gone wild because of war... ...but now I see they're brutes, staining themselves and him."
"This morning he dumped her, and now she's dry-humping him on a hospital bed."
"""The Kennedy Center Salutes 50 Years of Stan's Ass."""
The Nazis will laugh their heads off.
What a skeezicks. I don't want any goddamn sardines!
I feared- I feared you dead.
"Cut me off a piece of that pie, one of you boys, to take the taste of that out of my mouth, or it'll choke me dead."""
"Forget about that damn wallet, OK?"
"We got a plane up there filled with killers, rapists and thieves and we got this guy Cameron Poe, in on an involuntary manslaughter beef."
Why is it when we realize something there's always flashes of lightning? Damn it.
The psycho heard us coming... ... and slashed his throat with a knife.
He's an evil dude.
It's off to the cinema the First Communion boys will go... to wallow in the disgusting filth... spewed across the world by the devil's henchmen... in Hollywood.
"That shit was cold, man."
And you're trying give me shit?
I'm gonna die.
"What is it with you Jews, anyway?"
You did fuckin' sell out.
"He got away, but we made it. Are you crazy?"
"""Why, you shitless coward . . ."" Blackthorne began, but stopped."
What the hell is this racket?
Damn the Silhouettes!
That does not make any fucking sense.
"I didn't need to, not to mention spending all of the damn money."
"Knock 'em off, Dutch."
"Goddamn it, what day is it?"
I will not fucking go in there!
I feel like such an asshole saying these things to a woman.
Please screw me!
"So, say sayonara to the car and hello, ridiculous insurance premium."
The guard grinned wolfishly as he stepped forward and thrust the gun barrel into Pitt's gut.
Shut up! - You can call my boss...
with that funny fat man.
"""What's eatin' you, Panhandle?"" ejaculated another."
Looks like Mr. Tarkey's a thief.
"Explain that to the scum of the spanish, mate."
And this is my new fag buddy.
The last time we were together you were n a coma... and you were very fucking rude to me.
Threw it in the garbage.
"I can't even get a damn drummer, let alone a whole band."
I'm not just his screwup son anymore.
Tell the silly horse to stop shaking its head.
Top three all time worst redheads:
"And then Will Smith started approaching with his dick and, like, wind started blowing in his face, and paper started flying everywhere and he just couldn't do it. And they're like, ""Come on, Will, get it in there!"""
"I believe you go to the den of the Big Bad Wolf, napalm the bejesus out of him, and make a coat from what's left."
The woman bit another doctor.
They'll snap your kid's head straight off.
"""It's foolish."
"The Mexican thief,the dirtycop?"
"""You long sock!"" ""'Cause your pants flutters when I'm beating you"""
What did I fuckin' tell you?
"Damn it, Rodney."
You have to look at me. - Damn!
"If you must know, Im not that interested in the damn money."
The fat will be in the fire when he learns the bride Just tried to murder the groom's ambassador.
It becomes about money and shit gets sloppy.
"You are in the heart of bachelor country, And as a woman, you are an illegal immigrant here."
He was excommunicated by the Pope... and cursed for his satanic ceremonies.
"You're just...infected, a virus... a sexually transmitted disease."
"Hey, look, he weighs about as much as a football, and people do like to kick him."
"Game over, dirtbag!"
It's a sucky holiday.
"Where the hell are you going, Hot Dog? Stay on me."
"But I've never been a big fan of the ass fucking, I, uh..."
You mind telling me what the hell is going on?!
"One of her thirty or forty eunuch husbands may have thrown a few snake eyes in Saigon and lost some of her well-advertised come-and-take-me cash, but nobody gave a shit then and nobody gives a shit now."
"Shit. Ladies and gentlemen, you've heard the evidence Ladies and gentlemen, you've heard the evidence and the arguments of counsel."
"Who now is as good as dead, once I put a price on his head."
They say it isn't fucking necessary for us to go to Berlin.
"No, I didn't see shit."
This is a fuckin' real leather couch.
"Nancy, you are going to get some sleep tonight if it kills me."
Hit me.
So who was the bitch antagonizing people?
"Just remember... I'll only tell you one time... don't fuck me, Tony."
"You psych that airhead Kaylie Cruz out, huh?"
"I hated butterscotch, was good at shit, liked to sew, was planning on giving Scott Buford a blowjob for his birthday but would have chickened out."
Her behind hurts.
"Stop your damn whining, Uncle Monty."
"Sylar is out there, and he's planning a slaughter."
Garion dashed to the fireplace and stood staring at it stupidly.
Natalie: Was there boos at the end? ...that was fucking brilliant.
"But if he finds a chance, he'll use a left spin kick to finish you off."
You will have to use the knife of Orokiah.
Banana saddle... sissy bar...
"What the fuckis ""it, it, it""?"
"He found him alone (Monsieur Canivet had left), sitting in an arm-chair near the window, staring with an idiotic look at the flags of the floor."
I can hear every word... ...about Damon the vampire gigolo.
"Let's wait for you torun titers on 1,400 viruses while this kid's brain turns to mush."
He/she cut the throat.
Normally both your asses would be dead as fuckin' fried chicken... but you happened to pull this shit while I'm in a transitional period... and I don't wanna kill you; I wanna help you.
She couldn't be crying over a dead pig.
"He handed the binoculars over, and no, he wasn't full of shit."
"You can't do this. You gotta stay strong, dummy!"
"My Lord, must we listen to this stuttering heretic?"
They'd be better off dead.
"Silent Bobstole the schematic of the stage... from some foolish carpenter and found a weakness, just like the fuckin' Death Star."
How's your mother? - Bad.
"In one of the cases, the one in Somerset, a dead man... identified as a 50 years old white male the victim of a drive by shooting yesterday sat up on an autopsy table and actually attacked Somerset medical examiners Thomas Maitland... - Horseshit."
Why don't you hit yourself over the head with a hammer... the instant you get up in the morning?
"How ridiculous, but the higher the office, the higher the level of paranoia."
I can finish off all of you. And I'll end up with all of the gold anyway.
And you... Stab me in the heart six times.
It is at the bottom of my crap container.
Billy found he was slimed in pig blood to the forearms.
"No, it was foolish."
I don't think a song written by a well-known drunken fornicator... is really appropriate for the holy sacrifice of the Mass.
They're going to put her on top of the fire truck.
Do you know what is like to have a knife hit your carotid?
That's it. Crawford has the whole damn government.
"Well, what the hell, I'm not doing anything."
My party is the shit!
Just like you: a mysophobic!
Dump him in a cab.
"Holy sh * *! ...for Racer Motors in the Mach 6,Speed Racer."
Fuck! What do you got?
"Then she gonna tell me she fucking got with Tyler last night, man."
Paranoid.
A blasphemer!
You're not here two hours and you're already out there fucking someone.
"Oh, Annie, screw him! There are guys out there that would kill to be with you."
"Dolores Claiborne, what the hell are you...."
I don't ever want to see you again.
"The children, who used to eat American fast food, now sort through its garbage."
T you killed.
The sentence is death.
I think I just shit my European-cut Speedos.
I'll show who the traitor is!
I've been busting my ass trying to keep you alive.
But you know how them niggers is out there.
What the hell kind of 12-year-old wants to be a dentist?
What the fuck took so long?
And one of you motherfuckers ain't coming out alive.
I had some fat sucked out of my neck waddle.
He has done nothing wrong. You should have thought of that before you decided to screw me.
They're gonna kill Spiderman with plutonium?
You ever have sex with blond cheerleader?
Then you should not entrust our fate to a bastard orphan
"I don't know if the marriage was lawful or not... ...but damn it, Thomas,look at these names."
"I say if it is, we prevent the Beast from killing it by killing it ourselves."
How I wen! to night school to pass the CPA exam because I was so burned out defending scumbags as a public defender?
Manager of this band of vagabonds
"Plea, guilty. Sentence, execution."
"Fuckin' hell, how does that happen?"
I said shut up!
This scum will be awake in a couple of hours...
Have I got time to go to the toilet before you shoot yourself?
"MacLeod said, ""We're going to look awfully damned foolish going back and claiming we all went mad at once."""
Is this the motherfucking thanks I get?
"Damn, it's you."
What are you doing messing around with my crap over there?
New york city is vagina holiday zone. .
"They call her Toxic Waste, but her name is Shelly."
It's my fault he died.
I don't wanna fucking talk about this.
Black. My neck is killing me.
"Ted, get the hell out of my office."
I don't know if I canfucking deal with them tonight.
"Goddamn it, they think I'm crazy!"
"If you stop, you die!"
"If she doesn't find the pot, ain't nobody getting shit!"
Worst guidance counselor ever.
"No, I'm not going to bust my ass every single day to go absolutely nowhere."
And so that I don't get bitter... ...and call you an ass for lying to us... ...I'm gonna have to figure out a way to forgive you.
You'll crush the fucking evidence.
No meeting with his gay assistant.
Stop drinking wine and eating soft cheese. You're pregnant. Damn it.
"And if you don't kill regina And keep her from her happy ending, Then everyone, including belle, will know, too."
"Shit, it's him. Lots of hot girls."
"Don't you ever, ever fucking go against us again."
You'd love that! You're pathetic!
"You are a fine chef, duncan."
Take that man down and put him in a cell...
You let a mass murderer feel your bosom.
My first wife was nothing but bones.
All the pussy was wide open and The whiskey was flowing.
Pecks make terrible nursemaids.
You think all gay women are just waiting for the right man to come along and turn them straight?
He pounded me like a mallard duck.
Thank you for not selling me to a psycho Fae socialite!
"You don't want to beat the shit out of me in front of my mother, do you?"
There must have been a couple of hundred of the dirty creatures in this place.
Damn! I'm too young.
"Oh, Mary, you kill me."
Because he's old and I'm sure his smeller is shot.
The last time we were together you were in a coma... and you were very fucking rude to me.
Working airport security with your dipshit friends isn't getting you closer to being a pilot.
"You look around, all these people are lined up for this shit."
"And the difference, the thing that had gone out of the stinking Mexican bandit, was greater than all Mexico."
"Um, so she's crazy?"
Think I'll devour you?
Burn Troy! It's a long way.
"I tried to get in to save her, but the damn door wouldn't open."
I got your dick hair all over my fucking face!
You're both animal people.
"You slept, ate and shit here for a month."
You're a fucking hero.
"Shit, yeah!"
"If she finds out who he is, she'll go nuts."
He was some fetish freak.
He had never come so close to screwed up.
"The Indians will get him, sir."
"Mm, I knew you didn't have it, bitch."
What a fucking suit!
No fucking helmets 'cause they're real men. See? Love you.
Priests are so wretched.
Come on. You tried to get him and didn't make it. - You liar!
Pele and - Who the shit is Kingsley Zissou?
"""Why, rest, you silly!"" retorted Bo."
"Yeah, but also, my parents don't know about this baby's father because they would fuck him."
"It's me, Ruthie. - Shit."
"Have eaten everything, they damned near stripped this island clean--Sylvia!"
"Thanks to you, he could die as a cop."
Cannot kill him.
"This one, real fucking ugly."
Shoot him!
Audrey and her dad are part of the same system that screwed us both.
Mock me all you want.
"He felt weak, washed-out as a sick man."
Just what in the hell do you think you're doing?
'But you're crazy to make us write who we think we are.
She knew damn well how sick he was.
"You shit at the bus station, you shower at the Y."
You're a monster. you stole your own brother's wife!
"That usually means doing things the long, hard, stupid way."
"Damn, why couldn’t they do trade conferences in Italy?"
I'm a bad-ass... from the wrong side of town.
Can't you let me enjoy thisfor five fucking minutes?
We suspect it has the names of dirty cops.
And I rather enjoyed the look on her face when she realized she was screwed.
He knew this Swiss banker from law school. That's for European pussy!
"Then seal yourself in a barrel, and fall off of the waterfall."
It sucks.
You swear to God? You crazy?
"Well, at least my boobs were born."
Till Dicks Do Us Part.
Damn you!
Shoot 4.
Drug-smuggling bad ass. Waiting for... ...don't know what. in the middle of... ...don't know where with a gun.
"She said he didn't want to do it at home because the kids were sleeping. –Why? –He's a nut, that's why."
You shave your junk with the door open.
You have a very impure spirit.
"Sorry about all the fucks, padre."
"Please. shut up. ** ""shepherd got your whole tumor out."""
Throw her a lifebelt and she'll pull you under.
"We've been overrun by the fucking comunistas, but that is another story."
"What the hell is ""that""?"
"I love him because he doesn't know how to kiss, the jerk."
I don't know what the fuck you're saying.
Sneaking back into the Buy More like some... vagrant Serpico.
"This goddamn job is the only thing I got left, and you just took it away from me!"
Somebody took your shit from the Laundromat?
What the hell is this?
Because this shit here says my luck is just fine.
The poor damn dog was down there alone.
"Come on, man. If you're gonna fool around with Christy Doyle, I want to bang her friends."
"Your backside's too used to fine wines and lazy horses, eh?"
Who needs plot when you have crazy American women running around
Somebody owes us a goddamn apology.
I'm having a fucking party at my pop's place tonight.
"Johnson, I like you, but fuck off."
Mr Pink sounds like Mr Pussy.
The kid's a klutz.
I got shit to assemble.
That would suck.
Ry Oyu handed the clavicle to Patricia.
Nobody will... screw me without being totally drunk.
Simon is untouchable! It is not the flow from dirty sewer rats!
"Well you know how they used to slaughter beefs, hit 'em right there with a maul... .. truss 'em up and slit their throats?"
"All I want is for future generations to just go, ""Fuck it, I've had enough, here's the truth."""
"It had taken him a little longer than he had expected to settle his Albany shit, get the truck, load the truck, and get rolling."
"If my idiot sons had any sense, we'd have a supermarket."
"Sorry I bashed your head in, buddy, but I had to."
"Father, who the fuck know?"
You're not a fucking soldier.
Speak or I will cut you down.'
You'il be a bitch when Carlito hires you for half what he paid me.
News has come to us that we have cowards in our own army who will not let us punish them.
"Come... let's get him back and then beat him up together,"
But if you were to eat a kilo of salt it would probably kill you.
We're gonna be in front of the whole damn division.
Mum's not down till the weekend and I'll be fucked if I'm doing my own laundry.
“A druggie brother and a crazy wife.”
It never goddamn ends.
Look at your neck.
Endless philosophizing in that dump...
Stupid idea.
Not the two fat ladies again.
"Oh, that's fucked up."
It was just some arseing around in Larry's kitchen.
They'll hunt me down like a fucking beast.
"By the term “people,” he said, it would be best to signify all citizens, but since among citizens children must be included, as well as idiots, malefactors, and women, perhaps it would be possible to arrive reasonably at a definition of the people as the better part of the citizens, though he himself at the moment did not consider it opportune to assert who actually belonged to that part."
"If you're stressing out about the nostril bit and you're not a cheap, whiny wuss, you can pay a little extra, and they just zap it out with a laser."
"Oh, darn, I forgot to go to the bank."
He just wants to screw with us.
"The blackfish are so dumb they'll bite anything, and when they're hooked and thrash around, it attracts other blackfish:"
Like you never took a free suck from Connie.
Killed in action.
"Now, I know you guys think I'm just some schmuck in Chicago, but I have 300 employees waiting on my word."
Kids slam the darndest doors.
You think you can fuck around solo?
And totally fuckin' naive.
"It was a foolish place to install a QAR, she thought, and she was not surprised when she didn't find one there, either."
You're a truant.
"You expect me to leave my kids with strangers, knock on doors get these people to trust you, and you're screwing me!"
She's had liposuction on her bum.
We do our fucking job. McPherson has not told the good news?
"I'll cut you down, master."
Mine is to be dead.
"Yesterday, you're buying me drinks, talking flirty shit about my nan. And now you're too busy'?"
Since you brought that bullshit tape in.
Don't fucking stare at me.
"I'm not a stupid woman, Mr. Powell."
"Dude, what the fuck?"
Do not you fuck me?
What the fuck is the matter with you?
"Off the top of my head, I'm gonna go with nuclear launch codes, Dick Cheney's soul on its way to the devil..."
Sprinkles is sick.
Sounds just like if someone would have been shaving the beard off the giant's dick.
"What the hell do you want from us, man?"
"Son, how did this porno crap get on my videos in my store?!"
"You pull a gun on your father, in front of your children and then you pack your shit and leave?"
All I know is I’m glad it’s dead.”
"Darling, if there were karma, I'd have been run over, shot, struck by lightning."
They don't know nothing about that shit up in new york.
"I hate the touch of your soft, foolish hands."
We've got to dump her.
You're damn straight.
What the hell am I doing here?
You out of your mind?
"Amy, I'm just saying, you know, you're kind of fucked up right now and you're not seeing clearly."
They don't know shit. They ain't got no family.
"They'll kill my career, those guys."
"A dirty great, big truck with teeth comin' at ya."
"He felt pathetic, and embarrassed about hiding."
"I've had enough of this brooding introvert shit, okay?"
Silly. Of course!
You little cheat.
Did anybody lose their secret CIA shit?
Borderline psychotic.
I need you like death.
"If you do, I will hang up and never bother you again."
This is a fucking disaster.
"Well, that beating I gave her is on your two heads."
"""As wax melteth before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God!"""
Would you like to have these poor suckers for parents?
That was a fucking Chicago landmark.
"Now it's a damned hole in the ground, 42 men and women are dead."
Tell him to get his ass over here!
You're a shit.
I just need to know that you got that monster in you... that does what he has to do.
"A woman is like an orchard. With no water, it dies."
I want you to get rid of all these people.
I had a girlfriend once who I used to like to masturbate to more than have sex with.
“The women polluted me.
"One of Guerrero's top lieutenants -- he lives here, and we're gonna fuck him up."
"Oh, I'd rather die on the rack than ask you such a personal question, but why would you?"
"You've been of great assistance, and I think I can speak for my superiors when I say we'll do our best to find and destroy the rest of these vermin."
"I died... so everyone else should die, too."
"Came over with my baby to my mom's house to help fix her disposal, and I find five dudes sitting in my living room waiting to tell me stories about their dicks."
You are kicking Victoria while she's down.
"When Truman nuked Japan, when Lincoln sent boys out to kill their cousins, you think they gave a shit about their approval rating?"
My diet shit.
"In a big ass house, way up in the hills."
"Dee, why do you give a shit that the waitress is getting married?"
Pbbbt! Traitor!
"You're gonna walk into some O.R., you're gonna get behind the wheel of a car... You're gonna kill someone, Amelia."
A fucking shitty exorcism.
"If I say this asshole can leave, would anybody contradict me?"
Do you have any idea why this man would want you dead?
"I'm a sucky pilot, but let's give it a whirl."
She wanted them buried in consecrated ground.
"I'll get the police, you crook!"
Take the bird and bury him in the garden.
"A stupid kid! Because of you, I am now stuck in this frozen wasteland!"
That horse is a damn hero.
"If it had been only one of them, you could have nailed him."
"Damn, you're good, Larson."
I'm gonna get your fucking money back.
"Some boobs that were big, but kind of in a bad way."
"My fucking femur is shattered in nine places,"
"(laughs) I got half a suppository in him before he took off, that... that rascal."
"""I'll finish you off all right, slave,"" he came back, ""if you'll stand still and fight."""
"They thought they were fancy, even though they're secretly crap."
"What the hell are you lookin' at, you redheaded putz?"
"If you're still alive,arrest those garbage men."
"And of all the crap you've pulled, this has to be the lamest."
They be trying to break the fall and hold it and stop the shit.
"Leave me alone, or I swear to God, I will go to Cornell, and it will cost you a fucking fortune."
"The ocean, despite its misleading male image, rolled in the darkness like a bitch in heat."
So you're sad because you didn't get to kill Joffrey yourself.
They're not fucking toys!
"If that guy doesn't lose his arm soon, I'm gonna fucking take it from him myself."
What the hell's going on in here?
"But don't worry, one phone call and she's out on her ass."
"Damn, that hurt."
"I feel worse because if it was sex, he could get over sex."
"Says he's gonna shoot a hostage if he doesn't talk to Talley, right now."
Can everyone calm the fuck down now?
The chancellor should never have brought them into this. Kill them immediately.
She should have died hereafter.
"Lucy, she's a fool."
We need cocktail dresses... ...tight jeans and some brasthat'il make my friend's breasts...
That whole sucker'san island.
"Killing her didn't solve anything, and they then sent me to live with Aunt Carol, who made my crack-whore mommy look like a saint."
What were you doing talking to that awful man?
"No, I ain't some fucking cash machine, where you can get shit for free."
I'll take her skin and put someone else in it.
This kitten is crazy.
"""I think the fellow is trying to make fools of us,"" snapped one of the men."
You'd better go after her... ...and tell her what an asshole I am.
"And always his parasite guided him, living on his blood as he lived on the blood of others."
"Bro, for what it's worth, if we were both gay, you'd be my first call."
"You're chaotic. Your car is untidy, and you smoke... and you went around... and had random sex with people."
"If I drive, I'll die like a dog."
"Damn it. I've got a gambling problem, okay?"
"Because you are so hot, as hot as a bomb."
Oh. You need to open your mouth.
"You know so much about me, who the hell are you?"
They nail me for the works - not just the people I did kill.
"Marty, what's with this shit?"
But the Gubru and their agents might imagine the chims foolish enough to think it would!
"He studied Torah, he hated Jews."
"I carried him for 20 years, so fuck you."
"Lord, have mercy on these wretches!"
"I strangled him. """
"Jesus, fuck, you passed him!"
"Lamia, surely you can be dissuaded from taking this insignificant woman."
It's a dump.
I'm here just to fix your garbage disposal.
You can't just kill us without letting us explain why we're here.
"They add up to some thirty kilograms, whatever the fuck that means."
We're not selling this shit.
Excuse me for fucking sharing!
Shaitan must sacrifice them.
I'm done with that fart.
"You're saying, then you involved yourself in rape to avoid being ridiculed?"
Finch... who the hell is this guy?
"You fuckers thirsty, huh?"
"Indeed, rare is the revolutionary who doesn't become on some level like Orwell's pigs, insisting that while all animals were created equal, some were created more equal than others."
"I'm fucking pissed, and I don't even know who to fucking blame."
Last night I slept with Nacho and now I feel like shit!
Killing relatively innocent soldiers was no more than an idle pastime when compared to dealing once and for all with the white-haired renegade.
"No, not long, but I couldn't remember the damn code."
How many more people is he gonna kill?
"The cops are starting to get some training on how to handle the preternatural, but no one trains firemen for this kind of shit."""
They're running some kind of fucked-up program using
"""There you are, you rascal,"" he said."
"Destroy anyone who offends you?"""
All your rich fuck friends.
I just jerked off in your French toast
"If you break that, I'll sue your ass, and you'll be out a lot of money."
"All these years... ...fighting, and shooting and killing."
Tally the goddamn things yourself!
Youre not human!
They put their fuckin' head right through a steel wall.
"She's a bad, bad girl who knows what works."
"Fuck, man, I had a horrible dream."
"Fat ass, lousy cooking... ...running that goddamn mouth..."
"So this is a lesbian burlesque club, huh? - Mm-hmm."
"""She is the most worthless property in this place."""
"If that idiot hadn't broken off his leg, he'd have been all right by now."
"""Now fuck off and watch it somewhere else."""
"Look, Stan. It was just sex, right?"
So your dad called my parents and said we were having sex.
Frickin' cake dudes.
"Get off me, man!"
"Sad story: 12 years ago, her gymnast career Was tragically cut short when her boobs got too big."
"Not the way a winner behaves, but the way... - A loser behaves."
"In my opinion, whoever's doing this deserves a goddamn medal."
Stacy's parents and the community will have my ass if I don't.
"I'll feed your little friend to the crows, piece by stinking piece."
I'd hate to be beaten senseless and locked in the attic just because I'm a poor crippled girl who can't always control herself.
"Attention was called to the barbaric action of that godless state which also, by the way, shit on its workers and took American jobs through its unfair labor practices."
"Damn it, what do you think you're doing?"
"I mean, what the fuck did I ever do to you?"
You don't seem so fucking disgusted when you're spending my money.
You know nothing of love if Xu Xian knew you are a snake... ...would he still love you?
"Shit, I wanna go back."
"You're it, it's fucking crazy, right?"
Your mother and sister will be joining you in death.
Go get our fucking money.
I cannot hide that I find your situation revolting.
Fucking lot of dancing.
"Shit, I don't even know where we're going to."
But what the hell are they up to?
"Whoa. Okay, that's a whole 'nother level of anal right there, but there's no way that Derek Winfield had this kind of cash just lying around."
"What's gonna happen next is, fire department's gonna come down here and kick our asses out."
It's so damn dry... in Beijing...
I'll fuckin' take care of you later! Shut up!
I'm the administrator of this godforsaken institution.
You are much hotter in person.
"Ever hear of a ghost, jackass?"
Oh. Get his ass out of here.
Indian girls never want to touch it.
What the fuck are you doin'?
"And I am gonna go... Anywhere else, because I've got a ton to Do, and this is wildly inappropriate. You have an erection, jack."
Here last week they found this couple out in California they would rent out rooms to old people and then kill em and bury em in the yard and cash their social security checks.
I can't go back to the sucky phone job.
"Have you seen me? Are you shitting me, Merlotte?"
"I am gonna keep you here, right here for the rest of your mediocre career."
When was I figuratively a dick?
"Damn it, the keys to the store are on it, the register, all of it."
"If the car gets immobilized, start shooting. Nobody gets traded. Everybody dies."
Watching your girlfriend pull a tick out of your uncle's junk.
I think we're being foolish If we take anakin off this mission.
Don't shoot 'im!
"Little pig, little pig... ...open up and let me in!"
"Shut up, English."
"Yes, as I stated earlier... ...those nations, African, Latin, Asian nations... ...are hypocritical when they stand up in the UN... ...and denounce the racism practiced in South Africa, but... ...say absolutely nothing about... ...the practice of racism here in American society."
"You're a dirty player,Carlson."
"Yeah, fuck you too."
The Chairman should have cut him off.
No disrespect... ...but this is no way to run a fucking investigation!
"Some president, UN official, American politician wants to talk shit about the military industrial complex, wants to stop spending $600 billion on a war with no fucking end, well, whether it be 1963 or now, they intervene."
He's not fucking breathing!
Everything fuckingshiny new.
Not fucking guilty!
Yes. Sex is as much an addiction for me as booze.
Asshole philosopher!
Gross!
Markam bought a couple dirty cops.
"Damn, what happened to her?"
You let go and I will drop the dagger!
Keep the doors-- Shit!
You're obsessive about being filthy!
You're gonna have to call the fucking United Nations and get a fucking binding resolution to keep me from fucking destroying you.
What the fuck are you trying to pull?
Let's get naked. Come on.
"For fuck's sake, Jem, no."
You're always startin' fuckin' trouble.
His fingers slid through my cleft.
Always bad-mouthing us like they're such freaking angels. Please.
You knew I was a thief.
"""White"" was a back dancer who drank poison to kill herself"
Fuck the house! It wasn't the house!
I want my pussy.
"Damn, no wonder the Army wants this baby."
The cock.
"Yo, can you please make that happen before my crazy TO gets me killed?"
Why am I so stupid?
Most expensive piece of ass I ever had. Right.
"Yeah, yeah. Right on the genitals."
And how the fuck did you spring me with 12 years left on my sentence?
There's probably a fucking ton of them.
"Don't bullshit me, Johnny."
You can't live out this sick fantasy!
I'm documenting this shit. And the photos are going up on the website.
"Come on, Theo, shit."
Says the man whose butt cheeks left a cocoa butter oil streak on my kitchen chairs.
"I'm not saying that this kid isn't everything you say he is, but, Scott, damn, as an editor, I need a little more to go on if I'm gonna fly this thing."
"Agh, suck in your gut, stoick."
"Okay, Ted, the downside to having a woman's mouth is, your feminine pout gives away your true feelings."
Too damn many.
"In fact, I'm damn cranky."
"Don't be a sissy, Ball."
"""Look at me, I'm a clever bastard"" stuff, but when it comes down to it."
It's not the first time a lunatic claims he did a publicized crime...
"To be honest, I'm fucking angry."
"I'm sorry, baby, but this thing isjust kicking my ass."
There's something on my butt.
And maybe we'll go As far as we can I'll be your garbage man
It's gonna kill me.
You think being a crow is a big motherfucking ball?
You can be a real jerk sometimes.
"""Yeah, but I'm even more scared of fucking up."""
Our shit is so much better than the neanderthals.
Too damn tired.
"""Damn, his heart's gonna explode,"" Denny said, on his knees again next to Telda."
"So when Dom's dug up and our duty's done... ...you and me, we're gonna slide into Chata Ortega's... ...and destroy a few brain cells and hunt up some horn-dog women--"
It's pathetic.
"She isn't stupid, but she used to be brilliant, and she remembers, Cad."
"I know you ran a drill in '94, but right now you're not running a goddamn thing."
"They could back the dumb ones, not the well-informed... not those who understand that people know what's going on."
"Now, now, maybe they just shot Donna twice."
"The more you open your mouth, the longer I'll make you suffer."
I've always hated officers!
Clean it up' bitch.
"The crowd, they're animals!"
Mm. Would you have sex with me?
"Look, I don't know what kind of sick person you are."
"Shall we dine alone tonight, send these little leeches away to eat with the peasantry?"
Do not hit the head with a pistol.
"Stay out of my life, Mami !"
"She escaped, though, and a couple of years later when she was all but forgotten she came back with a Fresh force and started the same crap all over."
Get the fuck out the car!
Round them up and get them out!
Anyone who doesn't believe in me is miserable.
"Holes were cut in the areas of her naked breasts, blood flowing from gashes beneath the nipples."
Sweet fucking Lord.
The woman whose brain you melted with your spell...
"That perfectly holds my sniper rifle and 245, and a gag for irritating talkative little girls like you."
"Don't be such a fool, Jane."
"Dangerous animals like you need to be put down, lan."
She was a patsy.
"When Nadine opened her eyes, her first thought was that she was in hell."
One man's a waste of ammo.
Then I touch her. . . boobs.
"No, because you're just gonna loose your shit and that's gonna make-- You'll talk to her she'll wind up pregnant."
"Well, sir... ...your Apache rides a horse to death and eats him and steals another."
Little hoppy toad? We hit her with a hammer?
The whole shit-stained world could drink off that one.
"Deliver the fucking pizza she wants, or your mum and dad'll be at the morgue identifying your body."
"Like, are you fucking kidding me?"
"But Ben, damn him, was oft' skyoodling somewhere and letting her carry the ball."
"Looks like crap, but it drives great."
Hell home.
"The fat boy lowered himself over the terrace and sat down carefully, using the edge as a seat."
"Once the bucket qets hot enouqh, Detective, the rat is qonna want out."
This place was a piece of shit before I fuckin' came here!
"""Well, if he didn't kill the little girls, who did?"" Dean asked."
"Damn me, even in our young souls."
They all got the same tailor and they all went to the same bloody school.
They probably just want our money and jewels and shit.
"Well, we have a lady who we think is very sick."
'Til Death!
"Everyone outside the circle should be beaten, broken and reset, so they can be brought into the circle."
"No, I want to talk. I don't want to fuck, okay?"
Shut up about that EH Harriman stuff and open the door!
It's the sale of the fucking century.
He's the best damn homicide detective we got.
I'm ready enough to do what I gotta do all by my damn self.
Guess I'm a sucker for stray dogs and naked guys.
"Well, it's true, my daddy poops out of his back."
My therapists have to work hard to reorient the poor slobs.
In his Hawaiian shirt he was just some rich tourist fool out for a day's pleasure-boating.
(crying) I'm out of goddamn time and I've failed.
"Put down the dagger, and help us find a way to destroy him.'"
"You weren't afraid you were gonna die, Leo."
I'm not pitting my brain against your brawn.
Don't bloody tell her.
"They're gonna get killed no matter what I do, so why bother?"
"Yeah, but who keeps their playbook in the trunk with groceries and sex toys?"
And her father was a rake.
Now I get to live with Martha fuckin' Stewart here?
Death was preferable.
Or you could blow me.
"What the hell was that, Frank?"
A patrol doesn't mean shit unless you've got something to report.
As soon as I heard the fucking Russian didn't die I knew things would never be the same.
I told that kraut A fuckin' thousand times
A demon whose brain...
But I was the bigger fool.
You have no idea what hell will rain down If we stop watching out for you!
"You and him fuck buddies now, or what?"
Sure. But everyone is gonna be burning Eminem.
"""Those arrogant Buddislamics think only of themselves, just as they did when they fled from the Titans."
I would have cut them both out if I could have fought him blind.
"Damn you for making me do this, Shane."
I'm a mediocre father.
"I'd have to cut him open, but I'd say 5 hours."
"Oh, right, because people don't have sex in public places."
Are you still having sex with her?
"""LTAs hell!"" Panille said."
"'They took like two square yards of net and weighted it down with blocks, and just sunk his ass - practically nothing left but the damned bones!'"
And not for putting my whole fucking family away.
That's the most pathetic thing I've ever heard.
Not you can neither to open the damned mail.
To hell with you!
You never knew if Lursa and B'Etor Clumsy fool.
"Okay, but I don't complain about how gross your meal is."
"If I fuck my girlfriend in the ass, I pull out, I've got shit on my dick,"
It's not like I don't see these images every fucking day.
I'm not gonna have this conversation with a rapist.
"The chicks are so horny, it's not even fair."
How the hell is this disease spreading so fast?
"Here was the sun high above us and not a cloud in the sky, and all of them standing around, holding onto one another now, and even that pathetic woman...'"
"Quartermaster tells her if Jack Rackham's got no appetite for her on his crew, they for fucking certain don't either."
"What? I'm a shitty, bad friend."
"I was scared things were moving too quickly, But I don't give a crap."
What the fuck? - Bring him in before he breaks the house.
"'Shoot,' Lou said."
"Oh, shut up and let's have ourselves a good day."
That's the time you need to get on those evacuation buses... ...or you're dead.
"Yeah, no one believes that garbage."
If you can't spot the crazy person on the bus... ...it's you.
Ew. That pervy janitor.
"Hey, have you seen Jodi around? - She left your ass."
"You too, Miss Plante, and I don't even want to know for what reasons you were helping this nitwit."
"""For damned sure, he's honest--not relatively honest, really honest."
That's what I call a real ass-whipping.
Your hideous flowers!
"After we called it quits, things got all weird and pear-shaped. And then I took that crazy fucking detour with Stu. And we had some good times, but nothing felt right ever since."
I will not rest until they're all wiped from existence.
Now he fucking owns us.
"We don't want a struggle designed to fit the male... ...because we'll be fucked, as always."
"If you don't hit her, then I will."
Stop bitching. Let's have tea.
"Your shot, George."
"Have you had a lot of dealings with the music people? Fuck's sake, Terri."
That worm had a name.
"Hey, bank robber."
"If I do that, they'il hang you for murder."
I can't fucking cut it.
"I'm gonna try it. So I'll go for ""party in your mouth."""
"All day, all damn night."
An exciting life is a good way to get yourself killed.
These dorks at school told me.
"With such a large nose, do you smell better than the rest of us?"
What's so funny asshole?
I can't believe that we made a sex tape.
Tell him to sod off.
Then gives such a powerful kick to her behind... ...that the poor thing flies acrossthe room... ...through the window and vanishesinto a dark cellar
"Don't make me chase you down, bullet."
You are attacked and massacred us as we Belial.
"Julien, be a lamb run and grab my tit tape."
Get the hell out.
"Ah, sweet damn that's a hot plate."
'Where's your damned sword?'
Your fathers are floating fairies.
"That fucker didn't die, Billy!"
It sucks that you don't have a job.
"""I forgive Pop. ""I forgive everyone."" Brendan, you know, you're full of shit."
"Stop it,you old ruin."
You're still a knockout.
"Wade, what the hell are you doing here?"
You were supposed to wait in the car - to prevent shit like this from happening.
His Lordship wanted you chopped up in bits.
"I got nothing and nobody and nowhere to go, but when I'm singing I'm not here in all this shit no more."
You treated them with honor by butchering them?
Someone who'll bang his best friend's 18-year-old daughter.
The Pinky come that shit storm armed only with a sword old and dusty.
A highwaymanput a blade to my throat.
"I need to destroy him, but I can't do it without that shield."
It's a dumpster.
"If she has another heart attack, a few short, forceful blows to the chest."
"I don't know about you... but I hate Gradebook, and I hate her fake little kids."
If the girl should die....
"Well, most people are asses, if that's what you mean."
"Hell, ben, if you don't want to take me, maybe someone else will."
"Piggy wore the remainders of a pair of shorts, his fat body was golden brown, and the glasses still flashed when he looked at anything."
This the first wagon you ever fucking unloaded?!
Ten more minutes and he’d be out of this frigging spookhouse.
Skeet’s as good as dead if we do that.”
"Oh, yes, definitely, Your Blind Stupidity."
You cut in and take what you want. Fuck.
I will close the door in your face. Now...
"""Hate them,"" Brocando had said, bluntly."
"I'm DEA, Stanley. holy shit."
And the guy who sold it to? Fuck him.
Forgive me. But you are ignorant of our culture.
Filthy.
Change back that damned gold I made into sand.
She's so funny! Just about shit my panties in that one.
"Move, fucking move!"
Shooting merely tickles it.
"In the meantime, I'd like to take this time to call bullshit on this whole show."
"This place is a dump, Rory."
Fucking beautiful. There's three more boats.
I know you think you're badasses.
That suit looks like death taking a shit.
I can't believe I got my ass thrown in a vault for three months for you.
Who the fuck you're supposed to be?
Only thing deep with Parkinson are the holes in his ears.
"I can promise you that if you don't get off my ass, something bad is gonna happen."
I told you it was a piece-of-shit case.
I can't believe you squirted Rachel in the face with her own hose.
"I thought they're gonna kill us, I'm gonna be dead,... ..and milton is comingto the Waldorf soon."
"Damn it, we are high-powered Japanese executives."
"Mr. Flynt, how can you,a good Christian, defend this filth."
Kiss your brother again.
Howe made one quick slash and the man's throat was cut.
He's got a forehead like a drive-in movie theater. He's a good shit... ...so we don't bust his chops too much.
I need a dirty woman
That was fucking crazy.
I don't give a shit what he did.
"no! One step closer, and I'll snap her pretty neck."
I wish they'd give me some bullets for this gun.
Because you say a lot of things you don't know shit about.
I felt like a loser.
"Yeah, my girl needs to learn to hang."
"And then I was like, well, fuck it!"
"You know, Rodney, these guys do die if you have enough firepower."
at least you didn't fuck his wife.
"Now, cut off her hair."
You're a synesthete.
Guns n 'Roses fucking rule. Crüe...
That asshole is Eun-sung?
"When we got back, he wanted to kill us."
You ok? I will be better once we smite this villain.
Stop! You Judas!
"That man... he ruined my son, and then he murdered him."
"This guy had some sick plants and all he did was he fucking... quar... he quantan... he ""quantratined"" them."
"Okay, now, I'm getting a little pissed off at everyone shitting on Americans all the time."
"Bite my justice, you arugula-eating left turd!"
I'll give it to him right in the head!
"As you know, the Redskins have been on the forefront of KickStarter as a company that is always finding new and exciting ways to tell people to go fuck themselves"
"It's fucking something, anyway."
You need to stop that snorting shit.
Helen: He put you in here to rot while he takes what he likes and leaves you the wishbone.
Not much of a damned hunt if the quarry's dead before we get here.
You don't smell porn.
"""Least likely to succeed,"" my ass, class of '53, huh?"
A very dull fool.
And it's time now to wipe Arrakis clean... ofthe awful Harkonnen stench.
I'm a human sinkhole.
"No, he didn't... ...just sexually assault me."
You killed someone from the Five Dragons School. I will avenge them.
"Perhaps I should say ""damsel."""
"Alpha and Bravo sections will secure the outer area, shooting anything that moves, while Captain Medhurst blows the gates to fuckington come."
It's like clockwork... he's still got most of his take before it goes out and all of the next month's shit coming in at the same time.
You're as guilty as a cat in a goldfish bowl.
"Lady, get out of my fucking way, please."
"I mean, I realize there's going to be some drinking going on... and believe me, I'd rather have it go on under my roof... but don't get too loud because I don't want any lectures from that... - tight ass neighborhood watch. Okay?"
"Shut up, be quiet."
"And as I'm telling her this, the bitch pulls a compact out of her purse and she starts touching up her lipstick."
"Yeah, fuck, yeah."
I can deal with scum.
Someone spit in your f ace when you first came to campus?
"Just keep your mind open and suck in the experience, and if it hurts... it's probably worth it."
"Goddammit! Please, don't do this to me!"
"Death, of course."
Why steal when your mom's a sucker?
This jerk took it.
That's one week of suck cards.
How the hell are you going to do that?
"Move too fast, you're liable to get slapped in the face."
And I don't want to be the one standing in front of the Senate explaining who Carrie was fucking when the bomb went off.
They would need Duncan Idaho's new talents to counter the whores.
Did he have sex with you?
"I bet you stood there in front of your boss, staring at your feet, you wimp!"
Go cook up more lies.
"“I own your pleasure,” I whispered into his mouth."
"Oh, my God, shit."
I'm bout to fucking make it rain on your head.
Speaking of kicking their ass... what do you do with the naughty boys?
"He pulled the same shit on you, didn't he?"
"No, you love humping people."
Good enough to be shot your imperial highness.
"""Mark, dammit, you took us by surprise."
"So he got fucking sick, hospital, went into a coma for 6 months, the doctors were saying he's not gonnamake it."
Thomas refused to take any responsibility and continually pressured Kristin for more frequent sex.
How the hell you gonna write a book about something you know nothing about?
Killing zone's somewhere else!
The rat-faced little Drasnian's sardonic humor and towering self reliance had always been something to cling to.
He's saved our ass quite a few times.
"You'll be fucking stroking it, and you'll be thinking about money."
"They're basically in charge of standing around the lobby with their dicks in their hands, you know what I mean?"
"Oh my God, what the fuck kind of reporting is this?"
"Michou, you're not going to do like Georges and watch that bloody TV all day."
"Yeah, avoid the fucking eyes."
What did I fucking tell you?
What the fuck is going on?
"She licked me good and proper, and I've got that feeling again, and it's sore, Peter."
Hit them hard.
Get your ass back to prison!
"But notice that if we choose different a's, we seem to find many composite witnesses instead of fools."
"Really, it's a damn Mardi Gras in here."
"When I'm 40, you'll want a girl of 25... and I'll be left alone like a fool."
Buried in the damn desert. Unmarked graves out past Terlingua.
"Come to your new master, Mjolnir... And let us smite my step brother."
"You want me to knock you down here after I've listened to enough of your lies?"""
You'll get another innocent man killed!
"'There,' she says, 'take your earrings, you wretched old miser; although they are ten times dearer than their value to me now that I know what it must have cost Parfen to get them!"
I never thought of myself as stupid but maybe I am.
"Goodbye. He appreciates it, Max, but take your ass home."
"He offered me $5,000 to have sex with him."
What the fuck's goin' on?
"This shit's freakin' me out, dude."
"Here flows all blood putridly and tepidly and frothily through all veins: spit on the great city, which is the great slum where all the scum froths together!"
"Yeah, listen,I been fucking everywhere putting up posters, man, you know?"
I'm having a shit time right now.
"My grandfather, Fletcher Morton Foos, invented this game for one purpose-- to have the loudest, dumbest thing happen."
Because the alternative is... you really are as miserable as you seem to be.
It's the Cao traitor!
"Hey, Willie Sanchez, 5654 14th Street, 162 pounds, 5'10"" and a half shithead!"
You know goddamn well I ain't gonna leave my family.
She's wanted my ass for months.
"You ready, pussycat?"
"Hips, ass, hips, ass..."
Get away from here. Roman!
We're all gonna have to sleep in a tent that was made for... fucking anorexic pygmeys!
You also worked on that task force. This is ridiculous.
"She's fucking dangerous, Isabelle."
Pelt thought that he had been too damned tough.
What the hell's our problem?
I think I fucked up.
"Our shock troops will teleportin and eat everyone's heads, all thanks to you."
And cum and garlic and rum.
What the hell did you do?
"Hey, get off me!"
"I love life, and the Saxons' only birthright is to be slaughtered."
"""There will be plenty of crap growing on her,"" Doug says, ""but she’s still recognizable."
"Aw, guys... This is maybe one of the sweetest fucking things I've ever seen."
"The black girl went to work for the Albanians, so it's probably one of their parties."
Let's get the fuck out of here.
"But he had to command them all, and do so effectively, lest he make a mistake that resulted in a telegram coming to Mrs. Smith’s home to announce the untimely death of her son or husband because some senior officer had fucked up."
"Dana, I have never cheated on my wife, not since she became my wife, but if you want to jerk me in the car right now, I'm game."
It doesn't matter what you do to them. They're already dead.
The race of man is corrupt at its core.
He was the best fucking guy.
"A friend insisted that all the excrement he ate every day... ...come from a beggar woman, so itwould be more putrid and delicious"
"What the hell did you do, Zach?"
"I’m in a bar, I’m having a drink, right? These two fucking guys come in, they assaulted me."
"Awkward, damned awkward."
Prepping to be drowned
"And, I've nothing to lose in breaking your bones."
That's my urine.
"But I must stand before that black Baron with his deed accomplished, and take my one chance to strike him where he is weakest--in his gloating moment!"
What the hell happened to him?
"But I knew one day you'd snap, and we'd all burn."
Now where are these little rug rats?
"I don't know, my nigga, but I know one thing."
Big Momma could never forget that ass.
"""And I suppose at the end of it all he'll go to Broadmoor and we shan't be able to hang him because he's crazy!"" said Neele slowly."
Get your ass out of the pool!
Just shut up.
Kill me or save me you'il regret either way.
"Pretend you're a little monkey, but you have a saw and you're pruning."
"I do not like you, Dean."
What you're asking is ludicrous.
She just fucking laughed at me.
He isn’t got no damn gun.
He knew the strain was beginning to tell on him but it was vital that none of his intimates or vassals–thus none of the legion of loose-mouthed fools or spies of Yedo–suspect for an instant that he was only feigning capitulation and play-acting the role of a beaten man.
"Damn it, I asked you not to say anything."
"You know, you look so goddamn pretty in the daytime."
So they kicked you out of the bus... in the middle of the desert to die like some perro?
Like I give a shit. Thanks for watching him this weekend.
I thought you were a big movie star and shit.
I'm not the one who decided to go bat-shit crazy.
"We're about to order, uh, fuck."
He nailed them.
She was a drug addict and so was her boyfriend.
You have to kiss a few toads.
Shit. I blew it on a bad investment.
You hump with foreigners
"That blubbery ""don't hurt me"" crap -- it's just an act."
"She is a drunkard, a glutton!"
"Rapp, in his typical manner, told them to go fuck themselves, which only served to make the situation worse."
And they were way more expensive than a normal fucking girl's burritos because you were constantly doing add-ons.
I especially appreciated the other day when you told that homeless schmuck... who does he think he is talking about the money that you made.
"Oh, right, right I'll get the shot before going."
It's a Victorian dildo.
Usually the vigilante only goes after rich schmucks.
"I didn't realise that aside from your dog's paws, you've pig's hoofs!"
Can't imagine why they call you dirty john.
She's gonna go fucking crazy.
She has fat ankles.
You don't know who you're fucking with .
"What is this, some global warming bullshit?"
Areas of your brain start to shrink.
"It's so hot out here, I want to kill some motherfucking gooks."
"And blow them up with what, comrade senior lieutenant?"
Kick it here.
"God, I've missed you Shut up."
"Well, they didn't know 99 problems, but a bitch ain't 1."
Poor lumpy Giles.
Afro Whores.
I'd settle for just getting the fuck out of here.
Sorry you had to squire for such a nasty person.
Think he'll try to shoot you?
"""Once upon a time, you had a real jerk of an exec who let his feelings get in the way of his duty."""
That's the problem with being such a well-known liar.
"What do you think of my shag pad, darling?"
"Okay, so maybe during the beating, one of the suspects gets carried away, hits the victim in the base of the skull, and kills him."
"All ex-military, all shooters."
"For God's sake, don't hit me anymore."
"You notice there's not women gone wild, 'cause no one would fucking by the wild women dvd."
We had to kill 5 people.
Solve the naked guy.
"That's me Evie, you mangy moron!"
I hate changing up the texture of my fucking shit.
The end of the scumbag independents... and the dawn of a new galaxy.
Your body is too small for me to massage.
It's part of the consulate and damned secret.
I know it was foolish to say that.
Looks like your stooge.
"I mean, it makes my leg shake... if you always shoot me in the same spot."
Your muscle seemed pretty cool putting his fist in my head. I want him out.
I'll rot.
"What the fuck, Paulie?"
"Let me tell you, if I'd ever screw her over, then my name's Jack Shit."
Damn it. - The car is out front.
You're damn right.
What the fuck--?
"Well, I was, like, ""oh, damn, he went there."
"Boom, he can hit him. Boom."
I can't even leave my fucking apartment.
"You mean ""the coloured guy"", ""the negro""."
"But does that mean we should throw up our hands and die?"""
I know how to find the traitor.
She was just standing there bitching and complaining when she should've been serious about the challenge.
"Now you figure, why not just whack Artie and his boys?"
My hands are no longer my own and now you seize my fucking tongue?
"He stopped, eyes distant, maybe imagining Lulubelle on a bed in the back room of a Nevada trailer whorehouse, Lulubelle wearing nothing but stockings, washing off some unknown cowboy’s stiff cock while from the other room came the sound of Steve Earle and the Dukes singing “Six Days on the Road” or a TV playing Hollywood Squares."
"Spending the rest of my life in this rotten place."""
"Bullshit. Look, I can sympathize. I got a daughter around the same age."
A torpedo hit on a submarine was supposed to kill her entirely.
"Not only would I lose, but he'd probably pull the arm out of my socket and eat it."
His ass is mine.
What is the conversation that leads to a girl having to piss in your mouth?
You can run like a fucking kid.
Even this loser wants fireworks.
I never believed in gay marry.
"Act like a professional, dammit!"
I'm so sick of these dickheads.
Hate Italian.
The hunting party thought that gunning down a child would provide them with some amusement.
"Shit, nigga, you lend me this money, we gonna call it ""I like Mike."""
"He stinks so much, I 've no money or potatoes to pay someone else."
Wait till these motherfuckers see me now.
Durant!
You fucking better watch who you fuck with!
"I Want tO cOme and lOOk fOr Daddy, tOO."
"Use stun guns if necessary, but I want him alive."
We're going to have you start exterminating.
That's why I'm all fucked up on pills.
"You'll get a Christmas card for a couple of years, and then you're dead to me."
Don't tell me how to eat a-- Damn it.
I wish to hell I knew what I ever did to get on that woman's wrong side.
"You're a bitch, and it's your fault Jake dumped me."
"I'd be doing somethin', reading a book or somethin', and all of a sudden, it would come over me that I was gonna kill her, and the idea seemed so crazy that I'd almost laugh out loud."
"""You bastard,"" Pierce said, ""did you scratch the locks when you put on your finishing touches?"
"A little ""fuck you"" from the five of us to the NYPD."
"Man, there's not a year goes by... that I don't read about some escalator accident involving some bastard kid... that could've been easily avoided had some parent- I don't care which one- but some parent conditioned him to fear and respect that escalator!"
You might argue with them about price and shit... but you ain't gotta worry about them shootin' you in the back.
It's a pity someone like him should rot away in prison.
With your hypnosis and absurd obsessions.
"A fool's wife is safe, milord."
"Sid, I'm going to fall on you again and this time I will kill you."
I hope to hell when I do die somebody has sense enough to just dump me in the river or something.
I'd cut her off. Maybe she'd clean up.
Don't get so fucking dramatic.
I said get the fuck up.
"You're the one pushing for a sleepover, even though we all know we're too old for this crap!"
"I apologise, I'm an ignorant man."
Why have me kill Roman?
You look like you're in a fucking hurry.
"I have seen the dumb men throng to see him, and the blind to hear him speak."
Let that woman go!
We're sharing our genitals with other people.
None of it means a damn thing.
"I'm tellnya, Christ y'thought the Celts were work but these it's one hand on their sword, the other on their dick... which hand they'll use to cross themselves,"
"My beautiful love, my dear love, my torn heart I carry you like a wounded bird And they, ignorant, watch us pass"
"Go back to your books and your piano, pansy. Silly little Yid."
Put one in the back of my fucking head.
I just had the most fucked-up nightmare.
"Oh, I fuckin' love you, babe."
"How did you manage to fool everybody, Mikey, or whatever the hell your name is?"
I must be the biggest moron on the planet because I thought we were happy.
"Harry, you're gonna go home and puke."
That's the biggest goddamn spider I ever saw.
"Susan's having a baby, phasers on ""kill."""
Yeah. He's the shit.
He got hurt trying to protect some Tutsi traitor in his car.
"""and the moolies are beating him and he don't fucking go down,"
"“You were out of your fucking skull,” Cherry said."
"You're fuckin' unbelievable, boy."
Inside are the most pathetic people in the city with nothing to live for.
He was either burning me or threatening to slice me up....
"That's the ugly one, right?"
"Well, I hate to have to take my Santa hat off and put on my hard ass hat, but...This is serious."
Telling me that you felt trapped minutes before the ceremony didn't exactly bring a fucking smile to my face.
"You tell me this shit fell out your pocket, man."
"Shit, I don't know if we'll see Laura again."
"Oh, shit. He's not gonna make it."
"Four days they'd stalked that bastard, after they'd positively identified him, just to make sure he was the one, then to learn his habits, and determine the best possible way to punch his ticket."
Crap! They're always crashing into tall buildings
"""That man up front,"" he pointed, ""standing next to the anchor rope, is a murderer."
Until it took a hit in the head.
You're goddamned right he does!
Lisa cares. That's why she drives you nuts.
The only reason he got caught was cos he was too greedy and he was too stupid!
They're not utter fools.
"Hey, smoke a fucking peace pipe!"
We don't need you. Fuck off.
"If I see anybody drag ass... ...l swear to God, you will swim the canal."
"Watching you since you were a rugrat, Jerking you around like a dog on a leash."
love rode the electrical wires and reunited our lovers in this unbearably stupid movie
I can't see shit!
"So for the balance of the universe to be restored, something else has to suck."
"Aw, damn."
Dad can suck it.
"If you and Peter don't have sex soon, it's gonna get weird."
Who deserves to be chased and shouted at and beaten... and chased...
Let me tell you something -- my wife's honor is not something that can be taken away by some loudmouth jackass in a bar.
Get the fuck off my son!
Me and my men walking around with our dicks in our hands.
"That's right, where's the fucking money, Jake?"
"So, you kill the demon and the curse is lifted, right?"
He grabbed her around the throat.
"You might almost say, that this strange uncompromisedness in him involved a sort of unintelligence; for in his numerous trades, he did not seem to work so much by reason or by instinct, or simply because he had been tutored to it, or by any intermixture of all these, even or uneven; but merely by a kind of deaf and dumb, spontaneous literal process."
I could not watch you die and do nothing.
What the fuck are you doing in here?
Get off of me.
"He's not just an Evan/Cappie in a dork suit, is he?"
"Every goddamn thing I ever wanted, they've taken from me."
"Mordecai... someday soon someones going to step on your scrawny neck, you lizard."
"With all these things on his mind, do you really think God gives a damn... about what men do with their dicks ?"
Then we're fucking out of here.
"Judson, I know you've instructed Excalibur to attack me at will, but this is a little ridiculous."
I think Audrey Cruz may have killed your sister.
Does it fucking matter?
If the guy gets his victims there... maybe he gets his porn there too.
"Stop your sniffling, you little urchin, with your filthy little mitts."
What the hell's your problem?
It's the right fucking answer!
I get to watch him suffocate.
"You say yes, and it's all yours, Dick."
"I open the window, and I blow a tumbleweed of pubic hair into the neighbor's backyard."
Get off me !
"Well, clearly, he's not fuckin' dead,"
That's why they keep pigs.
"Foot in the door, dick in the whore."
"""Don't have much in the way of brains up here, me-only cobwebbies."
Some satanic cult ritual or some other such nonsense.
You need to put some meat on your bones.
"Yeah, I do. I called you, like, immature or sophomoric or something like that."
Shit...l got to have a TV.
"Well, he might drown."
It includes the death by hanging of Judas... his face upturned to the branch that suspends him.
And blow up that black bastardwhile you're at it.
"You idiot. We can raid the dressing-up box and pretend to be human, but, ultimately, what's the point?"
"It's fucking unfair, that they get the same as us."
"OK, we all know that you can play dead."
We have no interest in annihilating your people.
"""a fart on Thomas Putnam!"""
What the fuck you smiling for?
"""Play for us, monster,"" said the prince."
Jews couldn't walk on the promenade or the pavement... only the road.
That's meaningless drivel.
Chef Ramsay doesn't like fat guys.
"So we can go up there and blast him out of bed with a fire hose, man."
Look what that bastard did with my car.
You really want these strong-jawed philanderers on your squad?
What the hell does that have to do with you finding my wife?
"Kiss my ass, Faber."
Everybody hoping this ride round be a little more giddy... ...a little more gay.
"Drugs, stolen shit, whatever."
"Yeah, this place is a shithole."
I do not believe for a moment... ...that the English people will accept his bastard son as a legitimate heir.
You're bullshitting me now.
What the hell can we do about them?
The hell if I know.
"When I wanna go to the beach - take my kids to the beach and play with 'em and shit - strong, direct sun gives me a migraine so bad, I cry like a baby."
More beasts. Let's send them back where they belong.
He gave you fuck all but you still love him.
"I have never, no never, even heard of a computer game where you almost get a blow job."
In hell?
"His name is Dirk, but the morons in the neighbourhood can't pronounce that. So we call him Cake."
I'm talking about girls really going bonkers.
"""Ah yes, your Excellency,"" whispered the Jew, his voice trembling like a street beggar."
And then we'll transplant the brain.
"Pa, do you guess Shane will teach me to shoot?"
"How you feeling, faker?"
They print any kind of shit in this paper.
I'm no idiot. Can't you see.
"Trav, I'm bad at sex."
"You better get your ass out of here right now, Reggie."
"I'm testifying against dolan And all the other swine Who killed my friend John tunstall. Yes, sir."
He's the purest evil left in the world.
Why’d he padlock the fucking door upstairs if we can’t get out this way?
"Now look, Clarence, the more I hear about this Drexl fucker... ...the more I think you did the right thing. This guy was not just some wild flake."
"If she can take a little prick, she wouldn't be a virgin."
"You didn't see pictures of drunken dull-wilted Poles any more, slouched on sagging porches or hawking a few sickly turnips at the village market."
"When did ""My country, right or wrong"" turn into ""Fuck this"" ?"
It hurts you assholes!
That's a pretty shitty lullaby.
I don't want the Communists in here.
"Joffrey will belong to Margaery, the little doe-eyed whore."
"Shit, we should have done that."
"My God, how ugly..."
So Moriarty kidnapped the Narwhal's daughter to force him to kill this man.
That's fucking weird.
Great. Chelsea was just bullshitting us.
"""Weirdest fucking party I ever went to,"" Lobo said."
"Well, then if it's fixed, can we have sex on it and then go shopping?"
I wonder... where the hell he went.
"Alpha One, there are goons everywhere."
"Over what? What, you kill his dog or something?"
Kick 'em over.
As long as you're naked.
It’s fucking bollocks! – Check with Haynes. – Haynes fucking told me!
You have a center for rape here?
"But the way you turned it around at the farm, That's the kind of moment that comes once in a campaign, if it comes at all. And you fucking pray the cameras are rolling."
"You bring me more shots of that clown, maybe I’il buy them."
"It was the nastiest, dirtiest looking place under the sun."
Why are women so screwed up?
He's serious enough to kill three of my men.
"No, get the fuck out."
"Blow one if you have to, Mika."
"""You're lovely, with those legs and breasts and eyes of yours."
"It took three months, but they're ready to eat raw lion now--- after they kill the fuckers with their pocket knives."""
40% of my wardrobe goes missing and you guys don't know dick about it?
"No offense, but pareth crazy."
Kick me when I'm down.
"Or are you scared to be in the woods alone, you little rat?"
But this lot were on stage because they had no fucking choice.
"And last, bombing Cambodia, sir."
You and I both know she was gonna die in that prison.
"I have never gotten my own way, ever, and that includes being your damn mother!"
"""So, you killed them."""
Her face was soot-covered and the left side of her jerkin gave off smoldering fumes.
You got to be fucking kidding.
Professor kick-ass!
"Where I'm from, there ain't shit for free."
Parents are a mess.
Of course they would all die.
They'd kill all of us?
I got the real shit over there.
"I hate that shit, you know."
"Yeah, you're also the reason I'm stuck in this dump."
"Crap, they called the cops on us."
"Look at you, you are nothing, an empty nothing."
"If anyone survived, they will be tortured."
"I asked him how this had happened to them both, and he - they - dammit, Halman! - tried to explain."
"No fucking thumbs, can't pick up a glass."
First he wanted the cat killed..
He's a killing machine.
I don't fucking like him.
"I could have Patrick in an hour, freak."
You even had sex with her best friend while you were supposed to be home watching the kids.
"Don't be a fool, Wali."
"Dumbass, still reading kiddie books?"
"Until he turn round and then you see his, like, balls, and then... you feel bad."
Why the hell are you here?
"Bernie: All right, all right. God damn it."
"She showed up here about 20 minutes ago, acting all kinds of crazy... slapping her own face, chewing on her hair."
That takes a big pair of balls.
"The chronic loser is always the man who, having nothing, if unable to make a million dollars, will reject any chance to make fifty thousand with a disgruntled sneer."
Stay away from the women.
JEFF: Where's that darn band?
Why are you so crappy at it?
It's a waste of fuckin' manpower.
Your blood can't make me die more.
"She's a bad person, amy."
You're as crazy as he is with his Pindar! To get out of this place...
Don't do anything foolish!
You are supposed to be on the suicide phones.
I just hate it when people become anal about insignificant things like..
Cut him off!
You told mel was the best sex you ever had.
God damn it!
"Where is he, goddamn it?"
Fong!
"Caroline, if you bite your tongue any harder, you'll bleed."
I'm gonna fucking do all the heroin in the fucking world.
That's fucking crazy.
"Sorry, I've missed you, greasy hippie."
I know this sucks.
"Ahh! For every man you hit, I'll take one of your son's fingers."
What the hell are you doin` here?
So you're the oke who's got everyone drinking each other's piss?
People can learn to get used to rotting pig's vomit
"Every time I look at you, I'm glad I'm a lesbian."
Bury the rest... over there.
"Since her birthday is in July, she's a cancer... a crab."
You're fucking up the plan.
Matthews was fucking Hallenbeck's wife.
Are you talking trash about me behind behind my back?
So you just don't know a damn thing.
What the hell is taking so long?
"But I liked her very much, and you killed her."
"Of all the ""Howard humping hookers"" stories, that one's my favorite! Okay, buddy, that's it."
"We'il allbe dead in 20 minutes, anyway."
"Hey, bozo, you got a brain in there?"
"Abby, what the fuck?"
"Niggers, spics, the fucking mud people, they'll get it."
Marry him and have dopey fucking kids!
Are you the one I told to fuck off?
Get him in the back.
You'll know soon enough. Because the only way to kill an Anubis warrior is by taking off its head.
That she'il spit in my face.
"Just... fucking do it, lan!"
You must want to suffer.
I'll prove God has more brains that the Greek!
"No, swimming, asshole."
Good luck with the crazy!
You need someone to bitch to about each other?
"If we don't end up punching out our own tickets, we just suffer through years of therapy, only to realize that our parents were completely inept and that we are now equally inept parents ...and loud, the Tasmanian devils can have up to four pups at a time..."
Bastard!
"I don't care how many times you've seen women carry guns on a thigh holster on television, it is damn awkward."
"You know, if I put my hair up and tape my boobs down, I can pass."
I'd hate to die here.
"Erich was in a foul mood after his deposition and, apparently, Cindy was pouring him a glass of wine, we hit some turbulence over Fresno, and sh and, I mean, he went ape-shit."
"His face black, his eyes red."
"One minute she's my, uh, my little girl, and then the next minute she's telling me to go, you know, screw myself."
Open the fuckin' door!
"Simpson, I feel silly, but what the hay?"
Yeah. - These brains are terrible.
And then proceeded to cut him down Along with five other clones along the way.
Or I was fucked up or experimenting.
And he sent you here to fucking figure out who was. Is that it?
"Because you-you rev your motorcycle at all hours of the night, you sprayed the Patels' statue, and you leave your damn trash cans in front of my damn garage all..."
"Johnny, I just spent two days wading through someone else's garbage, and, quite frankly, I don't have the time or the energy to go through all the clowns and candy wrappers you've got going on up in there."
"So, I was right to slash him."
If I pull this trigger... ...l bet it's gonna hurt you really bad.
"Who's this, your new bitch?"
"Yeah, realistic, not fucking gay as shit."
What the hell could you possibly write that I would be interested in reading?
"For one thing, she was from Hell, and he still distrusted the creatures of Satan on general principle."
"Hit him, babe!"
"He's so goddamn drunk right now, he thinks he's on a mission outside the wire."
"Some fucking day, huh?"
I think it's this goddamn stomach flu that's going around.
"I'll take a dozen, and I don't want ‘em fucked out. I set the rates."
Sex with your last boyfriend?
"And sasha and britt, And the assembled slut legions of beale street."
Is this Indian your gay friend?
His angel doesn't have fucking legs.
They were ready to lynch us.
Where's that damn torpedo?
You're a witch.
"Yeah, but he's our pussy."
"Remember, in the church the women must be stared at!"
"You might get by in the Bronx with that kind of shit, but down here 800 a month is chicken feed."
"“I suppose I could reveal to you my innermost thoughts about what it’s like to be a Protestant patriot in thrall to a Catholic King who loves France, but life is short, and I intend to spend as little of it as possible standing in dark stables apologizing to shit-covered Vagabonds."
What'd you do with the last chick you fucked?
"If it weren't for pig-headed, hypochondriacal Rational Richard, he would never have stumbled onto Sloat's choo-choo; and Sloat would have been able to use the 'devil-things' — weapons of some kind, surely — against him as soon as he got near the black hotel."
That woman doesn't understand anything.
We are the fucking police!
"Jesus, Cappy, why aren't you out in your car getting your dinky stinky in some tight little cheerleader?"
"What, after you snuck into my home, hid here, waiting to kill me?"
Fuckin' stay out of it.
Don't kill the sheriff and get away with it!
"So, you're sayin' that my son Sedgewick has his head up his ass."
Shoot.
"Shit, I don't have any cash."
"So You got a shitty deal, Oren, you know that?"
The embarrassment that's coming over me right now Is exactly what happened when I walked into that sex shop.
Still I owe you for killing Igor.
"Murder, superheroes breaking into my bedroom, my life had turned into some fucked-up dream I couldn't wake up from."
You saved me from them gypsies.
Sam's already told me all that crap.
No point in cleaning up one mess When we're making another one... As soon as those wankers with the car carriers arrive.
Such is the method of a Southern coward.
Thrash him!
"He's a stubborn cuss, that one."
You've just placed the largest order for airplanes in the history of the damn planet.
No point. The blood you swabbed showed shit-all on the DNA front.
"It's fucking weird, Sven."
"If we leave him alone, he'll surely die."
"Yesterday, you're buying me drinks, talking flirty shit about my nan. And now you're too busy?"
I won't talk to a man with a gun to his head.
Riot
"Ellen started to giggle again, imagining the sight of Hooper lying by the side of the road, stiff as a flagpole, and herself lying next to him, her dress bunched up around her waist and her vagina yawning open, glistening wet, for the world to see."
"""But these foul creatures of yours -- """
Couldn't get back off that had got on the boat to New Orleans to go suck prick in Georgia.
The water was so damned shallow.
"And one by one, by all the Gods, I'll cut them down."""
I'm not talking about the fag boxing club.
That's the devil that's in your brain giving it the wasa-wasa.
"He's packing a gun, looking for revenge, but then he figures he can save a bullet and send Dahlia to her death in a fiery wreck."
'cause she finds out I still have feelings for this crazy broad that stalks me.
Fucking thing never worked anyway.
They'll be dead by the end of the week.
"Oh, you are crazy, mark."
"All right, I'll take one hit."
You told me you had't been with Tomas. Fuck!
Let the hell out of here!
"In fact, I'm thinking about having a nozzle attached to my heart to make the sucking more convenient."
Bury them in the system.
Get the hell out of here!
"If he isn't stopped, we've sentenced the Polish Underground to death."
That's five fucking people.
Probably some psycho fan pissed off they killed Randy in Stab 2.
"You know, I thought they were insignificant, and I wanted, like, power breasts."
He wants to prove he's not old and useless.
You mustn't worry about those filthy peasant rags... ...which you were no doubt forced to don.
Bombs are Homeland Security shit.
What the hell is wrong with you?
I got bull balls.
I don't need you to go putting that shit in my head!
Then what your dumb ass break up with her for?
"Instead he thought her something of an idiot, for her inability to memorize the scripture passages he set for her—even with the incentive of a beating for her failure—was nearly beyond belief."
"Hell, I don't fucking like you."
Who the fuck is keeping her for hours?
"Behind me lay the yard, vividly black-and- white in the moonlight, and the pile of wood and faggots on which Moreau and his mutilated victims lay, one over another."
Then you put all your will into making the rest of the body die.
"With a jerk like a convulsion of hysteria, Drool raised the Staff to strike."
Want to fuck up the system?
"I'm a girl, damn it! I wanna do girly things! Like fix up someone's hair and get phone calls expressing romantic sentiments!"
"""gosh darn it, we're happy you're here."""
"If we fight, they can stay where they are and starve us out... or go for position, shoot us."
Or maybe we were fucked in the head.
Except maybe for pussy.
Did you know that these blacks cost the nation over six billion dollars each year?
Son of a bitch!You thought I was gonna let you hurt my wife?
"I see the black kid, Trey, coming out. He was pissed."
"""Why's it got silly grey bits?"""
"He wanted to say: If you cut anything else off me, Annie, I'm going to die."
You can't fucking hurt my brother.
Cop killer!
You'll scare the shit out of her.
"Even if you've become An angry, manic-depressive activist, I still like you."
"Hubert will live and die in this bowl, except for weekly excursions to the kitchen sink while the cleaner changes his water so he won't suffocate on his own waste."
You ask him why the Army had his ass locked up in the psychiatric hospital.
Goddamn Garvin.
"Oh, come on. It's easy to get your shit together."
"That's next to this, fucking wings."
"That's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks."
"""Can't watch a movie without popcorn, you big dummy,"" Stu grinned."
"Think this shitheap stinks now, You should have seen it when we first got here."
"Aw, shut up about your bloody hand for one bloody minute!"
"I will show you tedious, mind-numbing and boring."
"Next, you're practically mauling my boyfriend at the cafeteria."
They were like two mad animals.
"Don't you ever, ever touch me."
That fat bitch won't let us.
You're delicious and if my Wishes can all come true I'll soon be kissing your sWeet little pussycat lips
But he is insane if he hates you because you are what he never can be.'
KBBL is gonna give me something stupid.
I feel like a fucking teenager.
"She's an asshole! come on, she's your sister."
It's time to prove to your friends that you're worth a damn.
"I'm so sorry lil mama, that was stupid."
"But when I saw him shoutingt the radio, I decided I'll just wait and make his life miserable when we get home."
"Swabians, Teutons, Vandals."
It's all right. He'sjust killing my alligator bags... and shooting holes in my suit.
Don't fucking hurt my wife.
And then this boring bullshit.
I sucked it from his fingertips.
Because your earsare bigger... and your eyes are older.
There'sa kick-ass party on the mainland.
"If you get up again, I'll... sic the Hulk on you."
"You can never save your village, without killing him first."
"You boys like pussy, right?"
Just like a damn cherry bomb.
"You know, your life has been such crap ass lately you probably forgot what it even feels like to be happy."
Big old loser and her name is Mommy.
"Gentlemen, we're gonna do some shooting."
"Sarah, you're an embarrassment to the family name."
She was as tough as a boot and mean as an alley cat.
You believe in this shit?
Damn Bolivian Army.
"Beat him, eat him, and go."
My friend Claire here says it'll be a kick-ass fucking time.
Don’t take it out on Eva for giving a shit about you.”
"Yeah,look,uh... It ain't easy for an old fart like me to see a woman doing this job,but youarea good cop."
Who the hell lets their kids play with lead-based paint?
"Dead, not stupid."
"'Shut up, Bursar!' roared Ridcully."
Kissing a man with a beard was like sticking my face in a bunch of broken bedsprings.'
"He's got a nasty scar on his cheek, and an ugly club in his hand."
"Pig, it turns out you've got a friend."
"You have to give it to the Lannisters-- they may be the most pompous, ponderous cunts the gods ever suffered to walk the world, but they do have outrageous amounts of money."
"That is the coward's way... even if the thinking machines call it efficient."""
There's the biggest damned head over the fireplace at home.
"As well you should, shit bag, 'cause right now I'm heading down to Tulsa to see a pal of his, and you, next time you're someplace where our federal friends are listening, mention that Givens came to see you and that and you believe he's in bed with a guy from in Harlan... a guy named Boyd Crowder."
"In fact, from now on, it's a black operation."
I didn't come over here to babysit some little brat.
I'm liable to cut my own throat.
"What happened to you, ugly?"
"You're like a goddamn cruise missile targeted on making it, and you will."
"Grayson, why you always talking shit?"
"""What the hell was I thinking?!"""
I had to hit him to get him off of her.
"So just go grab your best dress, and know that today your love of cock is a huge asset to this company."
He's completely crazy.
"Shut up, Winston!"
My head's going to explode from all your freaking scenes and your tantrums!
"Kill me if you wish, or let me live and I will follow you into battle whenever you command."
You're a tight fit sluggo.
"Yeah, with all due respect, Terrell we never expected no motherfucker with an Uzi to come at us."
Shake the shit out of her!
Stupid boy. That's not how it works.
Zack has gone fucking crazy.
You belong with pimps. You belong in abortion clinics.
I gotta kick asses sometimes to make it run right.
Now get the fuck out of here.
And that was the shit!
"All right, let's get the fuck outta here."
"Well, I'm sure in hell not sleeping with you."
"You philandering, fornicating bastard, you went off with that skinny honky for two days and gonna come back here and call me honey?"
"Get off, they're shooting."
Maybe we'll be able to tie the bullet to the murder weapon.
"""Ah! You're such a good man, pussycat!"""
Somebodydrop you on your fucking head?
Obviously you haven't had great sex yet.
"You know, I may be a bad waitress, but you are a bad person."
That bitch who just wrecked my house she's the executive director there.
"I'm very flattered, really, but I don't think... Rubbish."
"'Was Soviet spies, Max, they kill Vladimir !"
"You're crazy, you really are."
Then I really started chucking the old crap around.
I shot an arrow in the air... she fell to Earth in Berkeley Square.
"See, he's dead now and he died talking shit to some Aryans. . . so they peeled him back and they shanked his bitch ass 56 times."
"Oh, you know. We lay you down on some nice wax paper, slice you open with a butter knife."
"""Granny, kill another chicken!"" he said."
Frank Scabopolis is up in here making out with some bitch.
I think I'd rather talk about the smell of pee.
"Haydock usually took his breakfast at the embassy, since with his wife so gravidly pregnant, he felt it improper for him to have her fix the morning meal for him—and besides, she was sleeping a lot, in preparation for not sleeping at all when the little bugger arrived, Nigel thought."
"And not in a train accident, mind you, but falling off some silly observation car."
I'm giving that bullet in the back of his skull a better-than-average chance that's what killed him.
"The boobs, the Rachel haircut, and then the husband."
"""You sure that's not just some Harvard bullshit way of saying Mona Lisa is one ugly chick."""
"For 36 hours, Ryan Harrison, murderer, all-around big dink... has been a fugitive."
This place is deader than Lil Wayne before his 30th birthday.
Someone's fucked up over at the Hall.
Stop throwing your damn keys!
You wanna be sliced open by a Russki?
"Oh, great, and maybe we could slaughter a lamb and light it on fire so that it rains."
Why you go off on Andre like that and make me sit there like your little pet dog?
But he said that soon the temptation to go after birds would be too much... and that I could shoot all the bluejays I wanted... if I could hit 'em.
"And then they can cut me, and my loved ones can smoke me."
"Thank you so much, especially for shooting him right between the eyes... so that it doesn't look like an accident... because the people at Octopus will know he was coming here to close us down."
You're crazy to go back there.
Sounds stupid.
"Hal, who the hell is sending this?"
Fuck with my rhythm.
You should have whacked that hunter when you had the chance!
My brother's You're liar
I wanted only ... ... a little 'more than emotion in my life. I had never no known ... ... what? jerk and charismatic.
"Well-well, then why did you have to fuck her, Dad?"
"What the hell, Dad?"
Let me shoot!
"The rich people I've ever met... They're all scumbags, no respect for people"
"And thank you, God, for creating genital diseases."
Christmas Eve is the scariest damn night of the year.
Everybody ends up leaving this damned island.
I'll send you shit.
Do you still have sex with Daddy?
"""Have me as part of her zombie-making factory."""
TV's garbage anyways!
"As a cop, Proboda had his strong points—she liked his bulldog persistence even when he knew he looked foolish—but his shortcomings were numerous."
"Gross! JOAN: Packing, so it would really help me out if you would..."
You don't even know what fucking day you work. Here.
"Eric, I need to get back to the Guitar Center before midnight. ...for inventoryor my boss will kill me."
"I shit you not, it exploded when a seagull flew into the engine."
And then he beat you bloody that night when you tried.
"God, you're like a forty-year-old... ...trapped in a fifteen-year-old's body."
Get the fuck out of the game!
Are you out of your mind? We need help and you harass old ladies?!
My father was a doddering old bag of bones the last six years of his life.
Give him more blood.
"So you're going to supply her, like a pimp to a drug-addled prostitute."
Are you shittin' me?
"We know Drew's alive and in Harlan, but it's gonna be a bitch to find him."
He set you up to conquer the world. He didn't leave me shit.
"Specifically, her ass."
"Especially Remo, who was a fucking degenerate gambler who always lost."
You're beautiful. But that sucks. Okay.
Coupled with the fact that a suitcase full of money and a black man....
The law forbids to kill a virgin.
"I have spoken to prominent sexologists and the DSM agrees. Sadomasochism is perverse, so Judge Allegaerts is a criminal pervert."
"Not to say that you have not played that brilliantly by not actually fucking him, but when you do, he will look at you and he will see what the rest of us see, what everyone has always seen."
"I got screwed in the divorce settlement, and, no..."
"Now, here is a naked chick made completely out of marble."
Stop acting like a baby!
I've found out about your foolish plan to escape with her.
Daughter of an honest man You have killed you!
I can't believe you've been selling me schoolyard crap this whole time.
Close your goddamn eyes!
"My daughter is a lesbian, you think? -Hum."
Do you think I'm some horrible witch that doesn't care?
Do уou want it on your feet or on your fuckin' knees... begging!
This is the gayest wedding I've ever been to.
"Hey, Pat! This jerk-off's got period blood on his pants!"
Apparently Clinton beat the shit out of his program manager and took off.
Insist that they do a body count Before they set the church is set ablaze.
I'll be fucking fine.
Goddamn phoney.
He’il never fucking hurt anyone.
"If anybody start any shit... they'll have to answer to me, all right?"
We're all gonna fry for this.
We gotta find a woman that killed us both...
"Like garbage, which had been stacked for centuries with no plan whatsoever..."
You fucked someone.
Get yourselves guns and wipe them off the face of the Earth!
"He wasan ornery drunk, basically."
You ever have sex with a blond cheerleader?
Think they'll do that before or after they kill us?
"If you're looking for a black eye, it's in my fist."
"Carry on getting wasted every night in Mykonos, or forget that crap and join my ex-best friend before her wedding."
"Rob me and run off and I’ll hunt you down, I swear I will."
Get the hell out of here!
"Bro, really sorry I lost my shit out there."
"But rather than the two cycles that fate gave you to screw with my soul, she's only given me two arns to be finished with you."
Luck can change in the blink of a motherfucking eye.
You had sex with Danny?
"""what the hell am I doing here, a drunken fish-killer, when I could be doing something useful?"""
The pink of their long tongues flickered visibly as they licked their rusty snouts.
"No cream and sugar, moron."
"And you, you deal with your fucked up marriage at home."
Shut Up!
We can't let her run around burning people at the stake.
Did you say something stupid to somebody stupid?
I'll put him out of his misery!
"You think that if 300 white people were killed in this city every year, they wouldn't send the 82nd Airborne?"
"No more problems with that bully, Michael?"
Black Cops.
"But holy shit, spring break is fun."
That was the weirdest goddamn thing I've seen in my life!
You didn't tell me your old man was a sniper.
"I listened to the answers for a bit, nodding and commiserating, then elicited other similar complaints with leading questions about officers, latrines, kitchen police—and all the other bitches so dear to the enlisted man's heart."
I'm a terrible liar.
"The small body, still clad in wash-faded Dr Dentons, had been flung into the corner like a piece of garbage."
"A very pretty one, but a nag."
I saw the boy saved from the fire straight dumb. Anyone would have acted so.
"With the two pigs, two ants and two silly bulls Two syll-a-bles?"
Don't shoot him.
Did you hear a goddamn word I said?
"He was to make his way quietly to Washington Otis's room, gibber at him from the foot of the bed, and stab himself three times in the throat to the sound of low music."
"Have a bloody vodka, Nick."
The main measure of effectiveness was the ability to get and maintain an erection.
Let me guess... he's uglier than you imagined.
It's a bloody farmer!
And I wouldn't worry too much about that fight next week. He'll be sucking canvas.
You're gonna get us all in deep shit.
We were so fucking drunk.
He was naked except for underpants and his legs were crisscrossed with bramble welts.
Why did I risk my life for a selfish brat like you?
Hey don't bail out on me now God damn it.
"I would be visiting it at greater length and proximity that night in my dreams, although I didn't know that then; all I knew then was that I wished like almighty fuck that Harold Oblowski would hurry up and get to the point."
I am frustrated because I am a failure at everything and my breath smells like fly.
Are we gonna fuck or what?
"People couldn't believe how easy it was to take their videos, music, and photos, and all their shit and share it with other people who could do the same with all their shit."
I would like nothing more than to delete that photo.
"April, your horror? I... Uh, see your inappropriate kiss with Dom."
I think you killed Enid Granier to stop the development that would expose your little scam.
No fag decorator came to redo his office.
"I will hunt you down, and the last thing you see will be my blade."
I'm a goddamn marvel of modern science.
"'Rats,' he said in an undertone, fingers on lips."
"Oh! How your wife was spawned from that woman's loins, I'll never know."
"Honey, this could be her last shot."
You beat up three punk kids and gave that fat kid his ball back?
"You advised him not to get a lawyer, giving as one of your reasons the opinion that lawyers are a pain in the ass."
"All crooks are gamblers, more or less, and all gamblers are superstitious--more or less."
One shot to take out the core!
"She met Jim at the 59th street cat adoption, which is a great place to meet guys, if you like dorks."
"You're tough. But you see a naked guy... ...your brain says, ""I want that.”"
But... it sucks that you can't.
"Give me that ring, or I'm gonna pepper spray you."
"So. God, I'm sorry about the fuck-up about the coffee."
Stupidly expensive!
"Yet Errtu had never considered the drow as enemies, and the demon had come to despise the bumbling wizard."
She's jailbait.
Why should the damn jocks be the only ones gettin' scholarships?
Granted we got our butts kicked but we still need each other if we're gonna survive.
And you can go the hell to whatever unit will have you.
Probably McVries was pissed that he had saved his ass now.
You done lost your damn mind.
What devil or witch was ever so great as Attila... whose blood flows in these veins?
Everyone is someone our killer put in the ground.
You think that traitor cares about you?
A waitress having sex with a Colombian princeling.
"Whoa! Oh, my God, it's piss!"
"God damn it, I miss Drawn Together."
Don't you hate liars?
"Taylor, how the fuck you get here, anyway?"
"We'll give them a few minutes, then get out of this bloody place,"" Larkin said."
Chief Pain-in-the-Ass.
What the hell do you mean?
"Well there was the time you said you were dying of kidney failure and I donated one of my kidneys to save your life, and then you said it was an april fool and we had to throw my kidney away."
"""Damn straight I am."""
Don't forget your shot again.
We don't care about your headshot.
I used to be the Ash and now I'm a disgrace.
"Excuse me, Mr. Jerk."
Because Ranger Rick here called my dad. Damn.
Big cunt.
Has everyone gone nuts?
Then why are your kids still getting hit in the face with balls?
He's screwing with you.
"And when she'd gone to the clearing at the end of the path, I would have fucked him dead and the baby — that beautiful little pink baby — would have been mine."
"All we have to do is move quickly over this ridge, the rock-worshipping pasty-faced bastards won't know what hit them!"
"""Why, he told Jeff Thatcher, and Jeff told Johnny Baker, and Johnny told Jim Hollis, and Jim told Ben Rogers, and Ben told a nigger, and the nigger told me."
"I don't know what this is... ...but when you tell the people'live at 5,"" it means live at 5... ...you bigmouth, bucktooth jackass."
Can I have your pig? - No.
"As far as he was concerned, shooting the bastards down made perfectly good sense."
Black militants.
"Your roommate just kicked you out, so you have nowhere to live, and you're on academic suspension, so your doctoral plans are officially crap."
You never did have any balls.
"We're security, and we'll arrest your ass if we find you."
You were one brave fuck before.
Fuck off. Look at his lip.
"""Sometimes the head of the penis may be too large... ...to penetrate the vaginal opening smoothly... ...in which case the application of lubricant is recommended... ...to avoid possible..."""
If I killed her.
You want to be cremated? Okay.
Last time I ever marry a fucking white woman.
Now your shoes stink as bad as your ideas.
An agent with 15 years on the force and three Presidential Citations or a piece of white trash with a juvie record ?
"All right, all right, all right, we'il have enough time tonight to kiss your butt at the rehearsal dinner."
That Gorch came near killing me.
What the hell do you want?
"Recognize that boat, pig?"
"You're no longer viewed as some weird, asexual nothing."
"There’s no joy for losers, boy."
Give me a goddamn break!
I had hair on my ass before I could walk.
We're just having sex so we don't fight ghymore.
(trumpet playing fanfare) Why do they always announce dinner like a damn cavalry charge?
Maybe somebody should tell you that your entire fucking family is dead!
What the hell's going on back there?
"Right, guys? I see what the fuck you're doing, dude."
So Caroline offered to give me another blow job.
"""And that's for fucking with Irma's mother."""
"What has happened to me? he wonders, but if he's a raving lunatic imagining all of this, he really doesn't want to know."
"And this is for you, sawed-off."
"Richard, I want that film. - Kiss my ass."
Get off of me.
"Lieutenant Forman and Abby Sherman were lovers. oh, crap."
"In all the letters, this is going to be the bitch of the bunch"
Let's get the fuck out of here.
"I'm tired of this ship... ...of being cold, of eating the same goddamn goop every day."
You got some fucking problem because I'm white?
"It's called good writing, jackass."
"Hello sir, there is a serious sick Go to India for liver tax."
"You know, my last two tenants re a pain in my ass, so it'll be nice to rent it to family. Yeah."
"Bullshit, I'm staying here alone."
"Hitting on everyone with his big stick the desperate dwarf was directly responsible for Dead Gay Guys number 6, 7,"
"'Er... big fat man, suit doesn't fit–'"
When the hell was you gonna tell me?
You've shat your pants.
"""And on what sort of living being did you intend to test this damned stuff, Magician?"""
"""What the hell is this all about?"""
"So fucking hot. I heard about your little ordeal with, uh, Psycho Mike."
I'm depressed 'cause we're all gonna die.
"So what fucking good is that if we need it in six - no, five days?"
"If it's our turn to host game, I'm gonna host goddamn game night."
You and your Jimmie rode from Texas to Tennessee to buy one of my nigger gals?
I never enjoy killing a man.
What's it like to stare into the eye of Satan's butthole?
This is his damn house.
"Let's all just put our dicks back in our pants for a second, okay?"
Coach will grill my ass on a hibachi.
What the hell?
Henry's just making a damn mess here.
It's another one of Mom's genetic monstrosities!
Darko cheats death!
I hope you’re not a hothead like your brother Sonny.
Now can you just turn the goddamn music down?
That schnitzel-loving fuck is trying to steal Vince-- Hi.
"The real me is plain, uninteresting and hates sexy underwear because it's really uncomfortable."
"He threatened us with a cartonof cigarettes, so I shot him?"
"What the fuck's happened to Charles, Tom? I wish I knew."
Damn it!
Tough shit. Self-defense.
You will destroy us.
"Linda, look at you, your body is redonkulous."
"Goddamnit, I wanna talk to him."
"Ooh, there's a place you can go downtown where you can lick whipped cream off a guy's bare chest."
If you think I'll allow a sex predator... ...in a uniform to wanderaround my house... ...and touch my underwear...
"Harlan fidgeted and said, ""Yes, sir."" (The fool!"
"Get your shit together, the client's expecting us."
"It means ""shit for luck."""
Fuckin' is just not on the menu tonight.
You drilled that into that poor moron's head.
Whether you fuck or screw or make love... It's illegal.
"While you sit back and relax And watch alcoholic, repressed insurance cops Harassing tragically misunderstood femme fatales."
"You scared the shit out of me, ringing that bell like some nutbar!"
Anythingthat's any fucking good in Chicago came from someplace else.
"My da'll beat my arse if I'm late, you know what I mean?"
Your body will be discovered more than ten hours after you die.
Don't give me that I'm sorry if u feel bullshit.
Get off of me.
Do you have any idea what these guys do to a rat?
Don't fucking touch me.
"Once he had pulled Jan into the hammock with him and they had lain there together, swinging and necking until his cock felt like a long hot stone against his lower belly."
That kid doesn't know the difference between the garbage and the drain.
"Percy, your job is to stay here and suck up to my aunt."
You should know better than anyone here that tits don't make a woman.
"Look, what makes me... us...uncomfortable is the fact that a rapist-slash-murderer... has asked to spend the last three days of his life giving an interview... his very first... to a reporter who is now famous for protecting sexual deviants... a reporter who's also a very attractive woman."
"Brad, I know this is compelling stuff, but we need... Shut up."
Just a little ass breath for my baby.
"And, uh, you've elected a man as President who is probably the unluckiest man in the world in that area."
Jimmy Brogan wouldn't know a legit cop if he punched him in the face.
"If someone says, ""Who?"" and you say-- -Morons, over here."
I came because I knew you'd ask that fuckin' question.
You are flawed and imperfect!
"Those of whom I have spoken, who are dumb under oppression, and ‘whose silence is heard only of God,’ he chose as his brothers."
You probably think I'm a fool but I always wanted to change my life.
"Football's played on a field, not in the goddamn boxes."
"Christ, he was sweating like a pig."
"""Mr. Martin, can you help me with my jizz?"""
"King Kong, if I die,"
"And Indians and Pakistanis too, who should be sent back home because he couldn't understand what the fuck they were saying, not to mention they weren't Christians."
"Here's number two Hey, what do you think you're doin', you old nut?"
Do not worry about the princess will do just stinks.
I'm so fucking tired of being sick.
He fuckin' cheated on me. - we need you to put the gun down. - he ruined everything.
Damn it.
I can't see a damn thing in here.
You shit on my house.
I only shoot up medicine.
Eddie put a bullet through his chest before they got as high as his shoulders.
By robbing and killing.
It's easy to shoot a puppet.
"When a man is hanged, he comes... ...and his semen spills to the ground."
I was proud to tell his wife I shot his killers.
I'm a bear hag.
I can... ...taste... ...your stink.
Very foolish. He was eager for his last scoop.
"In the meantime, I want the best for my family, so don't bullshit me."
"""Metal mouth"" is the latest. Little bastards."
I've come here to shoot your eyes out.
That don't mean shit.
"I mean, you're so fucking selfinvolved that you had a shitfit this morning because you wanted to look pretty for the pediatrician."""
Yeah! None of those religious freaks lifted a finger down on New Caprica against the Cylons.
Karl is quite right: we are stupid to stand here tempting fate.
Your parents were very brave... and very foolish.
Damn good coffee.
She starts fucking screaming.
When he is dead maybe it will be over.'
Look at what a savage he is.
Are you going to shoot me?
That kind of shit happens to guys like me.
"This machine gun isSameilin's, he already die"
"Aschell told me that kid was ready to roll on his brother, and you put the goddamn brakes on."
"Then we'll find a nice little fucking place somewhere. Just you and me. And we'll live happy ever after, eh?"
"No, you... You just screwed me."
Damn near killed us both.
For a good woman to fall into his clutches it'd be like being bitten by a dirty blowfly.
Quit jerking off!
"""You're crazy,"" she said, addressing both. ."
Nothing to do with the fact that I'm the brother of your archenemy.
Your garbage disposal.
I'm shitting my intestines out.
"Kicking people out, I mean."
Let everyone think I'm a slut?
So this maniac wiped out the whole team?
I can't do this shit any more.
The person that beat me up was a she.
'Cause your husband fucked my girlfriend.
Granny Weatherwax looked at her sister witches.
Tell christian I know what the fuck he's doing.
Nothing out there gonna be scarier than this shit.
"You heard me. Take that knife and fork and eat it, assface!"
"Thin and lank, her hair trailed on the room's dirty carpet."
"Giovanni, I swear to you, it's all bullshit!"
Can somebody turn the damn alarm off!
She's gross.
"Fabienne, where's my father's fucking watch?"
I accuse myself of sabotage... embezzlement of Party funds... sale of military secrets... of being in the pay of the Government of Eurasia... of being a sexual pervert and a thoughtcriminal.
"Next time you spank it, sit lndian-style. You won't come, not in a million years. MAN:"
"They're crazy, Alex."
"I got to admit it, I had you boys wrong. I thought you were scum."
He is a drunkard and his dreams are not to be relied upon.'
"As you say, you're one of the laziest people you know, but you're also ambitious for a lazy person."
Get us both shot?.
"I only need one witness to confirm this, and then I will be going to town on your ass."
"You know Barney's gonna sue us, but damn it, let's just go for it."
"I've been waiting for 45 minutes, damn it."
"""My daughter won't give birth to Jewish children. "" Period!"
"Oh, man, it is so simple to find a poor naive devil... and throw him in the slammer."
Then don't ever stick your nose in my face again.
Good to know your journalistic integrity is fucking unimpeachable.
"‘Shit, I thought those guys were coming for me, like somebody had called the cops on account of me being up there spraying a scrip or something."
And she's a dwarf.
"Technically, Charlie paid for the sex."
"""Yeah, well, my father just tore me a new asshole over this one,"" Vice President Jackson said."
A butch one with a pipe.
It's his fucking career.
"I'm... smart. I'm extremely attractive. Plus, I'm a sexual dynamo."
What the fuck would you know about managing rock bands?
"""I've moved so many big piles of shit in my life, figure I could throw a little dab like you clean over the barn."""
Why the heck are YOU not going?
So how do you Like our shithole town?
And screw the birds!
Traitor! - What do you know about cooking Dwarf?
"What'd you do with my goddamn kid, Burt?"
He goes there from time to time to see a lewd woman.
"You're in my world, bitch."
Shut that baby up.
What's shisit?
He said you're the beast! - Come on!
I'm gonna lay my mutated head at her feet
"Whatever the motivation, the idea was very dangerous and stupid."
"What the fuck? - Restraining order. Commander Cross, here we are again, addressing the illegalities perpetuated by your division."
"She leered in through the side window, and there was such ferocity in her eyes that it wouldn't have surprised Christine if, in spite of her size and age, the hag had torn the door off."
How'd that bastard become a teacher?
"I don't need to prove shit to you, man, okay?"
"And tell my old boss, to suck it."
Listen here. They're all dogs here.
That's because... they are all the fucking same!
His wife is fucking up.
Killing us won't change anything.
"First-class fuck-up, third-class rock star."
You bet your ass it will.
Oops! Shit.
What you want to shoot me for?
"For fuck's sake, Alf!"
It's going to do some fucking damage.
Are you bitches seriously trying to ignore me right now?
"""white cab drivers are weird."""
I should be run over by a hansom crossing the street!
Let's see how many times I can shout out about your little hole before I bleed out.
See how shit have to be handled?
"Every Friday night, you and your boys would shoot crap, right?"
But what the hell he's so scared about beats me!
And stick my waterfront project up his ass while I was at it.
She wants him to marry this girl Olivia. I think she's a distant cousin. It's sick.
Shooting grendels had been easier work.
Tom thinks it's shit.
"""Throw him in the cell!"
After that . . . Shaithis could have bitten off his forked tongue.
"When you have my crown, will you not kill my descendants, bury my name?"
It was a smell of blood and douche and sachet and hair spray and roll-on deodorant and perfumes with fuck-me names like My Sin and White Shoulders and Obsession.
"""I won't die on you, Anita."
Do not be so childish.
"Don't be an idiot. Do you wanna win, or do you just wanna win Serena?"
"Looks like a Bug was in his brain, sir."
"Had you known of my real mother, you might have succeeded, but your rape of my mind was ever incomplete."
We don't need your damn help.
Our platoon commander's on watch how fucking righteous is that?
"Quinn, you and Montez hold shit down here."
"Oh, shit, that's Kate, wanting me back at work."
But never before has anyone out of sheer laziness... written down such crap.
Do you want to hear something fucked up?
You push a button and money Comes out a fucking slot.
"Take the shot, man."
Do you want to have sex with me later?
"Louis was a little embarrassed by her ardor, but he felt a large, stupid grin spreading across his own face just the same."
Wanton murder of one of your own men... and cowardice in the face of the enemy.
"These stood quietly, stretching out their heads and flowing manes, while their foals rested in their shadow, or now and then came and sucked them."
"Hey, ain't nobody can handle a Glock to the face."
And I remember the poem. When the Jews return to Zion... ...and a comet fills the sky... ...and the Holy Roman Empire rises... ...then you and I must die.
Who the hell is Jimmy MacElroy?
"Mexicans, out of the fucking kitchen!"
Damn those proofs!
The young recruits in particular were for the most part useless.
"Well, if you insist on being an ass, I can't stop you, but there is the small matter of my putting the deed to my apartment in your name."
"Drop the fucking gun, or your friend dies."
You're such a pig! You even get wasted on Christmas Eve!
Shoot it twice.
Would you like some boiling hot coffee in your face?
"Play it cool, Martin, you silver-tongued devil."
Try not to fuck either of them.
"Between him and Sammy Gravano, they whacked a dozen bums."
"No, he don't know he's gotta go, but I can't stand fuckin' talking to him."
You see that shit?
"Marilyn Dean looks like shit, and now it is my business."
I'd like to bang the dean's wife though.
Give me one reason I shouldn't kill you.
Dad was... is a butcher.
"The girl's a skank. Says Pam, the girl who scored a 63 on the purity test."
"Yeah, no shit, Jeff!"
I bet this still shoots.
May have bled into his brain or had a heart attack.
They're all so fuckin' boring.
"So, come on, how do you kill the sucubus, then?"
It sucks not having a father.
How could he fucking forget you.
"You know, l-I mean, I've been gone for a week, and I come home, and you're all filmy."
The tattoo on your wrist is Macau sex trade.
You let her fuck with you like that?
No wonder you're still a virgin.
Some motherfucker with a little flute?
"Damn, with an encyclopedia in one hand and a bloody mary in the other."
"But the point is, I trashed my place, told my landlord to suck it, because I'm not gonna need my apartment anymore, and you know what?"
Damn paintings!
"But, damn it, I needed more privacy."
I thought I made myself clear when I said your punk ass was no longer in business.
It's gonna feel even better when we set it on fire.
"How fitting you should die... ...with a song on your lips, Mollari."
"Hey, shithead, when was the last time you picked your feet, huh?"
Let's get the fuck out of here.
"And? We fuckin' outnumber him, 2 to 1."
"Now, I need a little time to deal with this stinking Krilencu."
Fuck that. You know what I say?
All French mothers are crazyabout theirsons.
"It will be so difficult, not to mention dangerous, for the thief to work his way through so much rotten rock, that he will probably be satisfied with what he finds in the fool’s chamber."""
The gay cause is his political career's platform... ...and he wants to set an example.
Don't buy me any more diamonds or sapphires or any other damn thing.
"The elves'd cut us to meat and hang us up to dry."""
Brett barging in and the kids are fucking all over me.
What the hell is with all the cats?
"Since then I've been shot at, beaten, and hunted like an animal."
Just tell me why they want to kill me.
What's all that shit?
"No cash, no story for the magazine... and on top of everything else, I had a gigantic goddamn hotel bill to deal with."
"I'd rather not kill you, I need information."
Or like a guy who can shoot stinging foam into your eyes... or something like that.
He didn't tell me because he feels sorry for me because I am a pathetic spinster with no prospects.
"Damn it, come on, John."
"All I'm saying is, why not just sink the damn boat?"
You better start saying what the fuck I wanna hear.
"That bum, Shapiro, probably uses his own daughter to launder money."
They want a shot with guys like you.
Don't fuck.
"Timing is everything, you little brute!"
Don himself had had first-class passage booked for the Valkyrie and Mars but he was glad that he had not been silly enough to object when he saw the disgruntled returning with their tails between their legs.
If you support me then we can entirely shut that man's mouth.
Fuck! Two minutes till we go live.
Sex Camp.
"i can beat him, damn it!"
But my favorite time was when you Beat the shit out of Ula with a bat And we drove up to see Dr. Keats
What the hell are we supposed to do?
"Yeah, you're not so fucking beautiful now, are you, Ray?"
"Oh, I never thought waking up in bed with another woman... ...with frosting on my boobs would be this depressing."
You shut it.
"Kiddo, if you had been there, you would have taken exactly the same shot I did."
"Don't be a slob, don't get a job, go back to class, you can pass."
"I've seen boobs reflected in cars, toasters, mirrors."
They're kicking me to the kerb next week.
"My puppet, you're upset?"
And they live amongst us. But we have a plan to kill them.
You could've heard about her coughing up blood on her knees in a shit box with no heat.
You should not have tried to screw me!
"It's not just Paris: Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Tara Reid... they're all stupid spoiled whores!"
How mad are you?
You're crazy ! I don't have your ring.
Falsely accused by those devil Jesuits.
I gotta givethose bastards points for originality.
How about the honor of my garbage can?
"When I was young, I was always told, in great detail, if I touched a boy before marriage, I'd go to hell."
Fugitives in a blue flatbed truck.
The reason I was targeted because I received an anonymous tip about heroin being distributed through Westfield distribution center by at least two dirty cops.
You practically kissed his smelly Colombian ass that day.
"The blackness exploded like a rotted, gas-filled pocket of guts."
"Look, go in there and kill it. We'll see you at rehearsal afterwards."
Four: we destroy it with sledgehammers.
"None of your business, dwarf."
"Sad, pathetic little bastards living in their parents' basement... downloading scripts and what they think is inside information... about movies and actors that they claim to despise yet... can't stop discussing."
"He's a big man, he's a rich fucking man."
"Mister, you're grounded till you die."
Don't worry. I am gonna crush this.
What the hell is she doing here?
You fucking betrayed me.
"If it comes to damage to an apartment caused by shit or piss or vomit or blood, it's usually one of our well-to-do tenants."
Little fucker might have phoned home.
"35 years later, no one knows who the fuck she is."
What I would do is spike his morning cocktail with a potent sedative before dragging his body to the Gulf and... ...Feeding it to a shark.
Oh shut up.
"And what to say about Darwin, whom everybody took for a fool when he put forth his theory of evolution."
"Nah, Frank's all trying to shave me and shit."
"Nothing, if you're a handsome, divorced doctor. But for the rest of us single women, it's kind of a giant cosmic bitch slap."
I don't know what all he saw of me in his dirty imagination!
He was given this disease so that he would kill himself.
I gota lot of shit to do.
You put your head in the bucket!
"Hey Japanese, you are not allowed here!"
"I'll buy this goddamn place, if necessary, and I'm out of here."
"You knowwhat this shit is, yeah?"
"Somebody put a slug on me, probably with a blackjack."
"""Shit, sorry!"" Paul said."
They cut us to fuckin' pieces.
I didn't even think that shit was possible.
"And when you say shitlike that, for one minute it is the truth!"
They're all gonna die.
You're the one that tried to kill me?!
We're always after who fucked up.
You know those gypsies like a drink at a wake.
I want you to hurt like I do!
"Yeah, well, Sister Josephine was an ogre."
"My, you are a strutting little egotist."
"I ain't doing shit around this dude, man."
"No, I didn't see a fucking fight."
"Mr. Ford, how badly do you want to screw your insurance company That let your son die?"
"I'll tell you,I don't know which fucking leg it's in."
We're both the same--scum.
Who the hell are you to warn people about us?
"Tomas either you act like the man I married, or sleep with the dogs!"
"Of all the mean... rotten... contemptible, crooked -"
Hell of a place to die.
Unless you sacrifice princesses ye stupid compared to this god.
"In your own crazy and miserable way, you fought on... until they had to drag you away and lock you in an iron box..."
"I tell ya, I'm about as crazy as a dog in a hubcap factory."
"And each time a Gray fell, another would walk out coolly until all the Browns were dead."
It takes a man with a crazy big hog to admit when he's wrong.
"Taylor, blow the horn. ... a quarter right out of your ear."
"He didn’t even have a gun with him, only the issue taser, and while that would knock a man on his ass with a single hit, you had to be pretty close to get that hit."
Willow's in a fucking coma?
Open fire immediately.
"Never with you, blowjob queen of New York."
That's poop.
The man buried there is the only one who died of pneumonia in this cursed town!
An elephant is dangerous because he's such a hearty bugger.
I don't want a gay dog.
The -- the suspects were black and hispanic.
These Hellborn are killing off the farmers and merchants and they're burning the towns.
"I've found you, you fuck."
How the hell did she know what we were up to?
Right in the fucking face.
"""lf you were not a bride, I should kiss you goodbye. """
"""Shit, Wanderman—the Old Lady's brigged Coulter and Showforth."
Who's put me on fucking YouTube?
"You have to embrace it, and you have to sell it, and even if you suck, part of the joy is seeing that you know..."
"You seriously need to get your shit together, Louis."
You remember last time when you wanted me to take a ride in your fanny? Of course.
"Well, big Jake can't remember shit right now, but little Jake is screaming, ""I'm home!"""
No court will uphold this nonsense.
"Their weapons are better than ours, but aside from that, theyre absolute savages."
Slaves have only one purpose.
It looked ugly and pathetic and scared him to death—no way that’d keep the Grievers out.
The whole thing's ridiculous. We checked him out and his wife.
"Whatever shit you stir up, make sure the Nords stay clear of it."
"Morning, you little prick."
"Gobind bhai, can I come to your house to shoot?"
Open the damn gate!
"And with that, he unzipped his fly and hauled out his manhood."
"Damn, you people got a funky sense of humor."
What the hell's wrong with you?!
"""Strikes me, gentlemen, we've got a homicidal maniac aboard."
"""Think Lecter was jerking her off too?"""
Liar! I'm sick of your lying ass!
Cancel the magician.
Eugene dragged Aaron’s face from his crotch and sneered down at his pale face.
I don't like that man.
"Oshare, you vain thing!"
When those bloody Εnglish cricket players threw me out of their club like a dog... I never complained.
"You ever do anything like this, and l'il kill you, understand?"
"Jeffreys could only have put him in here to kill him, and when Jeffreys set his mind to killing someone there was no stopping him, he did it the way a farmer’s wife plucked a chicken."
"If she want take us back simply because I had sex with her mother, then that's her problem."
She can suck a golf ball through 20 feet of garden hose.
Now we can get these fuckin' chains off.
"""Oh shit, Abe, I showed first three times in a row before that."
I will pluck out my own eyeballs!
"How are ya? Did you catch that picture of you in the news last week, Dick?"
"They stood watching me, Devore occasionally picking the mask up from his lap and having a revivifying suck."
"Mary Pat Foley strolled into her office, as she did nearly every morn­ing, and as always turned on her computer—if there was one thing she'd learned from SORGE, it was to turn the damned thing all the way off when she wasn't using it."
Why do you talk like a cartoon chipmunk?
'This is the man who lit the whole fucking TR on fire as a way of saying goodbye when he headed west to sunny California.
"""Shit happens""? I have to say, usually you're a little more glib."
"Yeah, there you go again, motherfucker, jumping to conclusions."
"I pulled his boner out of my mouth, and I started spitting."
It's stup...
Girls are pack animals.
"You good? He looks like shit, but he's working."
"""Damn it,"" Hewitt said."
"(clears throat) George Tucker, I always knew that you were immature."
"He can eat busted bottles and rusty nails, any damn thing."
"""Shut up!"
Shem needs a woman.
Who the fuck gets married on Halloween anyhow?
Let's fight them
I don't have to stand here and take this crap.
"Damn it, we're the only ones left!"
Will you stop grieving about that hunk of shit and sit down?
You were my fuckin' hero.
"There we were, we were all gathered around the vending machine after another arse-numbingly boring day."
Why don't you just get a knife and stick it in here?
Those Janissaries are being put to the sword by Polish hussars.”
"If you imagine it, y'know, they probably shot it here."
"But if you don't stop 'pologizing, I'm not gonna give you a goddamn drop."
You can even wear his suits. But you ain't never gonna be nothin' to him... but an ugly-ass chimp in a blue suit.
Where is that stinking dog?
"Who would want you dead, Mr. Hamilton?"
"Sure, the gun was loaded with blanks,"" Ryan said, ""but it damned sure looked and sounded like the real thing."
"What are we to make of your choice at age 9 to dress up for Halloween as a fried corpse, freshly electrocuted in the electric chair?"
"Please, shut up, man."
The wife took two shots to the head .
"I expected the mississippi to be cold, But this was ridiculous. Jim:"
You got two seconds if you don't cut the crap!
"Shit, Sook, I looked everywhere."
It needed these people eliminated.
What if Yvette fucked around on you... ...took your car and left youin a hot house all day with a baby?
"What the fuck was I talking about, man?"
So you fucked the lawyer.
Your tongue got my sister pregnant
"I know it sounds dumb, but it was good seeing you today."
"I just wanted to say... start with the teeth in the back, if you don't mind."
You're the one who's So fuckin' certain.
"I'm going to need your small, ridiculous tie."
Do any of you fucking guys talk?
"If you get us killed, we have no regrets."
"She was going to have to go out there and drag him back in, dammit."
It's where we brought the women to die.
I understand you have to bullshit your barristers to keep them happy.
You chased him... ...cornered him and burned him to death.
Of course we have the goddamn deed to it.
Hell of a way to earn your citizenship. Shit.
We are in the fucking '80s?
My evil stepsister.
Blow the roof.
What's that term you witches are so fond of?
They have rats down there.
Put your damn hands behind your head!
Had your tongue down her throat?
"Uncool is trying to give an honest man a big box of porn, Andy."
Tonight is the fuckin' night.
"The real hell of it was, this pile of trash on his desk wasn't really trash after all."
"There's a big fucking sign that says, ""Stop in the name of SPYrid."""
What the fuck is he doing?
"Gonna start that ""yeah, what?"" shit again?"
Ugh. Damn it.
"He was in civilian clothes, and he had a rosy round face with a ridiculous little black moustache with upturned ends."
All I've got at home is one pony and two dogs and four cats and six rabbits... ...and two parakeets and three canaries and a green parrot and a turtle... ...and a silly old hamster.
I'm gonna toss you down there.
We know how foul a savior you are.
"Forget I said ""future."" - don't talk to your father that way. - fuck you, mom."
"So, don't tell me that I am upset, damn it!"
That ugly one is Coke Hayes.
"Hard as you worked, as much shit as you had to eat, the only way it makes any sense to kill him is if you sign everything you got across to me first."
"Trying to kill to keep yourself alive, I imagine."
You know the Caribbean Club? - High class ass.
And we killed it.
That man is going to die for no reason but we want him dead.
That man could make the devil himself cry.
So he'd come here and you could kill him? Exacto!
I'm touching my own dick.
This random loser cat tried to be my pet.
Which of you two gluttonous peacocks is the Florentine banker?
You were a fucking finalist on Flavor of Love All-Stars!
"You're too drunk, man, and you're a lousy swimmer."
"Look at the motherfuckers, you know how I found out they was bigfoot?"
You got to be friggin' kidding me.
"""Only these xenos want to be stars."
Sagittarons who let that murderer treat them.
He should compensate me for the fucking rug.
I've been reading too many trashy magazines.
Sounds like your law firm paid Noah to kill a fellow attorney.
"You sitting there like you're God Almighty when everyone here knows that, as a man, you are a waste of skin."
I heard Amy's gay.
A dumb show that bashed Lynn in the head.
"So I think, on a whole, your average joe mexican's Going to have less of a problem getting his head around The whole fucking assimilation thing!"
"And crystal meth ain't, motherfucker?"
You'll kill him .
Two fuckin' days and nights.
We kill too.
"In his head, Hakiem damned Monkel for his secrecy."
"youfreak!' A terrible, muted cry came from the soldier's throat; it was atonce guttural and clear, a cross between a roar of final anger anda wail."
"Will you stop fucking up my life, Toby?"
"And we almost got blowjobs, until you showed up!"
"Jesus, who the fuck is that?"
That you threw him out for trying to steal a penknife a few months back or some damn thing.
"What, does your mother think you're in the fucking army or something?"
You shouldn't even be here in this country.
"If that dolt of a cousin of yours, Dudley, gives you any grief... ...you could always threaten him... ...with a nice pair of earsto go with his tail."
Probably have your bloody friend Norrington to thank for that.
"Perhaps he had beastly vile ideas about married life, come from living with savages."
His corruption goes nuclear.
Are you talking about her moral character or the size of her breasts?
All the girls are like... - Who's that brave ass dude?
"If I see you near my wife or my children - - less than a mile, I swear by mother's name, - - that I'll kill you!"
"When l walked in, he wasn't wearing shit."
The vessel was slowly rising and now the anchor was beyond the blacks who faced me and several feet above their heads.
"Well stop thinking about it, damn it, and do it!"
"If you ever... come within a thousand yards of my daughter again, I'll put you away for the rest of your natural life."
"You've got a lot of potential for a rookie, but damn, you're ragged."
We stabbed him in the eye with a spoon.
You're telling me I'm gonna die-- l ain't dying in nofire tomorrow.
"In a rage, he kills her... taking her keys to get rid of any incriminating evidence of the affair at her office."
Dragging our sorry asses all the way to the edge of the galaxy--
What the fuck wrong?
"She's a monster now, elijah. The sweet peasant girl you fell in love with"
"Marvin, give me a gun."
"And another thing, nobody likes a wise ass, kid."
You're a lousy player.
"But, to me, more than any other rock musician, he is...the baddest motherfucker in the world."
"Wrapped around Beau Randolph's neck, strangling him to death."
It disturbs your racist consciousness.
I got your dad's rat pistol in my workshop.
I was really fucked up.
You shot me in my fucking mouth?
"I did not put these representative citizens of Strand on the stand... ...to prove anything, Your Honor,and ladies and gentlemen of the jury... ...except that on their oaths... ...to tell the truth and nothingbut the truth, so help them God... ...they are liars!"
You're brainless!
No. You think you should've asked me that before you motherfucked me?
Your teeth are going to fall out.
"NIXON ON TAPE: They'd better not push me on him, or I'll just kick them in the teeth on it."
I'm fucking furious!
"Serena thinks Blair blocked her from getting into Hamilton house and is going ""Jersey shore"" on her ass."
And she lost the plot and whipped out a hunting knife from nowhere and stabbed him to death?
Jimmy's always yapping in my ear about what a crappy job we did raising him.
We'll ship your ass off to rehab... again.
"Yeah, people... - Damn it. ... it really is the end of the world."
God damn it.
You know the money we spend in this fucking--
""".. ever..."" .. fuck Mia again."
"Right. So shut up, get in the truck before I change my mind."
I hope he felt his head blow off his face!
Maybe she was blushing because she was lying her ass off.
Your Mr. Quance eats like a horse and swears something terrible.
"Forget you, man! See, you a punk!"
August once dropped me in the middle of this monkey act.
"And, for the record, I don't give a shit that he cheated on me."
"You want shit done, you gotta do it yourself."
Saying that she's a monster just by using this... It'll probably only make people think that I've gone crazy.
I don't give a shit about the victims' money.
Damn! The days go on and on.
What the hell am I supposed to do?
"You know, you're not nearly as dumb as Kellerman thinks you are."
"And hurry up, 'cause I don't got time to fuck around today. Whoa whoa."
You drive me crazy.
"""Aw, crap,"" I whimpered."
Or we' ll open fire!
"When we got this damn thing translated, it turned out to be an order for us to pack up and leave and turn over power to the Orthos."
That's our kill zone.
"Anyway, they let him pick the movies, right? And we saw some fucking amazing..."
21 is pretty young to be a goddamn psychiatrist.
Shut up. I look at least 14.
"For example... a dope fiend... refers to the reefer butt... as a ""roach""... because... it resembles a cockroach."
I'd like to squeeze it out of him like blood out of an orange.
"When he was finished, he put the butt into the pan along with the ashes and weighed what was there."
You think it's normal that your son left school to have in-home orgies?
"I'm gonna wash my hands, and make you a dynamite plate."
Stinkin' bureaucrats...
You fucked with me once.
Dryden can't even write a shag map.
"Well, you just used up your entire allotment of dumb luck."
"Sure, sure, strangling."
Where the hell are those kids?
That's where your balls are.
I don't care what the symptoms are. My girlfriend is not gonna give you a prostate exam.
This flame will burn away the darkness... ...burn you away to paradise!
Lot of sick people.
Burn him!
He's killing with rage.
"They took your life away from you over a stupid, pissy little word."
Its the most awful place in the world.
What the hell have you been waiting for?!
"He could have shot you four times while you were swinging on him."""
I would risk getting arrested as well as lose everything I've worked for at college for the past four years just to punch you?
You know he's a witch.
'But we didn't ...' she gulped as he pinned her to the wall and positioned himself between her legs.
What we are dealing with are intelligent machines programmed to kill.
You kill any commies?
On YouTube it looked like you got your ass kicked.
"Now, to get an erection, what this man does is... he squeezes his pump, and it forces a fluid... that goes in the cylinders into the shaft."
"If you think I'm going anywhere with you, you're bloody crazy."
Feed it useless information.
A shrink who's been having sex with her patient's boyfriend.
Suck my unit!
I believe I've just shot Jock.
"Why are you looking at me like that, you goon?"
Now that's a freaking soldier of God.
I want a shot of that bruise right now.
He killed your lowers.
"Great Breca, the Troll-house Pisser!"
He wanted to go in the garbage can.
"""Kitty Does Kiev."" - Porn."
Branch leader Togawa Taro actually asked an outsider to kill his sub-head
"Let others build junk, I don't want it crashing down on my head."
Ridiculous. ...Joe Kingman could have succeeded on talent alone.
"Pretty soon, the whole town's gonna starve to death."
"That's right. We need a three-point man, a man who can shoot the pill, a man who can thrill."
You wouldn't be surprised to hear that I'm nuts about you.
"When the paper comes, throw it the fuck away."
They are fat.
Damn Brotherhood shit-kickers.
You're the one with his nose always up alpha's ass?
"'Well, boss, all I can say is it's a good job rats don't wear underwear Thanks, boss,' said Sardines."
Crime is out of fucking control.
My congratulations on your bountiful kill.
Let's say I need to get into one of these fuckin' ritzy parties.
I feel like shit about what I said and your daughter and everything.
"He knew there'd be sex and pain, but I don't think he knew they'd come this close to killing him."
"What the hell are we doing here, Deac?"
"Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes working jobs we hate, so we can buy shit we don't need."
"""If that gun in your hand goes off, you'll be pissing into a diaper the rest of your life."
"Joanna, he's famously awful."
Normal doesn't put asses in the seats Donna.
"It's okay, I'll just wait here while you go make me a whole new birthday breakfast not covered in garbage."
"Felix, what the hell are you doing back there?"
"You and me, sitting here, watching TV while the good-looking owner of the house is out on the deck swapping spit with a hot chick."
"Getting particular of where he was gone, I realise now... was a fucking mistake, which happened because I'm so fucking upset."
"Is this some healing hands, voodoo, wheat grass jackass?"
Are you scared of clowns or some shit?
Not that you give a crap who's who.
"I totally outshined that bitch, and she's totally jealous, that's all that it's about."
I don't want to have all day to sit around and think about how half of me is fucking dead for fucking ever.
"Give me that ham, you stupid dog!"
"Hi, Craig, you need to call off your mouth-foaming-bitch-of-a-wife!"
4:30 in the morning. Shooting jumpers till you can't feel your hands.
"Shut up, and we'll tell you when to worry."
"Shit, what other sacrifices do I have to make?"
Somebody left a bunch of fucking money here!
"I was working as a copyboy at Associated Press, and I was able to manage things. Except that I was living in a $13 a month, cold water apartment filled with junkies and thieves."
I hope you find your moose killer.
That is not a dick in my hand.
So neither of you guys are gonna tell me what the fuck we're doing?
We're in France. It's your job to protect us. Cut the crap.
"You're supposed to be in Switzerland, you son of a bitch!"
Yardley. Knock his bloody head off.
"And now, dear England, finally, France can once and forever more, shut up!"
What the hell's he doin'?
"Remember, you old bastard?"
She needs an mri of her brain.
"Ghetto retard, barely educated, brought up in a gang environment."
Are you sure she has to die?
Get off of me!
I want 10 more minuteswith this piece of shit before his lawyer shows.
Felony or misdemeanor asshole-ish-ness?
"""The poor bastards are always in the light, with their senior officers about."
A sledgehammer smashed into her face.
That's fucking amazing.
"""Nazi Jerk Offs""-- the list just goes on and on."
You don't fucking know us!
"I'd got Tony with me... and like a fool, I just bought a new shade for the lamp in the drawing room."
"Susima said, ""To rule an empire, to be a great Emperor... one needs to kill."""
"Sometimes we apply the shocks directly to the genitals, which can enhance the treatment's efficacy."
Death to the Al Fayeed! (grunts)
"We are facing a horde of ginger maniacs with wild goats nesting in their huge orange beards, or to put it into another way: the skots."
You'll never amount to anything if you're dead.
All the cheerleaders are suffering from an evil curse.
"They're trying to, you know, take an active interest in me. Gross."
"Some more kinky coffee, ladies."
"He punched so many holes in my face, I had spit shooting out of my cheeks."
"The ""fella"" is called Alfred."
What the hell's wrong with this option?
Killing the ones who hadn't changed.
I cursed her under my breath while every day I thanked God for allowing me to wash my hands of her.
"Tied in a sack, with stones around your wrists and ankles."
Imagine what three goddamn nukes would do!
I suppose I could take a four-inch shark hook and a length of no-shit chain and drop it overboard with a bunch of bait on it.
"You don't tell us where they are and other people die, the FBI will nail you to the wall."
You had sex with a beautiful woman for me?
Grabbed in to my throat.
"Fuck, and those?"
You took a fucking shot at me and you hit my kid.
Some fun is forbidden just because assholes in a priest outfit or a tie say so.
"Her brain is damaged by excessive drinking or insufficient diet, pretty obviously the latter."
Here comes a bullet.
"Unlike what you see on TV, most killers aren't that smart or clever."
"Carrie, it's a fricking voice."
Be fucking grateful for a change.
Those men might have killed that Indian.
My arms broke out in gooseflesh and I could feel my balls tightening.
This shit ain't funny no more!
"Yeah, he thought I was either unwilling or too inept to handle my assignment."
All this damn noise!
She's fucking another guy.
"Those sickly, perverted voices... that whisper... psst psst psst.. and mock... ha ha ha!"
Get off me!
That connects me to every scumbag in the city.
Hit him back!
"Um, you must be marcy. i'm-- - getting your pants and getting the fuck out of my house."
Thinking of fucking me in a Tiffany music video?
"He took a step forward, raising his hand to strike her senseless."
This sucker's electrical but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts...
Since you have been a racist.
"They hanged her... ...tearing off her mask, exposing her hideous face to the light."
"You fucked up my dream, Max."
The guy was gonna stab him!
"Harvard and Lindsay, I'm here to tell you that the crazy-ass muffin club is a ruse."
"'She's the hag o' these hills,' said Rob, ignoring her."
Interesting side note: Despite these anomalies the patient's genitals remain entirely intact and unaffected.
"Put that goddamn thing down, Ernie, before you hurt somebody. Jesus."
"God bless America, and God bless Big Fat Liar!"
Can you believe that shit?
Battalion S-2's being a real Jerk about mail from the East.
And if you got your bloody phone on you I'll find it
"Like my dad said, ""Nobody likes a crybaby except their mommies and Democrats."""
"You asked for an explanation, but you're too dim-witted to accept it."
"Come back here, you... kidnapper!"
"Shit, it's moving away!"
"If you press the club on this, if you crawl up our ass right now, it's not gonna help either one of us or this town."
"Clearly, you're having sex with him."
"Shit, I hate these machines,"
I want your key inside of me.
We're all just dogs.
"Sorry, old-timer but you're only part poison, and I'm hungry for meat."
I told you I hate your cryin'!
"""When your mommy uses her breasts to feed a baby she is feeding her baby the"
"I may die in this cell tonight, or in the arena tomorrow."
She left all of her stuff there like a crazy person.
"You were just as dead, burned by a childish man, as you would be if another killed you."
Although we'd probably fight over who got to shoot him first.
Best goddamn sniper I had the privilege of working with.
"We untie him, we clean him up... .. and we march him out of herewith a gun in his back."
"Drink up, turd-faces, 'cause Kelly's dad's paying for all this, and he hates my guts."
"After waiting three goddamn days by the fuckin' phone, he calls me last night and says Joe's ready, he'll pick me up in 15 minutes."
"What is it, April fools'?"
Caesar would've fucked Medusa if she'd worn a crown.
You ain't shit.
Now get the hell off my gate before I stop being polite.
We shoot the cop gets the punishment obviously harder.
That shit's strong.
"The morel know of him, the more I hate him. $1 0 for this shit?"
"Now, the only reasonable question to ask after that is, what the fuck is going on?"
Need I remind you that you took that child to a cock fight?
The one you're magically gonna get by sulking and acting like a brat?
What the hell happened to this place?
Thanks for living up a fucking hill.
Don't you fuckin' get it?
"Oh, get your hands off your junk!"
"His pathetic ""New New Hebrides Defense Fleet"" was a joke."
Get back down and fucking stay down.
"See how you treat me, Juan? You're a drag."
"I mean, we all have moments of deja vu... ...but this was ridiculous."
Mark's a prematurely middle-aged prick with a cruel-raced ex-wife.
"Useless to try what how it is, kid!"
"River of blood comes out of your place, hangs a left on Witcham, I'd expect the cops."
"Lloyd, bullshit with fear, continued to fire."
You're a tease and you know it.
"You know what? if you're so goddamn smart, what are you doing here?"
"You're buckin' a sucker's game, Kid. You can't beat it."
I like children...fried.
My room is a disgrace.
Gross Oh my God!
"""I could have killed you,"" she said."
That's exactly the kind of pigheaded crap that will make Stalin think we are the next enemy.
My favorite Swedish dinner would be baby seal and whale ass in the summer.
"""A trifle more of that man,"" he would say, ""and I should explode."""
Always criticizing my shit.
"I mean, some good shit."
I got nowhere to go. Shit!
"You was always late, fool! Say it again! Say it again!"
"Yeah, but it's so silly."
"Okay, this is not a judgment about the therapist, but I just want to point out that all the magazines here suck."
We'd both be destroyed.
"Eight hundred million Red Chinese didn't give a shit, in Normanspeak."
"Sorry, old chum. But we all have to give the devil his due."
Get your fun in this trashy world
They would stare at her legs... And her breasts... And her hair.
"Well, they're a damn sight more interesting Than british kings."
Not having sex with you.
Damn! I'm gonna have to remember this place.
"Hi Dumb Man, how are you?"
"I might never see Abby again and the last thing I said was ""turn off the fucking light""?"
"Bloody hell, I thought you were supposed to be cool, man."
"""If you gotta puke, Duffy, just puke."""
"Now, please will you pinch this shit off?"
I was looking through this porn site called BigBlackFurburger.Com.
That was the most fucked up thing you've ever done to me.
"It fuckin' hurts like hell, man."
You must strike the core in a single shot.
Why is Lotte Lindenthal a stupid cow?
"Hell, no. He's FBl."
Now get out of my goddamn bar.
Fucking idiot coming here.
"You're not wearing a tank top and fucking shorts on The View, Drama."
Wasn't fucking funny.
"Hey, what the hell are you doing?"
You hit the garbage.
"look, uh, all my life, I've been eating hamburgers, and then I got to try this amazing piece of steak, and now, I can't enjoy these super slutty hamburgers..."
"And your family... your mother's mental illness... a psychotic break, two years at Bedford Hospital."
'SHE KILLED SIRIUS!' bellowed Harry.
"Well, he's got balls."
I'm so sick of this crap!
"Casa de mi Padre, abstract shit with Will Ferrell."
I can honestly say I've never received a better blowjob in my life.
"Jim, do you know anything about some fucker called Nordle?"
"'Is that your advice then, Antikas Karios, to kill the child?'"
"Filthy. No excuses, Stiles."
Sucking the brains out of all those zoo animals is not entertainment.
Looked like a big lesbian mule.
Belgrado was in a terrible mental state.
Black goes first.
The little man might be something of a dandy but he was evidently not a fop.
We throw a urine test at them once a month.
"It was just like, take a sword, cut off your head, and then weep."
"We out getting Mongolian barbecue, and we come across your little weak-ass ride."
"If anyone should be done with girls, it's me."
Who'd have fuckin' thought that?
"Any time you try a decent crime, you've got 50 ways you can fuck up."
"If Blackbriar goes south, we'll roll it up, hang it around her neck and start over."
Death.
Reading Jane Austen is a freaking minefield.
"You know, you might be a little too screwed up."
"Speltzer may have a lizard brain like me, but his shortcoming is he doesn't have much of a human brain."
"You couldn't hide behind books... ...or your fricking telescope, or your faith."
"Then you explain to me, no jargon, no spooky bullshit, exactly what's going on, OK?"
"Moving on, you killed all my business."
"See how much of this shit is ""the true truth""... and how much of it is yourtruth."
Wouldn't you just die?
Where's the goddamn D.Z.?
Nobody fucks my mother in the past!
"You know, that person that sucks the spit out of your mouth with that little wetvac Yes. and then gives you the free toothbrush and the lollipop."
"When we get more, you'll be the first to know. That's bullshit, man."
"If you're gonna mug somebody, you'd use a knife or a gun, not a hammer."
"Yeah, Paolo's probably just lying to cover his ass. But since Henry was adopted, I guess it's possible that he had a brother."
We must be cut off.
I'm not going to fuckin' prison!
"That's the only way we survive. Uh, you mind telling us who the hell you are?"
I'm not fucking going anywhere!
"Go to your room, I'm sick of you!"
"The Indian gave it to us, for shit sake."
Let's just cut the shit and find him!
"Come on. Tell him to cut me down, Jewels."
"Look, pal, um, it's a tough break, but, um, well, damn it, your wife's been pinched."
What the fuck you think?
A gallows-hung scoundrel is what I see. With an ill-fitting coat to hide his sores!
"Alice, what the fuck are you doing?"
"'Damn you!' shouted Jimmy, near tears."
Why do you give a fuck who wins the strike?
So they say that his father... is the Devil!
A private dick.
Let the alphas sniff each other's behinds before we let the rest of the pack in.
Let's blast him. - Whoa!
He's just so sad because his wife says he can have sex with other people.
I'm going to roast you a chicken with candles around it.
They would have said they were a runway model for Gucci or Dolce or some bullshit.
We have to bury Hitler somewhere.
"Tomorrow, when we get this I.R.S. shit figured out."
What is this wave shit? - Freshman!
"So if he is truly... ...catatonic, if I stuck himwith this needle..."
"You just killed us,Jasper."
Don't you know what a 'slap cock' is?
I will not have that fucking tone. I defend you at every turn.
"""You're killing him,"" Xar observed."
"Haplo should have expected as muchafter all, she had been sent to kill him."
As soon as I can scan her brain.
"Are you insane, don't you know how much pressure we're under?!"
"Hundreds of years ago, the Triads would kill their enemies... with 100 cuts to the body."
Where's that goddamn artillery?
You suck at giving advice.
"I know, but what better way to show I'm really in charge than by hiring someone as terrible as you?"
"Well, what the fuck, dude?"
Driving me fuckin' crazy.
The Germans will make fun of you.
We killed the Finance and we have his men with us.
"Don't grab it by hands but when it comes here, then put it between your legs."
That their father is homosexual. He's got good taste and that hes lucky.
He should've let me take the shot.
Yeah. Jane? Fag?
"No, guys don't talk about shit like that."
"You know Jordan's doing the sex cleanse herself, don't you?"
"Come on, you old fart. Have one of my vodka marts."
"I don't really like cookies that much, so don't get mad at me if I bring the wrong shit."
"This is a funeral, God damn it."
Your bull gave cody latshaw a pretty brutal beating.
As we had no brain.
"And I'll come back, and then I'll fool around with you."
"Yeah, then Mia gets these poor lonely suckers - to do whatever she wants."
Why didn't you kill Pike when you had the chance?
You are a traitor. Let's go find somebody to give us a test drive.
That Indian.
Get your ass back here.
'Cause he loves you and crap.
"Look, your marriage sucked."
"He's like, ""Ifyou guys get nailed, which I'm pretty sure you will... I've never seen you before in my fuckin' life."""
"Vickie, you don't do this, OK? -Shut up."
I think we're gonna die.
Death would be permanent for all of us. They've gone insane.
"All I have to do is say one word about him and his loser friends, and she'll write him out of her will so fast..."
Yeah. But he'd fuck you in a second if he could.
How the fuck else would you see the ocean from the bedroom?
"""It's a damn, dull trip up into that godforsaken country,"" he'd growled."
He was genuinely ignorant even baffled.
The King of Hell will see you now.
And I just stared at the ceiling all day remembering the first time we fucked on my couch in sunnyside after a rainstorm on a Thursday.
Foolish heroism.
"You picked a bad wife, she made a bad mother, she made you stay home, raise your son, and then she almost killed him."
"Fuck you, too!"
"You guys have raging hormones, which, unfortunately, I can smell."
You fucking deaf?
"You tell Estes, no matter how many bullshit charges he trumps up, I'm onto him."
"When you have my credentials, then we'il discuss... ...who loves the Jews and who hates them."
"People will think my brother's tough, know not to fuck with me."
She's a waste of your time.
"This is beyond nuts, boss."
You and I can hit them from the top.
I told him the best thing a marine could hope for is to die for his buddies.
It's the rich prick's fault for leaving his door unlocked.
You're a Catholic who wants to fake a miracle.
Let's get this shit in your truck.
Or by killing Jenny?
You'd kill a fellow gaul... To save a man you hate?
Then you bugger off for two months to New Zealand.
"You're mad I don't agree, you're fat."
He hated tall bastards.
"'Not a damn thing, except the usual thermal noises."
"Oh, you think you're so smart, don't you, bitch?"
It's so gross.
Why do I ask dumb questions?
Shivved Winter Holder for being a rat.
I don't care how miserable your human life is.
He fucking shot at us.
"Come on. Take that lightsaber and try to strike me down, and your iourney toward the dark side will be complete."
"Don't fuck with me, Mr. Anderson!"
"Okay,let's draw some blood."
"Turns out,I'm a bit of a slut."
The poor lunk.
"All right, sheriff, one shot left."
You don't fucking care!
"Dancer, hell. You'd still be begging tips... if I hadn't picked you up out of that fucking restaurant."
I can finish the movie without saying dick to him.
"Nice try, hag."
And just clear this shit up!
"You poke a brain, who cares?"
Damn. I don't think I can wait for them.
"I told you I heard something, asshole."
Now kill the lights.
I will shoot ... the way I shot Wade Messer!
"Then you die, physician."
"Everywhere I go, they're gonna crucify me."""
What a pity that Bilbo didn't kill that vile creature when he had the chance!
"""Oh, shit."""
Save me from having to fuck up your car.
You need to accept the fact you're stinking rich.
Damn good food!
We're not going to fucking jail. Okay?.
You must remove these pieces of my brain.
Damn! You won again.
"We're gonna go to his house, and we're gonna tie him up and weigh him down with stones, and then we're gonna throw him in the lake."
"You're burning me, Otis."
"Nigger, you hear me callin' you?"
Buck is gonna die when he sees this.
"So aside from I ""hate talking to cops"", they tell me you crashed the goddamn cab?"
Supposing Mr Cates had the influence and the lung power to railroad through the state legislature a law saying only Darwin could be taught in school. Ridiculous.
"Take the silly test, fill out the forms."
"You are so freaking sexy right now, I could crap my pants."
"So unless you wanna have sex with me for $1,000 an hour, I need the phone."
I was too shy to be a dick in high school.
I couldn't show up to work or brush my teeth! Are you crazy?
"Really, how pathetic."
You don't cry or laugh. You're creepy!
You're a hell of a big disappointment.
Both the same gender. Then you have gay men...
He's probably got guys outside the fuckin` house!
No matter what happens down there... ...I can't bring none of that shit back home with us.
"Fuck, I thought it would be worse."
"Sorry, my arse."
"Their guitars and drums are so clunky and old-fashioned compared to the new airware bands, where the music emerges from the performers' dance… and anyhow all these new songs are just expert-system extrapolated garbage."""
"Listen I was a little stupid the other day, but I was okay to drive."
Is that some kind of private fucking hilarity? - What?
But I'm getting an extremely gay vibe.
"I don't believe this shit, man!"
"Damn, this guy really lives the high life."
"The old boy's gonna die, and we're here to bury him."
Suppose you hoped I'd be dead.
You shall bleed to death.
Enough of this nonsense!
"""Did you ask the slutmaster?"""
Because nobody wants to live next door to people like you. You're a menace.
"And a big, stupid baby head?"
Threatening a federal officer is more than piddly shit.
I can go wherever the fuck I want.
Wow… let’s see... my dad died when I was fourteen and my mom figured we’d better move to the states before I turned into a rugby bum like him.
And he sure as shit didn't play tennis!
"We'il boil or fry them, then eat them."
It'il be hotter than 2 rabbits fucking in a wool sock out there in that motor pool.
There is only blackness.
You're a liar.
The only thing dangerous in this room is you.
"You know, we barely got your ass out of there before that guy and his buddies turned nasty."
What the fuck?
Sperm are tadpoles that live in your testicles.
Only shoot on my orders!
"Your house is surrounded by police officers, mate, and what I'd like you to do is come out nice and slow with your hands in the air so these trigger-happy bastards don't get other ideas. No dramas, alright?"
When they carried her out of the fuckin elevator?
Get the fuck outta here!
I knew that baby was gonna screw me.
Now let's see his fucking cards.
Who needs that? I'd take a pain in the arse for half a million quid.
"Within minutes, you will be dead."
"Rock, I don't want to fucking mess you up, you don't understand?"
"But I was beginning to realize that out here in the desert, asking how something happened was a fools errand."
"Oh, Dick... What are you involved with?"
Get this rat off of me!
You killed the guy who had the info.
"The money doesn’t just buy you a better life. Better food, better car, better pussy. It's also makes you a better person."
"He doesn't have one, he's a meatbag!"
When's the last time you took one of those plump bitches out to dinner and didn't sweat them ordering dessert?
A way to kill the unkillable?
I was like Scarlett O'Hara in my freaking curtain dress...
"Stop talking shit, Samuel."
"Now, if we haul some serious ass, we can stop them and try and change their minds."
"Now that your kodak moment is out of this box, to hell with everyone else, right?"
Says the world will not end by God's hand but be reborn in the embrace of the damned.
"""I would hold her purse while she shopped, all over her tits!"""
"Cos telling you about it and getting you all sad and junk... ...well, it never changes anything."
You forgot the movies that tell you what happens to your penis if you get gonorrhea?
"Holy sh * * ! ...for Racer Motors in the Mach 6, Speed Racer."
"I don't want you die, Lian-Chu!"
"He hates cats and small, little, yappy dogs."
Had there been a Benny or ass-Enoch has been there- -Then we would certainly have had to talk.
"My people sail ships, not sissy boats."
It's not about my fucking mum!
Oh Goddamn !
I know you never would have jerked off to them.
It's Black.
"Then, why fucking repeat yourself?"
"Tonight, you'll learn to be an animal to live like an animal and to die like one."
"Hey. Hey, I... Hey, I was just busting balls."
You need more a witch doctor than a lawyer.
If I just shoot... everything will be okay.
"We didn't foresee that you were not merely a mutant, but a sterile mutant and the added psychic distortion due to your inferiority complex passed us by."
"I mean, you think you blew it with the greatest girl ever, and it turns out that getting your dick stuck in your zipper was the best thing that ever happened to you. You wanna say it a little louder?"
I'm sick and tired of you.
I didn’t fucking ask for anything.”
I just got bit by a fucking rat.
Get the fuck out of here.
I screwed a lot of pooches.
Wicked.
"""Shall Tarzan dance in peace or shall Tarzan kill?'' ""I kill!"
You can have him. But two of you will die in the process.
This better be one damn good black-and-white.
His brain's doing nothing.
"No Spectre gunships, daylight instead of night... ...afternoon when they're all fucked up on khat... ...only part of the city Aidid can mount a counter-attack on short notice...."
"Oh, damn. I want you to get on top of me, Big."
"Oh, shit."
You need a Holy Ghost enema right up your rear end!
People who weren't sure what to think of NASCAR or more sure today after a NASCAR driver released bigoted and ignorant statements on his podcast.
"Well, I've done the best I can with it, but to be honest, I think you're screwed."
"Black arm, fire the bazooka."
And since I paid the mortgage yesterday it's my fucking front door this month anyway!
"Shit, we don't have any shit like that at all."
This man must be put back into his body at once.
"We are not racist, nor of the extremists, fundamentalist, terrorists, militants or of similar idiocies."
I found someone who'il be a vampire better than you both!
"You made fools of us! You are going to apologize to me,"
"OK, rip your top and tear your skirt."
"If you're still here in five minutes, I'll kick you out."
Kicking the Autobots out.
Get the hell out of here!
"So, the killer removed his adrenal glands."
"Then why you fucking drinking it, then?"
Kill a sheriff?
She's biting my leg off !
The crazy bloke's talking to himself.
Every station in town has people at the airport... and none has heard a whisper of this shit you're running!
I must be the only woman in history that has to pretend to be a ditz to repel sexual attraction.
"They're smart people, like you. Oh shit."
"Seth, what, you think you're cool with your little Jew fro?"
"Well, maybe she got stabbedin the fucking brain and now she does."
"It's all just starting to get to me-- the empty house, the sleeping alone, except I can't even sleep because the damn faucet won't stop dripping."
You think you're such a king shit.
That just sucks.
"It may be risky for you to have sexual intercourse If you suffer from priapism, that is a persistent erection lasting 4 hours or more."
"Hello, jerk-Bags!"
"Oh, nigga."
A match on his semen.
What the fuck is this guy doin'?
"""with that of the last of the gay. ""and the flames of the tripods expired. ""and darkness and decay and the red death held"
"Hell, reverend, they're Redcoats. They've earned it."
"No one goes near that wasteland, it's filled with murderers and cutthroats."
"Well, for the record. It was not me.. and I didn't have fucking buffalo wings!"
'I must have knocked on every damn door in the Street of Cunning Artificers.
"""Auntie darling, you're out of your skull."
I'll go grab a fucking taxi.
"He was the kind of guy, you put a gun to his head and his pulse wouldn't break 70."
I don't like your face.
She's hit in the neck.
That is the most ridiculous statement that I've ever heard.
And you repaid him by killing him.
Chop him down!
And I decide to give him the shot.
I take care of Jack and you shut up.
I learned that shit in high school geometry.
"It was an accident, God damn it!"
"You're all screwing with me, right?"
"Marrying outside of his blood, helping a Grimm, and now killing one of us."
"Big insurance will pay for an 80-year-old man to get a boner, but God forbid his spine is erect."
"Won't I just wind up getting my brain shredded, too?"
I just keep thinking this Mrs. Esteban Reyes person is going to kill Nancy Botwin.
What the hell are you doing here?
You could be in deep shit.
"Dude, you have no idea. She was crazy."
"Mandy told us what you did, you piece of shit."
"Are you shitting me, Sal?"
I'm sure he deserved to bleed.
As much as I love dishing on evil bald-headed freaks... ...I thought we came here to get away from it all.
She literally shat herself.
Is it not enough that English pirates attack and rob our ships but we are to be made fools of in this Court.
If soldiers come to this reservation... ...you'il have more dead Indiansthan any disease has ever taken.
"Han, you're kind of a baller around your fish."
"When the sun comes up, I don't give a fuck... ...whether it's man, woman, childor little Johnny next door."
"""Holy shit!"""
It looks sick.
"They say the child was-- - Monstrous, twisted."
The spear fell from his nerveless fingers as a sword punctured him from behind.
Hitting your master...
Like cockroaches on a wedding cake.
"So, you're just like a dog?"
"Her heavy breath on your neck, her oiled-up hands all over your naked back."
You're killing us out there!
And remember when we all got fucking wasted on the roof?
Your prototypical Elene is a bigot.'
No wonder you looked so miserable when I walked in.
"If it were up to the doctor, you'd be flayed alive."
I haven't been to The Hawk in over a fucking year.
You're one of those dog--
"Hal, my son, when you read this letter I shall be dead."
"If they’ve been torturing her, she could he dead."
You assholes won't get out of this station alive
I felt like I was in a damn Bertolucci movie.
"I want that cult reeling, I want cracks sent right through the damned thing.'"
The secret's out. You crazy. Everybody knows.
Burn the insolence out of his eyes.
The commute downtown would kill me.
I got a damn pacemaker.
"""Stare out the window with a gun in his pants."""
"Yes, I'd like a boy, a bottle of hooch, and you can fast-track me to the dirty room so I can get the frak out of here."
"Don't fuck with me, man."
This is a fucking hostel?
Martin had never paid much attention to his sisters' boobs before.
We'll hit them before they even know we're there.
You're a Magog. You'll survive either way.
Let the abominations smell his blood!
"'cause they ain't accepted Christ. Far as I know, Indians don't believe in hell."
"I could have said, ""When am I?"" but that would have sounded still more foolish, and besides, I didn't think of it."
Now two people are dirty.
"Do you realize, every single time I deal with your people, things go to hell?"
Did you see that? - ...fuck!
The player who picks up the last card is the loser.
I never heard of him. Tell him we'll be back...bitch.
I suck. But I practiced last night.
He is the emperor’s bastard brother.
And if he'd said no... ... it could've been a shite sight worse.
"Did he ten you they're proposing to launch a damn great Anglo-Bolshie peace initiative, yet another, which will duly fall on its arse around Christmas next?'"
He just chose the right day to be executed on.
You give us four days... ...I'll get you a stone the size of a fucking home.
I'm no' fucking surprised!
Fuck you! - I had to avenge my honor. Her family's turned me in.
"Young man, this is the first that I'm hearing that you... ...and my daughter had sex."
"Always an out, he knew there was something about him, God knew what, that made a certain type of guy want to pound the living shit out of him."
Alex keeps him company without also having sex with him.
Or shoving the first torch into the mound of faggots piled under a heretic bound to a stake.
I am sick and tired of waiting around to get strangled.
Did you hire someone to kill him?
"He can strip naked and fight with his cock, as long as he wins."
"The kidnapper's extreme, maybe mentally disturbed."
"For God's sake, don't hit me anymore."
"And you, this loudmouth Demetrius. You call me murderer?"
Shut up.
Your parents are gonna be pissed.
"What the fuck, boys! Just go!"
I assume you agree this is none of our fucking business?
"""That's a fucking lie,"" Blair said."
"Ofthe foursuspects, one has been identified as Carl Lucas, who is a known associate - of alleged crime boss Markus Kane. - Fuck!"
Crohn melancholicae led to kill himself.
It's jagged; she's a biter.
Shut up back there!
We should get rid of him.
"When you fuck up, everything gets full of shit. ...symbol of the military team... Sergeant William Schumann, the ``Old Shoe.``"
Let's say that I hated him enough to kill him.
The Ferenc nodded his grotesque head.
Throw me that canteen.
We'll dump him in a lake!
"Does any of it mean a damn to you?"""
"I told you no more drugs, junkie."
Black! Woman!
"Let's say your mother wanted his help, Wanted to kill herself."
So what do we have to do that's so damn-
Do you ever want to have sex again?
"At once I showed him my pussy, which I thought was very special"
"No one's getting laid at the North Pole, it's too fucking cold."
I never want to see you again.
"See, look at him he's just crazy for it."
Did you have sex with a student from the school?
I can... die for you.
What kind of person would be so arrogant to presume to know the intention of another human being?
"Female victim, cut up into pieces."
"Why don't you just get ""total twat"" tattooed on your forehead?"
What did you sick sons-of-bitches do to me?
What the hell was so special about you?
How do you smuggle a fucking Ferrari? Where do you hide it?
"How do you like being a gangster's moll, baby?"
"Listen, pussycat, smile a bit."
"I did your laundry, I pee-pee- proofed your belt buckles, I, I even sprained my wrist helping your mother lift her bosom."
I'd forgotten all about that rubbish tontine... But...
"Ten years climbing the fucking walls, man!"
"Sir, there's your gringo bandits."
You call him a loser all the time.
"Oh, I will leave him all right - alone, to rot in a dungeon."
She's mean as a snake.
"I'm gettin' the fuck out of the country, and you need to do the same."
Where is that scoundrel hiding?
She's with two other punk-ass girls. Don't let her in.
"What up, E? I hit you."
"Which means if this fails-- it's my ass on the line as much, if not more, than yours, so from this point on, if I ask you to do something, you do it."
"He makes some small pretense at nationalism in the same way that Rebal, Parok and Sabre do, but that's only for the benefit of the truly ignorant down in Arjuna."
Don't you fuckin' let 'em do this!
A drug for people who wanted to be more anal retentive?
"Well, shit, Dad, I've been going to school for a hundred years."
"Before you get too excited, we buy dozens of patents for healing cable insulation, and the crap never pans out."
"Fucking heaven tonight, isn't it? Huh?"
"Joe, you don't believe in this ghost nonsense?"
Just had to get the fuck outta there.
"She's right about the jacket though, it stinks."
"This is really cool, smoking weed with you, and shit."
Which being it's a fucking whorehouse could indicate some fucking business arrangement or some other fucking thing.
So you're shit out of luck.
Think you're the only one who understands this fucker needs watching like a hawk?
How the hell do you think I got rid ofthe last guy...
I even got a waterfall. But you got to come pick that shit up.
The first time you had sex your first time with a guy!
He has threatened to throw her into the pit of slow and horribly painful death. unless I surrender the throne.
It's kind of like a blindfold except you can't fuckin' breathe!
The last ones to the car are losers.
"Now you're going to tell me where you stashed Westmoreland's money, or I'm going to pluck you like a chicken, stitch by stitch."
"Yeah, people... - Damn it. ... it really is the end of the world."
Scraped when she knocked me down. Ok.
Unless it's that slutty oak outside Portland.
"Okay, well, that proves that you're not 'cause that's about the dumbest thing I've ever heard."
I'm the one with the power to raise the dead. Bollocks!
Lord Vetinari looked down at the improbably large flower in the clown’s buttonhole.
Don't you dare go boneless on me!
Carmine was always afraid they were gonna shoot him in the back.
Hurt like hell.
Are you alright? Idiots!
"You think I've got ""cunt"" written on my forehead?"
I did all that shit.
"Danny, you have to go and tell them... that you did not kill these people, that it was ""Sleeping fucking Beauty"", man."
"Pigeons, pathetic little creatures."
Hit 'em again!
That this idyilic Western retreat shall not fall prey to these mindless predators.
Someone's got a filthy mind.
"We're just two miserable people sleeping in separate rooms, sharing the same space day after day, just waiting to die."
I didn't want to be this graphic in front of your mother. But you know he needs to... Cum inside of you.
"Nigga, that shit is free!"
And I want you to stay the hell away from her!
"You scared the shit out of me, you stupid prick!"
How queer! J never heard of anyone who didn't eat chicken.
"I mean, how else will slutty Jeannie make an appearance tonight?"
"We got a Caucasian male, 50s, gunshot to the head. And tastefully garnished with an explosion of yellow roses."
"Lf you don't get this, no brains."
"Simple. - Holy shit, there's two of them."
Too bad your dork sister's not here to cheer me on. (RUMBLING)
"""I know it would bother you to kill Marcus."
"Well, you know, still the resident family fuckup."
"Damn it, that cake smells amazing."
"For a private visit. In a hospital, bullshit is free."
Don't fuck up on me here.
What the hell are you looking for?
Nobody around here can stand the smell of you.
She's screwing my ex-husband.
"This is David from Melbourne, mate, a real fucking Maiden fan."
You best tell pale boy here to get out of my goddamn face.
Does everyone walk in on their fiancée sucking off a rapper?
"There would be mustaches inked on the photodot faces of Lyndon Johnson and Ramsey Clark and Martin Luther King (someone, I never found out who, would invariably put large smoking horns on Vice President Humphrey and print HUBERT THE DEVIL underneath in tiny anal capital letters)."
"Where have you been, you little creep?"
"By which time I shall be gone, and you... ...shall be dead."
What fuckin' planet do you live on?!
We are just two losers who should be happy with what she gives us.
"""I'll flog that scorpion!"" answered Gebhr, gnashing his teeth."
I'm gonna explode!
"Well, a man can do without kisses, but it's tough when they won't suck your dick!"
You're either going as a dog or a little Mexican girl.
We can't destroy manticore with him dead. So split up and find him.
"Sorry. I saw it trying to kill you, and I lost my head."
I can't believe those losers are joining the biggest crowd.
I can sense my IQ dropping and I just fucking got here.
"Well, he was the worst."
'Cause if it's another hypothetical... yet eerily accurate drawing of my boobs...
Gallanti was too dull-witted to grasp that.
"Now can you fucking believe that, Jip?"
"Look, you're trying to make this case about a guy who was found innocent, who's already serving a life sentence, and whatever shit you think you have on him, he can't be tried for it again anyway."
What the hell?
Bree saw you slap your daughter.
"Shit, Walter. It wasn't funnY."
And risk killing that kid?
A mad old bat...
"Graduation was only a few weeks away, but I wondered if it wasn't a little foolish to sit around, weak and tasty, waiting for the next disaster."
"Because you may be right but the thing of it is, I don't give a shit."
He said the working man was a sucker... and I was at the best school: the University of Belmont Ave.
You ate the butt pie?
You two sweetheartswanna shut the fuck up and focus on the ocean?
"This fucking Johnny, he wouldn't even let the maggots get on Carmine before he's telling me to kick up direct to him."
If I remain near that girl... she'll take the rest of my soul!
"Between Pauline's snoring, the baby's crying and embarrassment over your uncle's ridiculous antics, you are like to have an unsettled night."
"Pull your skin off, amigo."
But that could have been Hollywood publicity crap.
"It's fuckin' my baby, too."
"Campo's apartment... she asked you to repeatedly strike her in the face with your left fist? Your honour, mr."
You say Chinese kung fu is trash?
Why do you kill those women?
Sank your teeth in it if you can't hold it!
The Butcher of Barbados.
Darkovan women don't even do my kind of work!
She's a rock hyrax.
"Way I remember it... albatross was a ship's good luck, till some idiot killed it."
This guy's got a monkey scrotum and he's bragging about it.
Wasn't that guy trying to...rape you?
"You're crazy, you've got to wear at least a leather jacket on top."
"""Looks just like the Green Giant's left testicle."
"Everyone else, clear the corridors and stay the fuck out of our way until the shooting stops."
You smell like old people and soap.
What is this shit?
"This might sound really stupid, but, um. . . do you think there's anywhere I could make money doin' karaoke?"
The second unsub said raphael was going to kill someone.
Where are the others? Slaughtered!
"And let's face it, we're wimps."
Are there more members of my family that you want to crap all over?
"The hangwomen on the cover had breasts like cantaloupes, hips like horse collars, and their rags were the pathetic remains of nightgowns by Schiaparelli."
"Dammit, I'm gonna have one too."
"""What the hell?"""
"“Sorry,” he muttered, wincing at how stupid it sounded."
"Hey, don't make fun of your father, you bum."
You probably get some pension money for that fucking pirate wooden leg.
Are you nuts?
So we point out to foreign meet promoters that the AAU... ...is not only shittyfor our competition... ...it's shitty for their box office.
"And you know, when I have great fucking days like this, it just reminds me how much I love being single."
"And to top it off, he realized, he was sucking his lpt gnal."
How the fuck am I ruining America?
You've had sex with your therapist?
We have quite a welcoming party planned for the nasty minx. Oh.
"No, Marcus, I do not want to come over for bloody Christmas."
Better that this President die than undermine our nation's security.
"Is this your name on this goddamn ticket, Ridgewick, or is it a forgery?"
Your boss wants you to check that shit out.
You'd be dead if it weren't for me.
"But this matter of the crash -who fed you that nonsense?"""
"Well, his throat's been slit With what appears to be a serrated blade."
"Shut up, I just did what we agreed on."
"You know me! - I know you killed him, Nick."
"And under it, WELCOME TO HELL! I checked on the back and sure enough, Zion's Covenant Baptist Church."
I'll turn to crime... sell my body.
"""My love, trust me,"" you write and all the time you were fucking your arse off."
"You're not fucking with me, are you?"
This guy's no motherfuckin' MC
"'Damn, it wasn't meant to be,' said Norwin."
"We are going to show that anyone, no matter how odd or pale or chubby, can still have a darn good time."
"Well, it seems that your I.U.D.has dislodged from your uterus, hooked on to your husband's piercing and is embedded in your vaginal wall."
"Oh, I don't know. Luckily you two speak the same freakazoid language."
"Look left-copilot's torn apart, his brains are in my lap."
I'm not fuckin' scared of you!
"He grew so tired that he killed her while she slept, impaling her on a sword, and that was it for her."
He should've just gone to Ally's party with me instead of bro-ing out at some stupid football game.
"Oh, shut up, Tommy."
"Hey, Stirling fucking Moss!"
"Look, you go over there, you just, you know, you pretend it's a girl's dick."
"'Cause if you're seeing Lucifer, then you could be seeing all kinds of crap, okay?"
What the fuck's this?
I think I have some jerky boys.
"""Why kill him like this?"""
You know there ain't no antidote for this shit.
"The woman tossed out her useless sword, then got to her feet."
"I don't either, but Calhoune ain't the type you fuck with."
"I put it next to my Trophy and... then I say, ""Oow, there's a stinky boy""."
Scoundrel.
I can fry 'em up if anyone's hungry.
"They say you and your wife raped their children, since the winter of '99."
"Jesus, that's a horrible fuckin' thought."
At least not like how you were trying to kill me.
The fucking world is full of fucking surprises.
I was just smoking a butt while I was waiting.
String her up with the belt and try to make it look like a suicide?
I had to improvise when you opened the vial. You stupid bitch.
I need to move my bowels.
"I mean, she wouldn't be the first nut job in history... ...to kill in the name of religion, know what I mean?"
So stop being a hardheaded Vwasak and go find your girl.
"Where is he, filth?"
"You know that big bullshit businessman smile and if you're a customer whoa, that's when you get the really big smile."
Hurt the fuck out of my hand.
"Rafi, we were only here just Long enough to have a beer with your pie-throwing, sociopath friend?"
Damn that music!
"In Louisville, where I growed up, they barely let black folks drive buses."
This shit is biblical.
"I've got murder one for Joey,"
"""I ... thought you was ... a ligger,"" she stammered at last."
"Carella, perhaps, was an ignorant cop."
"Yeah, The jerk jumped out of a tree and scared me,"
"Just when he'd gotten the last uniformed jackass to at least keep his ham-fisted fingers out of Control's pie, this happened."
"I love Ben Franklin, girl, and I could listen to you talk about his stinkin' ass all day long."
"May I smoke? - No, you may not. So you get off with a slap on the wrist, but all this criminal activity fucks up your shit for good with the big airlines."
"Don't you think that before we go over and accuse, and start some shit we should find out for sure?"
I spotted the eagle-feather headdress sticking up in the middle of the clump but this time the Chief Confederate was so tightly surrounded by his parasites that an assassin would have a hard time hitting him.
What the hell is that thing?!
"Yeah, you're a fucking degenerate."
"Flag's down, drifter."
Bird told me that shit.
Pretty nice of you to take the bullet.
They'd kill each other if they could.
Gwen kicked whatever it was out of his hand; I chopped him in the left side of his neck.
You should shut up more than you do.
I want to make money and I want a shag.
He's very sick.
"Now,that shitwill help you solve the case."
Why the hell can't you just leave me alone?
He's an eavesdropping little freak.
"Well, working doesn't mean shit"
He's not as daft as he looks.
"Someone give me something to cover his leg, for fuck's sake!"
So... have you had sex with her?
"This she did with complete assurance, guiding the nipple into her mouth and beginning to suck at once."
Applebee's has rats!
No shit.
"It's useless. - We have a bow, arrows."
"I had to scrape them off the ground and beg them to come home with me. –Come on, balls. –Yeah, come on."
The car reeked of dope.
It is entirely possible that you are the last human being alive.
You do not even know devils where you live.
"That may be, but killing him won't solve anything."
"And as un-Christian as it sounds, I still want the... ...boy that killed Rudy dead."
Best goddamn ears in town.
Fish is yucky.
"We worked closely together then, and when I became Mayor, we formed a strong relationship... he feared and hated me, and I merely wanted him dead."
A hot bitch poster.
Zebraman isn't an idiot!
"Dr. Cuddy's phone keeps going directly to voicemail, and I need to get a Neurosurgeon to replace Dr. Richardson for the day or else she's screwed."
You're floggin' a dead fuckin' pony.
Why do you fuck Barry in Dad's bed?!
"My shit goes deep throat, Marty Kaan."
I gotta get the fuck outta here.
"Yeah, and the loser is whoever gets in the way."
How do I make her shoot?
"Then he crumpled into a little, wrinkled heap and died."
"Billy, what the hell are you doin' here?"
Then they will kill me.
"Now I’ll have to employ more spies and guards and spend more money to protect Struan’s children, not only against obvious duck-fornicating kidnapers but also against any jail offal who stupidly thinks he can make an easy dollar."
It's that brat!
"Shit, I don't know if I can... - Sure, you can."
"I know you think you're quite the man, swinging your balls around. But you have no idea what you're getting involved with."
'How many's ten?' said the troll.
"You peacock of peacocks, you sea of vanity; what did you represent before me, you evil magician; whom was I meant to believe in when you wailed in such wise?"""
"listen to this. My mom said Curly's my dad, but Percel fucking Tyson is on the birth certificate."
Isn't that the guy that killed all those chicks about ten years ago?
Five minutes to die.
"He doesn't wanna talk to him, so fuck you that he asked that!"
"No, I'll be damned."
She hates you more.
That you're trailer trash hiding under a pile of sequins.
"If he's mortal, then he's a witch, and if he dies as a witch, then he's stuck on the other side forever."
You shat on the carpet.
How long will it take for a fucking junkie like you to betray me for a lousy fix?
Who knows where my schizophrenic brain
Damn. And I thought I was good-looking.
Damn near wrecked the nose wheel.
I'll give you sex once every 10 days.
Your mother is a servant for the people who caused your father's death and stole the millions that should have been hers.
"In front of God, the prophets, the angels, and every bloody soul in this room!"
And try not to fuck anyone on the way.
"Spending thousands on a stupid and potentially dangerous stunt, knowing full well that they're not going to get in trouble, 'cause Daddy is important."
We think about all the fucking horrible things you've done in your life and which ones we should hold you accountable for.
"Don't you wanna finish me off, then?"
"If you wipe them all off the face of the fucking earth you'll be doing the world a favor."""
"He guts them, removing the organs with surgical precision, but then leaving them in a pile."
"Now, that's how you drive a fucking car."
"No, boss, he speaks no freaking English."
What a weirdo that guy is.
"I may not dress like Jackie Kennedy, but I have sex with men."
"This is the house right here, but ain't nobody out there, it's dead as hell."
Damn that Bermuda Tetrahedron.
"Silly. She's worried about you, that's all."
"Damn it, I had lysine and changed it."
Because he's so darn shy and modest and all.
Then you showed me that it was the bible quotes -- on women to be killed.
You're goddamn lucky to have any man feel that strong about you.
(a) all birds of the infected quarantine facility or unit have to be killed and destroyed;
"The other gnomes felt it, too, and Belwar had overheard more than one complaining that the decision to leave Blingdenstone had been, at best, foolish."
"It's a fucking ferry ride away, mate."
I don't talk to traitors.
"From Sloan, from the Fraternity, from Janice, from billing reports, from ergonomic keyboards, from cheating girlfriends and sack-of-shit best friends."
You think you can pull this crap on another ghost?
I don't even get a free iphone. You think I'd give you jerks one?
"A 55-year-old garbage man is a million times smarter Than a 28-year-old with three ph.D.S,"
I would've married her if she wasn't such a prude in the bedroom.
You think if you got no uterus... ... and no breasts... ... you're still technically a woman?
Suck this sweet so he don't smell the gin.
"The D.A. has the second guy, a cripple from New York."
"""What the hell?"
You don't want to work with your brains.
My brother lost a goddamn arm fighting you fuckers in Vietnam .
"I just asked her to kill your son, Maury, is that a problem?"
"Drop your gun und kick it toward me,ja?"
"All the shit that happened, I know it wasn't your fault."
"You're hypocrites. You believe in the death penalty, but it's okay to kill animals for food?"
Careless bunch.
"You've been brainwashed, Tony."
"Bateman, one fucking drink."
I just love the smell of her dirty panties.
Round them up!
None of this would've happened if I didn't think... ...you were having sex with Mark.
Fuck it! Go and get a glass of water... Put salt in it!
"If I take it to trial, they'il destroy her."
It's just the nitwit.
"You know why I like hookers, Jessa?"
I saved your ass at work.
My head's tellingme one thing and my cock another.
"Shut up, I'm trying to make a point here."
"Come on, guys. We'll show them who's a bunch of losers!"
She burned to death.
"As soon as he feels his full strength, he will destroy you and be loosed upon this world to raven as he chooses."
"""You idiotic kender!"
Wants that fucking...
"Come on, you wanna fist me?"
"Of course you would like to take it from behind, my Balkan swines!"
The ones that live for tomorrow get fucked by the ones living for today.
"Ifyou came here to clown, you might as well leave."
"'Don't be silly, there's fi-' she began, and then followed his gaze."
"But what are they in it for, these senile delinquents these layabouts in lace?"
"Oh for Christ's sake, Lenny, you moron! Just do it."
This town's the armpit of America.
"They wanna destroy this entire country, starting with LA."
Like taking drugs and having sexNin a speeding car?
You are a disgrace to NASA!
I will get you and our baby off this island.
"Yeah, well, your species is going to be extinct first."
"His twice killed only friend, and his beloved father, shall impale him with their revengeful blades."
I'll come over and hit you.
What's the fucking line?
"Under other circumstances, he would have looked ridiculous."
Poor fucking sober bastard.
"And I knew what they were thinking, just like I knew guys at school thought about me when they jerked off."
"""Well, yeah, you know how it is with the really stupid henchmen,"" said Evil."
"You touch that phone, he's dead."
"All right, your objective -- reach the parking lot with an asset who intends to have sex with you."
"You'd never believe, hearing him talk to some John Q. at the side of the road, that he could scream himself hoarse on the Little League field, yelling at kids to bunt the damn ball and to keep their heads down while they were running the bases."
Please spare my life.
Stop. We're all gonna die.
And the waitress comes up the aisle and starts whacking him in the back of the head.
You mean when I grow up and shit?
"I've got vodka, fucking Tequilles O'Neals."
"Reddington will kill berlin,"
I loaned Mr. Ferguson money for passage on the negro car.
You definitely should've thrown him over the bridge.
They're little boys who suck the life out of their parents.
"Some jerk puked on the stairs, and I slipped."
We're gonna hit you back hard.
"And he says, ""What cat?"" And she says, ""The cat that shit in my mouth."""
"Um, first of all, you make me sick."
"You're a fox, all right!"
"Hang you, Bro. It's me you're talking to. We have history."
Yes. You're the predator.
This fat voyeur that watches you all year long to make sure you live up to his standards of decency before breaking into your house?
You have to imagine this room without all this crap in it.
The toilets were disgusting.
Who the hell knows!
"So what? You want to go home, or you want to go watch your dad hit on that lady doctor for a while?"
You do as you're fucking told!
"Well, that's good 'cause, as you can see, I'm a dirty little boy."
"Goddamn it! What was wrong with ""phrasing""?!"
I expect to be dead in four.
I was about to fucking do it !
"No,I friggin' hate mcg's dailies."
He's a fucking kid.
"Nigga, please."
"Get in the car, bitch."
Then I got to come home to Melvin and his bullshit.
I've always wanted to see another couple fuck.
"I'll kill the first one that moves, and tell the whole forest what you are!"
Great. Junkies.
Come. Let's get into the field and shoot.
"Well, you've been running this shit with me since the very beginning anyhow."
"You set him up, I'll knock him down!"
"Shit, you think Jae-wi banded with a druggie!"
You could've fucking asked him first.
because that's the only thing that... connects you to that tiny part inside that still makes you feel goddamn human.
"Her father was one of those big silent bastards, and he wasn't too crazy about me anyhow."
"Get the knife, crawl in your tights in the blood, loosen your hair."
Ingvar looking for you. - Fuck you.
"As we speak, the carrier... ...and the vile scum of Shantaardescend upon our city."
Hell hath no fury like an older woman scorned.
I got the spinny balls back!
You're a blowfish.
"Fucking phones in the car, man."
Now get the hell off my lawn before I call the cops.
Tell me before you swerve so I don't fall off the fucking car!
"What are you doing here, dummy?"
You killed him.
"Even though every ASS had a different message, they had the same six steps to get you there."
"What the hell are these tiny bottles for, huh?"
"If you get him dirty, you get a cop dirty."
"I am Puss, stuck here inside this hideous body."
Why Father was moved from Warsaw to this shit hole?
Throw your mistemper'd weapons to the ground!
Somebody shoot them!
"That's the ugliest thing I've ever seen. - Yeah, you're jealous."
"He taught me how to take a photo, but I can't switch the bloody thing off."
But what makes this lot so deserving of a dirty bomb?
How do you turn this damn thing on?
"Or, should I say ""She is fucking herself""."
"Sick people, lost souls, deep pockets, blah blah blah."
We were like the world's gayest ninjas.
"We were both a little dumb about it, but we've been talking on the phone."
Boone is like any other gangster in the street.
"Well, when you are a duke... you just come and show me your crown, or whatever it's called... and then I'll feel awfully silly, won't I?"
S u b t e r r a a.s.
I will give you a fucking show.
Shut up! I can't hear.
"You're going to screw him, aren't you?"
I'm screwing her.
"We don't know. Man, what's the damn password?!"
"He's got some stupid new hidden camera show called ""Gotcha""."
You know' the only thing I hate worse than bad timing... is actors that think they can fucking direct.
A little while ago we were listening to Sophie describe herself giving a blow job.
"Why not send for the old swine, let his beard come later?"
The other people are really sick here!
So why did she advertise for sex with father figures?
You're just like beggars.
You'll forgive me for saying there've been times I thought you ought to be hanged.
Special agent in charge of bugger all.
I'm a rubbish cook!
"Several whores were lounging in doorways, and two beggars were accosting passers-by."
"Half of it is mine, you double-crossing crook!"
How could we imagine this ridiculous system would let a whole team and a police van vanish without a trace?
Let's make some movies. -Fuck you.
What the hell's wrong with you?
"Answer my question, damn it."
We're selling them nuclear horse piss for 6 bucks a can.
He caught the shrill screams of some poor bastard.
"And that lunatic has nothing to do with us, our life, or our child. Okay? Remember that."
I think he's proud of his ignorance.
"Shit, man. Her life is in your hands, Dude."
We cut her up into little fucking pieces.
I am so fuckin' over the moon it's not funny.
And don't give us bullshit.
"This is not garbage, okay?"
"In the future, maybe I should do the shooting."
"Then we realized that your dad's, like, 100 years old and super ugly."
"She can be queen of the savages and dine on the finest bloody horseparts, and you can dine on whichever parts of her you like."
"Unfortunately, this guy was I guess a midget"
"My God, that kid was so annoying."
Aren't we the bad guys? Bitch!
"The man's still holding on to that Silver Lake shit, Sammy."
"""I said you'll be less than useless in dealing with Aleatha and this insane notion of hers-marrying Lord Durndrun,"" Calandra snapped, in no mood to humor her parent."
"He's gone off. Took that son of a bitch, Clyde, with him."
"Blow it, Csele!"
Looks like he was strangled to death after he was hit on the head.
"Oh, shit."
"Oh, what rotten, decomposing luck."
I give you one fucking thing to!
You go back to work on this nasty Zippity-T...
"No, when Equus leaves, if he leaves at all, it'll be with your... intestines in his teeth."
I can either go hang out with the punks who laughed at me... ...took pictures of me while I was taped to that flagpole... ...or I can hang out with the chick who cut me down.
I will kiss them.
"If you tell lies like that, you won't go to heaven when you die."
You fucking Globetrotter. Come on.
"You submit like a fucking girl, begging for a cock to split her open."
I shot it and hit it.
"You're gonna let them kill you. Bitsey, we spend our whole lives trying to stop death."
You fucking killed him?
"No, you stop telling me how great I am and you tell me where my fuckin' script is."
"You know, actually I'm glad that Papi ran her big ass mouth this morning."
"One went nuts, the other fled the country."
It's screwed!
I'm not a huge fan of dangling helpless girls in front of psychopaths like meat.
"Like he's bored at work and he just wanted to kick up some shit, so he told us all he's a virgin."
"His tone was one of patient instruction, the sort of voice an instructor with a class of mentally retarded chil­dren might use."
"Sooner or later, both parasites will have a home."""
His tongue was burning like a rug.
"""We got this guy's little girl. If you don't give him all your money, we're gonna kill her. """
"Go on, sheriff, jail him."
I'll pay my respects to your dead body.
"Just remember, Gale, he's a nasty piece of work."
She has his eyes. Shut up.
Don't fucking worry aboutmy credibility!
"I swear to christ,morgan,after this case, I'm submitting your assfor psychiatric evaluation."
"You've lied to me, deceived me, and for that you shall suffer."
"Well, you've already killed me once."
That stupid FBI agent is the reason why you're still alive.
"I thought this phone was old and shit, but suddenly it's my most valuable possession."
"I am sorry, me old mucker."
I insist on only being shot from my left side.
"So pick up the phone, Roy… and dial the 15 numbers… and tell the First Lady that you need it on an experimental treatment for liver cancer… because you can call it any damn thing you want, Roy."
"O'Reilly, O'whatever the hell your name is, give us a drink."
"BOY 2: Lisa Cross, the vomit queen."
The bottom half of a man in a glittering loincloth was disappearing down the cobra's throat.
Downtown - Where the food is slop
"You have the crazy plant-nut guy, right?"
"What is all this? Mr. Chew, this is all your fault. Bad dog."
I'd take a run at you.
I could ramp up the pressure in that airlock and crush you.
"Yes, I sent them to bring an arrogant young wizard so that I could set him straight."
Some fool named Axel Foley.
And then fucking poof!
"""Damn,"" she said."
"Put down your weapon, or he dies."
"Darling, please, can you move your irresistible backside... and come here to join us?"
"So whatever kind of crazy crap you think you been seeing, it's not real."
"Girl, stop drinking that shit."
Whole McGee business nothing but a catalogue of ineptitude.
We caught you with your shmuck up the tochis of a minor.
Are you still angry I called you insane?
"Goddamn, somebody's shooting at us!"
What the holy hell are they thinking of?
"That sounds so fun, but we can't because we don't have time. - Oh, darn. WINSTON:"
I can remember being paranoid about the condom coming off and me getting AIDS and everybody would think I was scum.
"Can I have sex with Riley, too?"
Fucking rabid dog?
"Hey, doc. Can't you let me enjoy this for five fucking minutes?"
You better come here if you want your fucking tip.
Hah! Enough wolves in the world already without a nice lad like you turnin' nasty.
A dirty job! Very violent!
They fuckin' used you.
Parents have drug problems.
That woman's uterus is harboring a stolen baby.
"If you don't give back my money, I'll have your ass in jail."
"What the fuck do I gotta protect them from now, huh?."
They're a bunch of fucking amateurs.
"Then he started talking trash... ...so she started talking trash, and they tossed us out."
"Commercially ridiculous, economically fantastic!"
"Kill him."" I finally found him."
My life has gotten screwed up after meeting you.
"Oh, don't play stupid, Charlie."
Or a goddamn tank!
When was the last time you and your husband had sex?
"When I tell you again, shut it off."
"Our last words to each other can't be ""ball cock."""
"Oh, damn..."
What the hell are you doing here?
"What the fuck Lupus, just calm down."
There's a nice lady vampire who set up a charming tearoom over the next pile of crap.
A box of friggin' meat for my wedding.
Don't test me! get off!
"Oh, shit. Dan Marino. What's up?"
Cullen fucking set me up.
We are hell on this earth!
"The depilatories in Proton wash water kept the hair off his face and genitals, so that his sexual maturity was not obvious."
"She'd only sat there, waiting patiently, and he'd felt about a centimeter high while he figured the course, mostly because she wasn't jumping his shit in front of the entire bridge watch."
So I told him I was going to hit him in the face with a 2x4 if he didn't give me my 30 bucks.
Do people come here to fuck?
"You're a hypocrite. You are walking around here preaching celibacy to everybody, and you've already sold your cow or your milk or whatever."
Enough bullshit What do you really want?.
"Lucy, I don't want that con man in my house!"
There's a French salutation to your French slop.
Shoot!
"Oh, damn. I forgot to fill the ice bucket."
"""Fucking hell."
"Twelve ribs, my ass!"
"For a vampire, you sure are a doughy fuck."
Every day with her is like a trip to Idiot Island.
I turn your soul into a floating log!
He probably thought you'd slit your wrists. - Audrey.
"Oh, my God, Bobby's gonna lose his shit if he finds out!"
DEATH SPIRAL
Subject: Paying for Uruguayan rubbish Answer from the Commission (15 June 2009)
Look at this fucking hat.
"If I'd have known That this would get you back In the same room with me, I would have Gotten stabbed sooner."
"Come on, fucking Marine."
"Oh, you need to open your mouth."
"I-I know you're just trying to help, but spending the rest of the night with a bunch of asshole cops isn't exactly what I need right now."
"Joe didn't used to worship Money and hate women,"
Shut them and hide until I get...
"Ralph, if you ever mess up and make her unhappy, I'll be waiting in the wings, and I'll pounce on you. Like a tiger!"
Lots of good shit around.
"What up, naked lady?"
"I've pretty much been a jackass for the past few months, and haley deserves better."
"Jackie's smart, uh, well-bred, damn attractive."
You want your daughter to be a freak. - We're not freaks.
What are you getting excited for? -Are you stupid?
Did we fuck up?
Shit. I'll be back.
Is it a pig?
You have this goofy look on your face.
"Put your head in the hole and say ""Joey Heatherton."""
Maybe if you could cure my fucking face... I might look as good to you as that archaeologist.
"What the hell's going on, Bobby?"
How big are your titties? Bustline?
Troll hammer.
How the fuck did this happen?
Fucking strong. I always look people in the eye when I'm talking to them...
"Well, I'm very flattered, Mr. Dick."
He knows that she's the only thing in this stupid place--
"Damn, how lovely it was."
You wouldn't know if it was the next door fucking neighbors!
"As Frito considered an ""Uncle Piggy's OinkOink Burger-on-a-Bun"" flambéed in purest linseed oil, Spam hungrily ogled the scantily clad ""piglets"" who served as waitresses, each buxom wench also outfitted in fake tail, ears, and snout."
It's got nuns and Nazis.
"Tector, I don't give a rat's ass if it makes you fireproof, you stink so bad you could gag a dog off a gut wagon."
4 Tl •he hamburger stand in Central City was completely run by biots.
What a fucking relief.
Would that be a giant rat's ass?
I don't care what you smell.
It's about goddamn time.
"Spartacus is the reason the magistrate graces our house, along with all the shits that follow."
Destroy it.
"You fool, you can see I'm not sleeping."
It was a really dumb idea.
"Listen, Dolly knows everything we need to pin Dion for killing that gangster."
"Yeah, and I know a guy with business cards whose ""job"" it is to relax your rectum."
"Now we're foolish, too."
Dumb people and successful people always live with blood on their hands?
Fuck! --and that she was impressed.
You got the personality of potty-mouth Pete and a hatred of jews like Joey the jew-hater.
It's my shit!
I'm being incinerated by the Volvo with the dodgy gearbox.
You're a fucking cop!
I haven't seen you in a long time and you get fucking fresh.
Didn't she kill a guy a while back?
"But it would be too openly vile, too flagrantly infamous, if I did not at least restore to P——'s son the tens of thousands of roubles spent in curing my idiocy."
"Damn it, Bree, a few more sessions isn't gonna fix us."
"You get your psychos now and then, animal slaughter... ...ritual human disembowelment, but that's really pretty rare."
You'll turn me into a ripper.
Look. Right now he's probably dancing around in his grandma's panties.
"You bust in, shoot two good double agents..."
"Shit, I don't know what I'm saying."
"One was a chess master, the other a master conman."
How the hell did you obtain records from the Spanish Treasury from a mental institution?
What that fool want now?
"Then once, just once try fucking somebody else just because it feels good."
I want to fight him.
"Then Frank calls out, ""Hey, you're short... ...you're one-eyed, and you're Jewish."
"What are you fuckheads doing tonight, just out of interest?"
What the hell is it?
"To be truthful, for me, too big. Er, the dildo, not the girl."
I would be very fucking surprised if he did not.
"We believe they have a spy in Olokun's higher ranks, close enough to kill him."
"All right, Shayna. I guarantee you Mom will not get you anything as fancy as this shit."
The twat's daddy wants to run for governor of New Jersey.
"No, Nokes... you fuck with me."
Black thing.
Perhaps you need the money to help your sick mother?
"I kept imagining her laughing at me and saying something like, Me go out with you, you little creep?"
I got two inches of hard dick!
"I will smash your face into a car windshield and then take your mother, Dorothy Mantooth, out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again!"
"Al and Rudi killed them all, as well as shooting down the helicopter."
I thought you might be dead.
You lot follow me and I'll fucking shoot you.
Shit! I just bought these shoes.
I could've told her about the blow job I gave him.
"If you make a move on me, I'll kill him!"
Would you call what we did last night sex?
We'll see who fucks who.
"I've tried twice to save you,but no matter what I try to do, you're gonna die,charlie."
You're in bed with the devil.
See? That's how that shit works.
Fucking makes me feel good.
I think they are disgusting.
Tell me about the bullshit run-in that you staged this morning.
"You could have a seizure, go psychotic. And... and probably die."
"Hey, Turk, you got a big mouth in your white shirt."
"Listen, boy, there's a fucking grand at stake."
Don't bullshit me.
What shit?
My dad is a no-good bum.
"You don't like American smartass, huh?"
You're gonna get your shot.
"Her family, her good name... nothing's been touched by all this... filth."
We're here to find the missing men and one of us is missing? Shit!
"And I just wanna let you know... ...that I know I've been a pain in the ass, but you've been great."
"God damn it, I just want some fucking water."
"""A blow job isn't with your mouth. ""It's with your heart."
"For God's sakes, do you really think that I could have killed your brother?"
"Yeah, he's renting this shitty little apartment."
Half the guys she still fucks she used to terrorize in the fifth grade.
"Because I can't think of anything more frightening... than a half-polish, half-arab virgin in his 30s."
Exactly. This is our chance to finally create a word and get it in the damn dictionary.
"I'm on top of mount saint shit, Delores!"
"Shot a 16-year-old boy, too. And clubbed him so hard... He might not live."
"Dude, we gotta see that shit."
"I'll bet you £1 to a pinch of shit... that there's a little piece of hash somewhere at that party... and if there is, I've got them."
You're just supposed to help this guy die.
You're inconsiderate and stubborn.
Shut up a minute.
He made me feel so dirty.
It's like a frigging wax sculpture.
"Albeit a selfish, mean-spirited, childish raison."
What the fuck are you talking about?
"A lot of acreage has been devoted to keeping the fucking sun off, so from above, it has a shuttered-up look about it—lots of red tile, decorated with flowers and Arabs."
Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?
The Troll fell to the ground and scuttled off into the night.
You'll draw blood.
"Rowena, you are damn hard to take."
How the fuck can you grin?
"Yeah, so he could get out of that jail and ""A"" could kill him?"
Get him off my back.
"""I'm a fucking demon."""
"Now turn around, so I can rub your hump for luck."
"Well, she's a liar."
What is scum?
They'll put you in the third row and you'll die.
It will be difficult to find a more suitable candidate for extermination.
Would you please shut up about it?
Cut him off!
In Turgosheim only a blind man or a fool would ask why beings who could live as long as the Wamphyri usually live so short.
Fuck. Why don't you just kick it in?
"What do you think, I'm stupid?"
I could have cut the sexual intercourse in that room with a knife.
"She's big-boned with a healthy appetite for life, asshole."
Just give me the fucking keys.
Your balls.
"You mean, ""crap is art""?"
"I say we let Brennen find out, stick a gun in his mouth... tell him we're gonna decorate the walls with his big-ass brain... if he doesn't hand over Mike's debrief... problem solved."
You always like to fucking rewrite history.
And hold against your breast...
"Obviously, he's a bit fucked or he wouldn't be in here."
And get rid of this goddam car!
"Hey, you're black, right?"
"And my brother said ""You're crazy, Annie,"" but I knew I wasn't."
You killed this man as surely as Cain killed Abel or Ebert killed Siskel.
Nothing will be served by killing the arbiter before his decision.
"Lady, you want to fuck?"
Strip her naked!
Emily Dickinson! Only the greatest poet ever! Uncultured swine.
Slave girls will play me music and drop grapes in my mouth.
"Why the fuck not, man? The sun got nine planets. I can have nine baby mamas."
You've no notion how it makes you sweat to punch Satan and keep on slugging.
"I've been fucking listening to him since I was nine, 10."
You stink!
We're gonna go shoot up an armored column.
You try not to get a boner from me!
I'm not leaving this goddamn stink hole without it.
A stupid chicken.
"Both of you, shut up."
Maybe b-bear found out why she didn't have time for him and killed her.
Idolaters! For this you shall drink bitter waters!
There's a fucking Eskimo sitting in his little igloo... who does not know that we go live in 22 hours.
Listen... we can't keep paying out every shmuck who files a claim.
"And they're nice guys, be all courteous and shit."
Get out of here. You're bugging me.
There's a fucking great Riley parked out there and nobody's watching it.
Either of you ever meet any of those scumbags?
"And then we're gonna beat him over the head with the baseball bat, rolled him up into an old rug, kick him off the cliff into the pounding surf below."
"Just because he set this up, he felt he could bust Jimmy's balls... for an advance on the money we were going to steal."
Don't die here alone.
And hot and miserable!
I don't want anybody sneaking around and stealing shit.
We'll throw him in there.
"If that's what you think, you are naive... Or ignorant..."
They want a crazy jerk-off story?
Why do you have to be such a fucking pussy?
"We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey."
"I don't know what kind of herb from Jamaica you've been smoking, but that is disgusting crap."
"When life gives you lemons, just say, ""Fuck the lemons,"" and bail."
And from today you're too cowardly for that?
I'm gonna come back here and you and I are gonna polish off this entire motherfucking bottle of Tres Comas together.
Get out of my face. I'm gonna have to arrest you.
I wouldn't leave that shit lying around if I were you.
"You saw hell yesterday, now you're scared of going to hell for all the bad things you've done."
Get that fucking torch out of my face and put that cigarette out.
Chicken shit. I'll help. Can I come?
"That bloke, the one that jumped out in front of your car on the dark country lane, he just happened to be your bloody accountant, did he?"
"Papa Smurf, sexy freedom-fighter girl, strapping young man, black... looks like a gangbanger, and a... Oriental of some sort."
A fucking Nazi Julie Andrews.
"Yeah, that's what people tell you, but people are liars."
At the end we're all gonna die.
"You can either stand here waving your dick around and wasting my fucking time, or you can go tell Celmis that lan Mitchell is here and he wants to cash in his favor."
"In common with the 'lectrokelp, they were useless as food."
A fucking piece of cake - every move you make's a sign of stress.
I think you killed your wife and dumped her body somewhere.
"No time to contemplate getting his own massive hands on that svolochy, that scum, Waldeck for just a few, brief moments."
"Different day, same slop."
"She's rude, offensive and vulgar."
You wanna replace Semak with your own little puppet.
She only mo ves when you turn on that goddamn machine.
"Look, he's not giving you any money, so piss off !"
What makes them so much goddamn better than human beings?!
Couldn't even go to the goddamn funeral.
Damn near.
I have one testicle-- whac-a-mole accident-- and I'm down to clown.
Makes them feel like wolves instead of the little lap dog that he is.
"How you feeling, faker?"
What the hell's gotten into you?
We need to roll her over.
And I'm gonna smoke a fucking cigar to celebrate.
"Bloody hell, Murdoch."
Get off of me!
"Give it to me, fuck!"
"Hey, Stirling fucking Moss!"
"You're home now, put the gun down Christopher."
Oops! I promised Fiona she could tell you. Damn.
"And as long as you have blood, you don't need to kill?"
The other geeks came and ate all the flesh off his legs.
"Shut up, Josh, please."
"Don't go, you'll get yourself killed"
The next moment you were fucking her.
"No, you should do it, even though you are fucking bad at it."
"Your mucus was ""pale goldenrod""."
The freaks with hooves!
"And he-- And now, apparently Lady E. was married to a real piece of dog shit. I mean, a real fucking animal."
That Tiegler's attorney could hang us with.
I'll murderise you.
"""I should think you'd be very foolish if you weren't,"" said the vampire."
We cut them down.
Don 't hit her. Hit the bad guy.
But in case tragedy strikes... ...be prepared to clear your crapout of here in 48 hours.
"Pistol, I've been up to my ass in dust plemy of times but... this kinda dust is like a supreme kinda dust."
Stick to my mantra steer clear of the witch.
I saved everything that loser ever gave me.
"Two seconds ago you told us to talk. Now it's ""Shut up?"""
You make no mistake I will cut them loose.
Whatever the fuck that means.
You don't wanna see a face covered with pox.
Your new prom queens are... ...Kara and Sara Fratelli. - Fuck.
"Shit, I don't know!"
No shit!
Half a million is just chump change.
Slit her wrists.
Throw physic to the dogs.
"That is his little, twisted... ...sicko office."
My mother is emailing and texting and tweeting everyone in the country that I'm gay!
I'll make you suffer.
"""You can go to hell, for my part,"" Bush informed them."
Look sad and keep your mouth shut.
"Frankie, I'm telling you, that dancing stuff is for sissies."
There's a smell in this room of puke.
"In short, having gotten the world into its current economic mess, financial markets are now saying to countries like Greece and Spain: damned if you don’t cut back on spending, but damned if you do as well."
"Stick it to them, destroy their perfect fucking little lives."
"Then it's something we're not seeing, damn it!"
Forget that mulatto.
"They kill everyone. Parents, kids, pets if they have them."
"Fuck, yeah. - Ah!"
"That's dirty, Carlton."
"But if it's just gone, the fuck's he gonna say?"
"Sorry to bother you, officer, but security told me that the line was over here, and I was waiting over there, and I didn't want to leave, just in case-I feel ridiculous."
"You show up all of a sudden, at 8:00 in the morning... ...you walk in here like a goddamned bulldozer."
Your sideshow freaks attacked my fighters.
"Thirty goddamned minutes,"" Cantor said."
You look like you need a pimp.
What the hell kind of businessman does Colin Vine know?
"Up until now, the worst thing I ever saw... ...was my father doing tequila shots off the naked houseboy."
"Ooh, damn!"
"He's able to strike, kill and get out in less than 14 minutes?"
"Listen, sometimes my brother can be fuckin' careless."
"Suckered by a spoiled brat, son of a senator"
"Don't you pig-waller me, mister!"
"We're not gonna store the motherfucker- - Don't you fuckin' realize... that if Bonnie comes home and finds a dead body in her house, I'm gonna get divorced?"
Shutting up.
"Out of my way, nerds!"
"Doesn't matter, fool."
"Dear Lady , K'rul replied, you have your answer, and I will be damned if I am going to countenance your impertinence."
That’s why I hit you so hard.
"Our neighbor Jerry, he was one of those survivalist nuts."
I'm sorry I'm such a rotten mother.
"Yep -- unfortunately, it wasn't just the players who were a pain in the butt."
"Get off him, you mongrel."
Last time I saw you... you drove off in my car. Fuck off.
Why'd you have to kill that little girl?
"These are barbarians, the depraved opponents of civilization?"
"Victor dabbled in drugs, armed robbery and assault, spent time... in prison for the attempted rape of a minor."
"Two minutes later, the neighbors call in, another shot's fired. They think the fucking building's coming down around them."
He's an evil scarecrow.
"Because weneeded a mother, and not another friend to get fucked up with."
"Man, you've been eating some weird shit."
I love watching her shave her legs in the tub.
"'Self-centered and foolish about money, by all accounts; prone to flatulence as well."
He was a ball hog at your age.
"Be killed, that's the plan."
Just sit down. Keep your mouth shut.
Your nose is broken.
You're a terrible liar.
"Get your finger off, Lars."
"""Younger son"" has a much nicer sound to it than ""bastard"", doesn't it?"
Kill the operators.
We're all over the goddamn news.
"Hey, get off me!"
You named your dog horny patty?
His tongue felt dry and thick.
Fucking flying if you think I'm scared of you.
I feel like your parents are gonna bust us.
I'm dealing with a bunch of bitches.
"Let them starve, for the farms could not support them all."
So when I have one that's cocking... I always hold it up so that it can see its body.
"I can see the fucking time, but they're giving me all the rough cases."
Stinky Sommer rolls in shit! - I don't stink.
God damn it!
"Brother, I'm gonna punch a hole, you follow me through."
Licking poodle feet and shit.
"A sad, pathetic woman in diapers who can't feed herself?"
"Oh, fuck, man."
Are you nervous because we're killing a chick'?
"You have just killed another living thing, Pasha."
"But, tonight, you lucky boy, I'm all nerd hag."
"Shut up, Sickan!"
"If two grown men can't make a pervert happy for a few minutes in order to watch a film about zombies, then maybe we should all just move to Iran."
I got over mine when I went to Yale and met a bunch of other smart losers.
Why have you sent me a video of Jess taking a shit?
It wasn't me. Let me just say... I don't want my kid's father to be a hoodlum.
I can't compete with you physically... and you're no match for my brains.
"After defeating that porn empire,"
"Samar, you're gonna bleed out!"
"I mean, I smelled like a tuna fish's asshole for four years, but it's good work."
"I burn this place so that we could die out there on that water, fighting"
It's a bunch of junk.
"You goya bean-eating, 15-in-a-car, 30-in-an-apartment, pointy shoes, red-wearing, Menudo, mira-mira, Puerto Rican cocksucker, yeah, you!"
What the hell is it?
I got people who'ilattest to seeing you kill in cold blood.
"One of the first things that Rob Gretton did when he came along, was ""Stop the fucking record that you've done."""
Don't fucking look at me.
"Damn, what's with their Reiatsu?"
"What the fuck happened to you, man?"
This dump needs customers.
That trial was a damned joke.
"Hell, here!"
"There were Manty ships in that mess, but its CO had to be a Grayson, because no Manty admiral would let himself fuck up this way."
"Michael, I don't like you no more."
"Behold, as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work."
"He buy the man a drink, take him out and goes savage as a meat axe on him."
What the hell is this?
"Congressman Zeb Weil, whose career I've spent 20 years building, is about to be accused of paying for sex."
I don't want you getting chickenshit and not calling me.
I can't believe I have a fucking Academy Award and I am calling you back!
I don't fucking care what he is!
She really needs some support... Or a stranger's tongue down her throat.
I'm not sure why you're so inclined to protect that dumbass friend of yours.
So you find out she's imaginary and you squeeze her breast?
"The kind of kids they call ""trash."""
"I went to bed in my shit-hole apartment, and woke up in an actual shit-hole."
"She fought through them as through a crowd of living people, while their gawping, idiot faces looked at her and hated her invasion."
"You know those pictures on the packets of cigarettes with a pair of horrible, blackened lungs with all pussy ooze coming out?"
"It raised its head from the shit, and he saw it was another of what this monster-maker had called Lix."
"Hey, look, you gotta promise... if I tell you what I know about this shit, it stays between me and you."
I am going to bury myself alive every night and then someone will come along and dig me up.
This Jew here madethem take over our town.
Forget the bloody house.
"Look, I don't know what you people are doing out here, but this is the second wolf kill in a couple of days and you've got goddamn tracks all over your property."
"“Say farts, Gage,” she said."
"One time, famous case, guy, he cut off his own face on that shit."
Why do you even fucking care?
"You know, a sane person would regret murdering someone... more than being taken in by a line of crap. - Define crap."
I got roped into doing a silly interview with The Independent.
"The surgeon followed through with one swift stab, striking Dowd in the middle of his chest."
"""Shut him up!"" she screeched."
"Oh, we shall have her stripped so that she shall be... naked."
"So the next time you refer to his name, next time you say it, at least, in front of me, you say it with some goddamn reverence, because he earned it."
"Well, the boys at school, they say it's stupid to try hard in class."
"When you piss in your pants, you can only stay warm for so long."
Give me the goddamn keys.
Even Ass- rash here might get laid.
What the hell are they doing?
We may yet have cause to burn him.
"Yes, one very humid day after way too much sangria, I shit myself in Paris!"
"Look, throw them away!"
"Well, Dad, thanks for trying. And bonus points for using the word jackass in another conversation unironically."
Women are forbidden within the encampment.
"I mean, shit, this is America right?"
"Congrats, Dr. B. Suck up."
"Hey, you hogs, listen up!"
"You know, the damn thing worked like a charm."
Because you were fucked up.
"How many times am I gonna tell you, it's a damn historical monument... not a hotel which I can rent"
We made some foolish choices.
Thank fuck!
"looking to kill somebody else, probably got PTSD, probably an alcoholic."
They mustn't touch me I won't let them jerk me off.
"Rats!"""
"He drinks too much, he smokes, he gambles, curses, lies and cheats."
They take the ugly groupies.
Scared to fucking death.
Gross! - ALL: Oh!
"Can't be no normal man. No, he's a killer."
"Damn it, I need to know."
"You know, shit like that."
I'll finish him off.
All you've gotta do is tell us when he's gonna play his chump.
"A half-dozen people, including my wife, are in that building with an armed lunatic. I want them out."
"Yesterday, I thought you were obnoxious."
"When you said, ""This is no picnic, bitch,"" I screamed on the inside like one."
My wedding can suck it?
"Rust would pick a fight with the sky if he didn't like its shade of blue, but when we finally got him over to the house... this is when that case was hot... poor bastard looked like he was on his way to the firing squad."
"""Goddamn you--what about your son?"
This man is a very bad man.
You have to get my boat that bloody?
(Robbins) To deal with the thing of what you call black militants trying to overthrow the government.
"No, he's just trying to get me some vag."
"Man, they don't take shit from nobody."
I eat breakfast 300 yards from 4000 Cubans who are trained to kill me.
Estúpido! last Saturday night I made 100 pesos for letting 10 members of the National Ballet suck me off.
"We found a bunch of fat doe fuckers... -...and we're getting them emptied."" -Fat does emptied?"
Fuck it! Get outta the way!
This is my fucking house!
"And if we can't beat the other girl, we'll use... a garbage can or a bottle or anything."
"Oh, my God, I'm an idiot!"
"Just like a hunted animal can find shelter, I beg you to spare my wretched soul for all eternity."
"On closer examination she would turn out to have the heavy, dank, wide-pored skin of the bourgeois French."
"Kiss my ass, Aaron! It's over!"
Looks like some dog in my shell.
And now...they are all waiting...for me to die
You are most miserable.
"When I'm dead, that bοy will ruin himself, this family and this natiοn within 12 mοnths."
"Tie him up, rob him, we're out."
"Look,man,I'm not reallyinto that homo shit, but I'm kind of shorton money for weed, so I guess I'll do it for lessthan jeremy's charging."
"Just highlighting British intransigence, so fucking what ?"
Put him on death row at Colorado supermax prison.
It was just a big fucking mess.
"""Damn,"" Luke said."
"How many fucking ways to sunday Do I have to tell you that I'm fine, maria?"
"""I could blast you down where you stand,"" said Baley."
"Well, I guess even a bonehead like you could understand... ...that a man acquires thisover a period of 50 years."
"""That's really dirty."
...like someone left for dead... ...she plans her suicide.
"I don't fucking know, Titus!"
"'Well, dammit, Paran,' he said, amused lines crinkling around his eyes, 'you've come out of the blue like a god-sent bolt of lightning."
Did you see that fucking faggot's face?
"Damn, he's got, like, a dog's name."
"All right, chaps ... hang on to your knickers."
"Oh, God damn it, I forgot about that."
"Today of all days, he decides he'll finally kill me--"
A handjob pays five.
They seemed to have decided in their bones that if they were going to overturn thousands of years of subterranean tradition they weren't going to go through all that for no damn twinset and pearls.
"She felt an answering smile lift her own lips, even though her left hand was still hurting like a bastard."
But your stupid Wickie isn't here.
"Well, that's a fuckin' ordeal. Yeah."
Get off me!
"The last man to occupy this desk had been Norman Harold Wellesley, a traitor."
"They were shot Executed,all of them."
"Fuck, man."
"Roy, you need to get off this suicide thing."
The boy will die!
I got the goddamned Unabomber threatening to blow up L.A.X.
"Everybody's drinking tall boys, and nobody's fucking working."
Ohh! Who blew ass in my basement?!
The whole goddamn island's out there.
You're failure!
I saw you get killed again.
Pre-cum moistens my prick.
"Come on, Meg, you always thought I was a wackjob too."
"Drop your backpacks and show us your papers, shitheads!"
There are a mililon people out there who'd kill for your job.
"We brought a document with us, stating that the King is mentally ill."
Family shit.
Try to stabbing the house on fire?
People are gonna go nuts!
Let's see if you bleed.
"Merrick, you and me are allies, marching into battle together, and aren't smart-assed replies amongst allies a waste of fucking time?"
"If he bites you, you get rabies and die."
Behold arkadios! Scourge of athens!
And I'd do everything to you.
And I have no tits.
"You thief, How dare you touch my bow!"
The Bernie I knew was somewhat of a sissy.
"This was because it had been built by Bergholt Stuttley Johnson, better known to history as 'Bloody Stupid'"
Turn and burn!
"Okay, but you killed hundreds of thousands of people, so I think you can- ""Yeah, no, but 9/11. ""Fuck you."
You can't leave me over this shit.
This asshole!
You're fucking kidding me.
Because I did not understand shit.
You're not gonna be someone that goes through life... ...wondering why shit keeps falling out of the sky around them.
"So, when you're fucking her tonight, you know what you should say?"
"OK, but then, why doesn't he give a shit about his million bucks?"
"Ow! You don't like it, find a girlfriend already so someone else can cut things off your body."
"Let's just pretend that you're not insane, I'm actually alive and we're having this fucking conversation, OK?"
You are sitting at the loser table.
Assumption is the mother of fuckups.
Damn right I did.
"Ford called me 0200, told me to get my ass to Cedar Creek, California."
Word is you got your dick blown off with your own gun.
"Ah, crap, I forgot the ladder."
"Man, don't take this the wrong way, but your dad is a controlling dick."
You had him tell me you were dead? With a fucking cross bow?
I'd like to shove the phone down their kisser.
"Sorry, ma'am. These damn new phones."
"Damn, that's a lot of money"
"Body temperature, 50. I’d guess suckhead."
"The Latimores had a reputation for being the meanest, nastiest people in town, but that's just because folks didn't know them."
"Where do little girls come from... storks,"
You're gonna get the fucking electric chair brought back over to Charlestown.
Corn and rye are total arse.
"What the hell is wrong with you, getting jealous at a time like this?"
You were an embarrassment to him.
Look at that goofy grin.
He knew that in the soul of one who is ignorant there is always room for a great idea.
"What are you, a goddamn rapper?"
"A wanted, spent, dishonest man."
"There's no openings, Mike, and even if there were, I got a hundred guys standing in line that are just like you, Only they won't bitch when their back hurts."
I've jerked off three times since lunch.
"I told you, I'm totally screwed up about sex."
"Jack, it's a fool's errand."
I was trying to signal the goddamn plane!
The Jew shot Omar Selim because he figured Selim was gonna rip off his little store.
"'Cause you're training like a damn bum, you know that?"
Pig is slang for cop.
Get him and his crap out of here!
A pimp.
"No, I fucking went back to apologise."
Then bludgeoned himself to death?
"When you hear her talk, your fucking heart stops."
He is addicted to the intimacy of killing.
Did you blow the gas on us... - Or did you just fuck up?
You put that heavy bag without balls in the ring with me... and you'll see the meaning of pain!
She's your fucking girl.
"Since last Sunday, I had sexual intercourse out of wedlock seven times. But..."
"""You can't die on me, Druid."
I think it's been following me all morning. - Get the fuck out.
Shit! Special Investigator 15 to Base.
"Yes, remove them."
"If all I gave a fuck about was the watch, I shoulda told you that. You're not a mind reader."
"You'il burn, my friend."
"I have become friends with Rambos gang, for example, Charlie Hooper ... ... ""The mad dog""."
"Goddamn it, Brad, you're always right."
Have you ever had sex with a woman?
"Beasto, nigga, I know it's you!"
"Don't try to pull that shit with me, boy."
Troll hammer.
"Bubbles, you'll just get a slap on the wrist, man."
"No full of piss and vinegar, talking about how you were tired of spray-painting synagogues, saying you want to blow some shit up."
"Tell me where Habib Marwan is. Dammit, we're losing him."
How could someone who only eats burgers know the difference between good and shit?
Somebody sent a suicide bomber out to the bayou this morning.
"Young people are, for the most part, politically immature... and that is where you are a perfect example."
"""Your feet to fly from your body and be buried in a termite mound!"" he screamed."
It's all just fucking meaningless words!
"I bought this broken-down shit-hole of a place three weeks ago, and if business don't pick up soon, I'm going straight down the skids."
They had so much fuckin' money in there... you could build a house out of stacks of hundred-dollar bills.
Phase 1: to eliminate them infected.
"Oh, darn mice."
I got bored. that nurse was hot.
"Here, on this deserted hill, screamed into the teeth of the storm by this lunging, falling monster that looked like a human being, they were awful."
Who's retarded now?
"Doritos, I'll never get sick of you."
"Get up, you little shit."
"My idea, my operation, nearly got my ass killed, but there you go."
You know what? It was right by the garbage can where you left me.
Bunch of penises!
You look like shit!
Guilty for... being a freak.
"It's like I've, uh... vertically integrated myself, you know, diversified and shit... and now I'm into the occasional grand larceny... - home invasion, shit like that."
Because you'd give me a lecture on it. Burn!
It's a fucking good idea.
"Idol. Losers, tribal council where Somebody will be voted out of"
"So he shoots you down, and then a scant 48 hours later, he just drinks some poison and drops dead."
Why isn't this making you crazy?
I guess there-there are worse things than your dad kissing your wife.
"Mom, I suck."
Healthcare has enough problems without you punks.
Please don't have sex while Leslie is here.
"You can go on Nerdly.net, TheBenchwarmers.org... ...or Please- stop- with- the- shit- tossing- it's- getting- old.com."
"At the door a clerk cut him off, a fat man in a blue suit, pudding face flushed with indignation."
"Neri had never much liked Negroes, and working in Harlem had made him like them even less."
"Michael Voltaire James, pussycat."
"Yeah, if you don't mind my saying so, you've been a real jerk to me all week."
"""the hell with you and your problems."""
"If you're gonna lock me up... ...do it over something I am actually guilty of, stupid."
When I asked Niles about it all he did was give me shit about the party.
"Bobby, as your friend, I'm telling you to get as far the fuck away, as possible."
He was like a helpless pup locked up with a bitch in heat.
It's not shit.
"If the leash ever broke, the animal would go for his throat."
"June, if you get this plane you will fucking die. Maybe they did meant it when they said that I will be safe."
"If you'd fired this, you would've vaporized me."
I'd better not have to fucking listen to that every other night.
This will kill monsters and pierce samurai armor.
I showed you all I got. I showed you my ass in here.
You look hideous.
"A third woman, the one who had squeezed Shotgun's crotch, was Patty Kroger."
"Damn it, O'Rourke, you are not giving these guys enough turn around time."
There might be someone else in this shit to cause us some more grief.
She thinks I'm fucking myself!
Core bullshit.
"Just, no more chili cheese fries. - They smell disgusting."
"It's not your pudding, you Alzheimer's lout!"
You'll stay here and make his life miserable?
"But, damn it, Jonas did not want to give up before they had even started."
Shit! Now it's your fault!
Start at murder two for this dirtbag and get him to surrender his parental rights to the boy as you work your way down.
"Shawn, would you stop screwing around?"
"Trix. T. Now, it's not like I'm one of those silly guys that keeps track of how many, uh..."
Daddy... I need to go to the shithouse.
Both of us are gonna keep our mouths shut.
"""Get out of here, you criminal!"" he cried, shoving the man away."
"She's in a foreign country, her boyfriend dies, she runs into some fellow Americans and we tell her to fuck off?"
That means I've got to come up with an ending for this nonsense.
"And from the way they describe this death, you'd have to really hate someone to kill him with these mushrooms."
A fat lot she'd care if he caught pneumonia.
You think they're gonna give a crap if I know their names?
"Yeah, you were crazy back then."
"Hey, Mr. Hot Shit Phone Recorder."
"So this is just, uh, regular female crazy, not ""I'm about to break up with you"" crazy?"
"I told you, piss off!"
Don't freaking joke like that.
"The ugly beast had an oversized head, floppy ears, and stubby legs designed for work rather than speed."
Can't wait for the day when it's your crap being boxed up.
Those babies explode.
And do you know why I know that you're a fake?
True peace would be obtained only if every elf and human and dwarf had his or her head cut off and heart cut out.
"""And who the fuck is Eddie Calvert?"" I'd ask them."
"It's the capital of our country, bonehead."
I'm not fucking around with him.
Got to get rid of the piglets.
"Frank, you team up with me, and I swear to fucking God that we will take those cocksuckers down that stole your wife."
"I can't do anything about it, so shut up."
"Fuckin' relax, Hel."
Finn tried to make a move on that mulatto Negro chick.
"No, I can't, fuck it."
Why would Sully fix the goddamn clock and then leave the hole in it?
"Yeah, no shit, Roger!"
she's sick and she's lopsided.
That's bullshit to say about me.
We need the proper tools to cut him out.
"Get off me, man!"
They'll recycle your ass.
"But that doesn't mean every single decision I make now is stupid or immature, all right?"
"Take out the trash, Dan."
You came in here to make me sick.
Why ridiculous? lt's new.
"Cos tomorrow you bleed, little girl."
I've always been a wimp.
"Actually, behind that tree Was where I felt my first set of boobs. - Oh."
You've got her brainwashed!
Don't even fucking think about it.
And here I am.... I'm talking about silly things like Dusseldorf.
Who's top of the shit list?
Your insides are on fire.
"If my mom sees this hanging up at Molly's, she is gonna go nuts."
"Before he could finish, one of them - a thick-chested troll with a pouty toad's mouth and what looked like gills on the sides of his wattled neck - lunged forward, gibbering in a high-pitched and peculiarly flabby voice."
You shoot it. I'll show you something.
Hitting a man when he's drunk...
I'm looking down on myself from a UAV... bouncing a video signal off a satellite to a laptop lying in horse crap... and Elvis just walked by.
"Sergeant York will shoot Captain Kisno, Lieutenant Groit and myself, along with these three soldiers."
I ought to be a fucking monk.
I'll bet my ass we find something weird and interesting there.
Why the hell did you Let them go?
I'm about to get straight Kunta Kinte on your ass!
I'm such a pain in the ass these days I deserve myself.
"One million, plus the fucking heart."
The boss gives him hell every time he gets mad.
"Oh, do me a favor? Do tell harper that when I get back, I will be fitting him with a self-Kicking butt."
"Hey, Mr. McClary, be careful you don'tget another hook in your finger!"
"Well I bet you twenty, I'll beat your ass in a race, right now"
Can't you be careful? ...Idiot!
We're in deep shit!
Louis wants us to cut the kid's thumb off.
"Maybe one, no kicks to the groin, home for dinner."
"Dude, that was stupid. Is all well with you?"
"If she is going to die, let her go without knowing the whole, ugly truth."
Maybe some perverts.
These women were of no pressing concern; they were slovenly creatures lacking in education and a discriminating view of the world.
Why do I have to admit that to a bunch of drug losers?
He will return when the execution is completed.
"Maybe I can find somebody who-- what the hell are you lookin` at, dipshit?"
"So, maybe our vic runs his mouth off About something and it gets him killed."
How could you not fuck her?
"Not gonna be able to take out both boilers, so if you want to kill her, gotta damage the shaft."
And I'd say trusting an alcoholic ex-government hitman... ...is a greater challenge than trusting a middle-aged cripple.
Did she fuck a President?
"Ryan, right between the garbage can and that tree right there."
I'll bet he never jerks off.
"Priests and vampires engage angels two, Jesus'lhrist""-an obvious expletive, not coder""they're at two ldicks---"""
"And if anyone here wants a girl to have sex with you... ...and then to fuck your enemy, go to Brandi!"
"What are you, deaf and dumb?"
Do you want to be put to death?
Hates you.
"""Poor bastard."""
"Shit, you didn't waste any time getting into trouble, did you??"
"I'm not a fag yet, sir, but I am bike curious."
"You know, these two boys... They were murdered with the same slut dust that you mention in your email."
"What could it do, kill you?"
There's three bitches in Los Angeles and two in Phoenix that messed with me.
Nurse Harper is epileptic.
You're afraid to make the big moves because she's handicapped and shit.
They've only had sex with each other.
"Damn ducks, can't go after Ned Pepper, and a band of hard men and look after a baby at the same time."
That Ashley girl is a beast!
You see that shit?
Who else would rather kill Than risk exposure in the light?
"Some of us can't see in the dark, you fucking nipplehead."
"The rain, dancing to the rhythm of the thunder, full-on Tantric orgasm, are you kidding me?"
I need a shot.
"And yet, the dwarf now seemed to Catti-brie a shell of his former self, a wallowing old dwarf waiting to die."
"What a fuckup, he groaned inside."
"What happens between us, I can't fucking control. Lord knows I've tried every which way."
You're fucking blind to all you've got!
"She's just a cheap,common, promiscuous little--"
"Come on, strike me!"
I want to hang this star before the entertainment portion of our party.
Jeremy fucking Coleman.
"""American soldier... ...your wives are back at home... ...having sex with Bart Simpsonand Bert Reynolds. """
Screw Mrs. Zachary.
First you roast it.
"So, Lieutenant Cork made a call, and Leppenraub said, yeah, Gates had tried to blackmail him, and he politely told Scotty to go to hell."
Do you realise who the fuck you're talking to? Do you?
"I'm gonna get some pasta, some sauce, some cheese... ...put it in there, mix it with these bastards' nuts... ...and make balls lasagna."
"Hell, you see a hole big enough for her, I want you in there."
"Because all I have for certain at this particular moment is the fact that I don't trust him, I don't like him, and I know he's ambitious, opinionated, and pigheaded."
I had you beaten...
"You two I.D. me, the police arrest me,stick a fork in my ass, and I'm done."
Damn right.
Slap him good.
Burton smashed in his face with his axe.
What the fuck are you doing?
"What if I say I do want to get up to dickens?"""
In my next life... ...I wanna come back... ...as one of the buttons on the ass pocket of her jean shorts.
We don't want youse here!
You perv.
Since the Mad King had his tongue ripped out with hot pincers.
What is this shit?
Tab continued in daily conflict with a demon within his breast.
We don't need any more of this shit.
"Unless Brody's not dead, and is somehow still in play with the terrorists, in which case lifting her burns him. Be his death sentence."
"I just want to eat you up, tomorrow and the next day, next day, next day...."
"See, Spidey thought it'd be a fun idea to leave me a shit bomb. You know what that is?"
You're snotty Little Miss Cranky Pants and I go with the flow.
Pretty darn hard.
Or I'll kill you in a heart beat.
You're like the Stephen Hawking of killing relationships.
"""Toward the old, the sick, the feeble, the insane, the useless in all variations."
"I mean, they got the same shit over there that they got here, - but it’s just there, it's a little different."
"Now, they may be foolish... petty thieves, even drug abusers... but they are not the ruthless bombers who have terrorized Britain for months."
"When other men used to complain about their wives, I'd just think the poor sucker made a bad choice. Alison?"
Fuckin' relax.
I'll be a dignified cripple and I'll show 'em all how it's done.
And now that your government has no further use of you... ...you are being thrown aside to starve and die.
I wasn't transported to some celestial space given my newfound bullshit Christianity.
The family should be abolished!
I do not like you.
Campbell? It's a damn poor time for having an iron man contest!
"This is a hell of a dog, Tab."
"Now with his parole hearing just around the bend, it looks like he might be taking his balls and going home."
"No, because she's a mental adolescent... ...and being romantic,she has a death wish."
"Loner, ex-military type."
You've been brainwashed.
Bet your ass you are.
"The father is a loathsome character, yet we also feel a strange sympathy for him."
Get off him.
A dollar for any piece that's bigger than that sucker right there.
And it turns out I've spent most Friday nights getting sucked off by old men!
"Get your hands off me! Hey, pimp!"
This is my fuckin' world! Two hundred thousand.
"This one, look at this photo. Or this one. She's got the same tits as you."
"He was er, always a joker, and he was a genius at coming up with murders."
"The image of his absurd but oddly commanding figure sitting like a large toad, brooding in his shabby office, kept insisting itself upon Richard’s mind."
"I was gonna say ""kiss ass,"" and then at the last second, I went with ""face time,"" okay?"
Blood's gonna come out of your head and there's nothing you can do about it cos I’m a madman!
Let's go. Ma! Fool!
"She thinks I'm great, and technology sucks."
Or wear a glove over it if you’re a swanker.”
He sure must have the smallest dick in the Universe.
"""Damn straight I will,"" Aliyat mumbled."
"I finally caught you, you dirty-- Steve, you finish that sentence, and I swear to God I'll call a lawyer."
It's your fucking problem.
"Well, who gives a shit about jurisdictional provenance?"
Something stinks like a pig's ass in summertime.
It's just a fucking sick joke.
Keep asking stupid questions and I'm getting out at the next corner.
"Damn it, Meredith, you're so judgmental."
I'm sorry you tried to kill yourself because of me.
Then I called you a dick.
When you're finished playing your kidnap-victim crap on my daughter... ...come by the house.
"I've spent the last ten years of my life in bad fights set up by you and Alice. I've finally got a good thing going for me, and you can't be fucking happy for me? Why?"
"If you fail, Kevin dies."
Are you fucking kidding?
Cause you don't fuckin know me.
"But what Google can't tell you is that this scared, desperate, bullshitting son of a bitch..."
What the hell you doing?
"He's so hideous to look at, too."
But why the fuck you care?
What damned boats? he asked himself.
"Make no mistake, Mr. Sherman. I believe wholeheartedly in the death penalty."
What the heck!
"If we weren't all dead in two minutes, I would masturbate so hard... -...to lone tonight."
You are the Northern king of kicks!
"Now remember, don't shoot 'til I shoot."
He's not supposed to fucking come here!
Who gives a shit what he said to me?
"""Bloody hell,"" Covington observed."
"Fuck that, drive!"
"Drizzt was a drow, after all, dark skinned to view and dark hearted by reputation."
"Given the prevailing climatic conditions, using this lubricant is like trying to buttfuck a virgin underaged phutak whore with chalk... when KY is clearly called for, sir."
"Melanie: Jake and his big, fat mouth."
"""You are the Executioner."
"Eleanor, we have one kid who's old enough to shit in a vase!"
"When a soldier is plucked as a child and raised to know no other life, they will kill without question and die without complaint."
"I had no intension of killing your father, Tatsu."
God damn!
"I'm a bit behind than the other girls, but being an idiot that you are, you won't understand what I mean, will you?"
"What utter nonsense, Henry!"
"Governor, we have collected over one thousand signatures requesting that you veto this gay-marriage bill!"
"Number one, tell her she won some shit, and then there's no shit."
He used both hands to press my wrist to his mouth and sucked me.
"Damn, no."
"Its neck and anus were bloody, its purple eye glazed."
People with blood pumping through their veins... ...waiting to be opened up and sucked dry.
Your crew sees you for the miscreant you are.
It's like fucking clockwork.
Richard bloody Poole! I mean...'
How the fuck should I know?
You lucky devils!
"Hope you're still crazy, or I'm out."
"Peter, your fart didn't go off until 8:30."
"Land, cell, e-mail, fax, Skype. The whole fucking thing."
"Don't think too much, and don't you be no fool."
A tent city of prostitute refugees from New Crobuzon’s red-light districts follows the rails and the men that set them down.
"One more act of revenge, and I send every damn one of you back to prison !"
"Hey, don't call me no scumbag."
"We're gonna shoot it here, but it's your ticket back to America."
Anger a High Priest and his foul-tempered god might well cock one red eye in your direction.
"Max, what did you get so crazy for?"
"Bonnie, if you use that much power, you'll be dead."
Don't move and show me your fuckin' hands right now.
Get the fuck off me!
"Sounds ridiculous, but it happened."
Since fuckin' when?
"Don't try to implicate me in your sick fantasies, it's okay?"
"So, Steve, after two years of taking multiple daily shots in the buttocks, you can expect to go from this hairless freak..."
She makes pervert phones too.
So disgusting.
What if we cut his head free first?
Many ofthe little Makers will die in the blow.
"I was in the throes of a sacrilegious epiphany, in possession of a magical document that promised an embarrassment of bitches."
You look like a fucking ghost hit ya.
Hit him! Hit him!
"It was, like, drinks and drugs and girls and movies and shit. Wow!"
You are a damn good rower.
And I want to put your mouth on it.
Can you pull back the tree and shoot me into the pond?
We think someone's killing the people that lived past their death dates-- people like you.
He's a real perv.
88s killed my best friend! - Shut up!
"I mean, sorry, buddy. Nobody wants your dead wife's lipstick,"
"But all the working men in the country knew in their hearts that somebody, somewhere, really needed to have his ass kicked."
You are in the shit.
It was some black prisoner.
Just to... just to stay the hell away from you.
I can sit here and jerk off for 5 years.
Shoot them?
But we didn't have to endure this crap when we danced in Barcelona.
"After we killed the scaly folk, he said, we could take back all the weapons we'd sold them and sell them again."
Does your husband lick you?
Only because Luke fancied their singer. It's pathetic.
Here comes the bogey man dressed in black.
One of the bitches stole my check.
"She laughed at the foolish expression on his face, though there was a catch in her laughter, as if she might weep."
Why don't you raise the shutter instead of crawling out like a fucking lizard?
"Shit Anyway, from this moment. you fall under our control, so start moving!"
Do you think I'm gonna have the dorky human heartbeat?
I ain't doing this baby shit by myself.
Right. And I made you argue that true love is bollocks. Guilty.
They were so upset by it... ...they canceled their stupid trip to Steubenville tonight.
"Mine is that it bothers me that you always shower right after we have sex, so..."
"You know, I can read your mind. Pussy cat..."
He had me whipped at the cart's arse from Fleet Bridge to Westminster!
"For my part I hate them and always have, but the other chieftains of the island think it best that we continue to maintain the amicable relations which exist between the two races; otherwise I should like nothing better than to lead my warriors amongst the hideous creatures and exterminate them--Pellucidar would be a better place to live were there none of them."""
You ever had sex with a girl?
"Giuliano, I have done your bidding many times over, however repugnant."
These hooligans !
"Unlike the rest of those Lima losers, you have superior Puckerman testosterone that's pumping those hallways full of premium. Puckerman-brand pheromones."
Said jerk would have discovered himself sprawled on the floor while the Marine lieutenant went on her way as unperturbed as a lioness brushing past a mouse.
"Packing, my lilliputian friend, is 90% mental."
This puppet had me fooled.
What the hell did that mean?
"""I suppose that's a stupid thing to say."""
Uh-oh. He's headed straight for that piece of junk.
Let it smash to bits.
"We're in the cafeteria, beating the Christ out of some guy... ...and I see this guard come over from behind... ...and he cracks Georgie over the head with a stick... ...and his fucking eye pops out."
"No shit, I'm gonna be with you."
"She says it's because he's a pig-headed, stubborn man who puts tradition before everything else."
"In case I'm about to die, I just want you to know that I did polish my ass with your toothbrush."
"Benny, didn’t I tell you to shoot Carrot?"
Fuck. What have I done?
"That's shit, man"
"I don't care if you have to disconnect the boiler, I don't want a health hazard like that in my goddamn basement."
What the hell's this?
Too selfish and weak to carry out his own plan? No.
How long's that gonna fucking take?
Shots to everyone who came in contact with your patient.
"That sort of thing could make the Second Chief Directorate counterspooks go nuts—race after innocent Muscovites, perhaps snatch a few up for interrogations, or put a squad of officers on the poor random bastard to watch everything he did."
"Of all the ""Howard humping hookers"" stories, that one's my favorite!"
Just stay away. I suppose it would make sense that a guy who's made a career out of defending garbage would stick up for that little piece of trash.
"You knew the one thing that I demanded was fidelity, and you still went out and screwed around behind my back."
"Look, I need the damn tour logs."
What the hell are you doing?
"Fine, die of thirst."
"Shut your beautiful, beautiful mouth, please."
Get off of me!
"If those missiles are supposed to be good against the Tandu, damn their seven-chambered hearts, they'll surely suffice for Gubru ground targets!"""
"For God's sakes, padre, stop that damn noise."
Hold down her legs.
Damn it! if you were still a man...
You fucking touch him now then!
She smiled impishly up at him and became more wanton.
You are so wasted.
Be a lady and face death!
"If you consider me telling you that you'll be lucky to get a der wienerschnitzel commercial in this country if you don't go back to work, then yeah, it's a fucking threat."
You'il be weak as a kitten for at least an hour.
"With any luck, ripping that cow's bloody head off."
"Bitch, don't hit my girl"
"Are you sure, fart boy?"
"Have you lost your friggin' mind?"""
I know you're not gonna fucking fight.
What the hell is she doing here?
He treated us like dirt.
"If he could not start a fire, he and his would surely die."
"You get some smartass who could put a penny or a button or, God forbid, Sarah, somebody could put a bullet down there."
"The courtier's, soldier's, scholar's, eye, tongue, sword, and I, of ladies most deject and wretched that sucked the honey of his music vows"
Maybe I should've just stuck with the freaks.
"When the Russians come and you're still here, you'll all die!"
Don't even fuckin' talk to me
There are only two reasons anyone would want to screw with me tonight.
I'm reluctant to fuck you any harder.
Stop pissing me off!
I don't believe any of this shit!
Must be awful being you.
Somebody die in here?
So we're gonna drive into the tunnel full of fucking smashed cars...
Allison's going into labor and you are not fucking here.
"Where the fuck you going, man?"
"Well, cut me down, little Jedi. It's time to leave."
I'm gonna call you fang.
"On second thought, I'd rather watch you starve."
"See, Keith, you're guilty, dog."
"Damn, you had your chance too."
My sister is a nitwit.
"Bears, rhinos, and shit?"
The way you'd want to kill a monster in a horror movie.
All I know is some Mexi-cunt screeches at you... ...suddenly the marriage is off.
"Piss off, Stan!"
"Since this deliverer is among their newborn, only their newborn need die."
I get this patronizing shit... ...from Arthur and Mason for three monthsand I'm sick of it!
What the hell is that?
He told you what the goddamn pay was.
Take them and hang them.
What the hell you doing with this guy?
What the hell you sayin'?!
Best damn movie I've ever seen!
"""Make it dead."""
Get the fuck off me.
You smell like a pimp.
Cake is good. Butyou cannot have sex with cake.
Curse the man who invented helium. Curse Pierre Jules César Janssen.
"He's a mardy bastard, what's the matter with him?"
"Trust me, I do plenty of sucking just for his benefit."
Have you ever heard anything so Ridiculous.
This is better than fuckin' Christmas!
Bring this iron carcass to my lab.
Don't you realise they're going to kill us?
That fuckin' nobody... is John Wick.
"So, Palmer and Castanares are sitting on that jerkoff Saul Goodman's office, keeping an eye on Jesse Pinkman."
"The Temples were useless, and the stench of the Mage guild made him feel ill."
I ain't afraid to die.
It's depressingand freaking cold!
Nigger owe me $50.
"He's saying that Longdale fucked us... ...which is so totally,completely bizarre."
Like cursing Katie Bell and hoping that in return she'd bear a cursed necklace to me?
"Those that say our love is any less, or sick..."
"Holy shit, it's like Police Academy, only gayer."
Make him shut up!
They'il take the one shipin the hangar... and leave everyone else here to die.
Quit fucking around.
'Our commander Logros T'lan determined that we exterminate them.
Have we killed everyone who needs to be killed?
"- Danny, go get the bloody money!"
Even Mum says you're the fool!
You've been kicking my butt forthe last two days.
I met her. Psychotic.
"You haven't fucked her yet, huh? Have you?"
"I'm black, I got a criminal record."
"Alice, anyone that thinks that screwing is nice is confusing sex with sewing."
"I'll be back in 10 minutes, if you ain't sleeping, I'll show you Are you crazy?"
"What the hell did you hit, Cartman?!"
"Fuck, I'm dead! Give me the girl and I'll let you walk out of here."
"But only because you didn't call me that pig name. Okay, you got it, babe."
I don't know what's more pathetic... ...a man that plays chess with himself... ...or a man that doesn't see he's already lost.
Who wants their hair done by a slob?
I'm not gonna help you- - to kill an innocent man.
You realize you're out of your mind?
Would you kill a man that way?
"After all we've been through on this damn island, don't we deserve something good?"
Where are my goddamn cigarettes?
The establishment is rotten.
You know who uses guns like these? Whores!
"I loved him so much. It's pathetic, really."
I can't believe she'd kill herself.
So I know to go ahead and shut up about it.
You make a million a year while British boys die in France.
"Without Kick-Ass, none of us would be here."
Darren thought the sun shone out of your arsehole.
"Like, kill someone on purpose?"
It shows fucking progress.
He should have turned and beaten Connavar to his knees.
"""So this is the slut who is supposed to be able to play contract."
"When you go to one of those doctors... do you jerk yourself off, or does the doctor jerk you off?"
One little prick and she'll be a dream again. Only a dog's dream this time!
"But when I was you, I spent every waking moment poring over the shit I didn't fully understand."
But somehow I didn't think the good doctor gave a shit.
And I'm going to do everything I can to make your time here a fucking misery.
Can't tell her face from her behind.
"While that might not mean jack shit to you, it means a hell of a lot to me."
"Are you crazy? Okay, Clay, let's hear it."
To respect their desire to put you and buddies into an early grave!
I don't believe you give a damn about your country.
He was the best damn war gamer I ever played with.
They know they're gonna spend half their time dealing with a stupid bureaucracy.
That was the best fucking hamburger I ever had in my life.
Don't play fools.
I don't want to die like the other ministers. You fool!
Don't be stupid.
You could've fried yourself!
"I know. You went through a bad time. But I fucked up too, Deb."
I'm not a fucking NGO!
I told you it ends well. - Shit.
Keller had gotten his butt kicked for fooling around with somebody else's girlfriend.
You were just gonna cry poor and screw your family in a settlement?
"Get away from me, or I will have your family eating dog food out of a can."
And why would Jacobson kill Shanly unless he was a goddamn Union spy?
"I was with you on the whole conspiracy theory.... ...but seriously, this loser, a spy? I mean, come on."
"You said Τrue Blue was about a guy... A sensitive girl who meets a nice guy, but Like A Virgin was a metaphor for big dicks."
"I have an idea, but it requires a woman who is ruthless, immoral and utterly lacking in human sympathy."
"""You screwed up."""
"You're a fool if you miss a chance like that, sonny-boy, I thought, but he didn't miss it―just leaned toward her, took her other hand, and kissed her as nice as you please."
"God, you're morbid."
Whatever the fuck that means.
I'm sick of you shitting on us when you haven't come up with a thing yourself.
No shit! Quaid warily sat down and continued the procedure.
"Deaf, therefore dumb."
Let's get the fuck outta here.
They get shit wrong all the time.
Does that mean I can have salty food and sex again?
"No, I was trading sex for gas money."
"I made Jesse a pplate of barbecue so goddamn good, he made this baby for me free of fuckin' charge. Heh heh heh."
What the hell was that for?
Don't mess with your mother.
You'll never please your bride with that shrivelled worm of yours.
"(SUCKS) Strange. Every time I pull at Neil's ankles, flakes of crusty skin come off beneath my fingernails."
Now he is deaf Now he is dumb Now he is blind
“I have no idea what in hell you're talking about.”
My body is a movie... ...and your penis is the star!
"After we did the Abba show, Kevin had one of those - liposuction penis enlargements."
They already gave out blowjobs to a couple boys Napier was counting on to haul for him and convinced them to take the day off.
"Listen, I've seen 'em kill three people."
She's the first to die.
"That shit never gets old, right?"
I'll only end up hurting you.
What a dirty girl!
"Get off! Last time we met, you were breeding humans for experimentation."
"You destroy my home, destroy my work. Then rudely accuse me of being a jerk?!"
Stop being a wimp.
Bury them there.
I'm gonna bump you.
Is your father a gangster or something? ...ex-con?
Sorry I called you ugly.
"Damn Ryu Saeba, sleeping again!"
"A real fucking dame, that one."
"Your suggestions, sir, are patently absurd."
I hope he doesn't come back. That dog.
It's what we fucking live for.
I had sex with Mindy.
"Okay, James, let's execute him right here, right now, in front of his daughter."
You're a piece of meat and you're in the grinder.
Just hit me and get it over with.
"I've been home all night with my kids. I don't know who the fuck you are. """
"But Kurrelgyre’s remarks, and the apprehension of the bitch with regard to the conflict between the unicorn mare and the Lady Blue made him queasy."
Because I would gladly die in the service of the Pope of Rome.
Quit bitching.
"Come on, guys, that's really dirty."
I'm fucking starving.
It doesn't mean shit!
Shit! - When? How long?
"That the Bene Tleilax made them added to the aura of obscenity around a creature whose multimouths ground incessantly on almost any garbage, passing that garbage swiftly into excrement that not only smelled of the sty but was slimy."
A criminal!
And then we had sex.
"All I'm saying is, you fuckin' made it back, okay?"
Complete crushing blackness.
"We don't use the word ""nigger."""
Stupid. I twisted it.
Then why the hell did you drag us out here so early?
"Benjamin, how is it when you showed up, you were no bigger than a bollard with one foot in the grave."
Don't be a damn fool!
Then throwdirt on those bodies - keep the smell down.
'Bloody hellfire!' said the Archchancellor.
Your daddy used to do the same shit you're doing now.
Sitting here shooting me dirty looks as if I didn't already know you dislike me.
"This is it, the French biting and cheating."
"Hey, that's what makes it rape, right?"
Jake's become an embarrassment.
"‘You are a rascal,’ said Ruad."
"Sally, does this witch have a name?"
"But between the art and the charity and that evil bitch Sue, I was edged right out of your life."
I hope Paul gets some teeth in him.
"If all I gave a fuck about was the watch, I should've told you that."
"Fuck, that's my car."
"I'm gonna hit the head -- or the -- uh, the bathroom, or what-- whatever y'all call it in cooking school."
"All I want is to haul your ass off to jail, then later we'll get the rest of your firm, then we'll lock up your clients."
Damn near impossible to retrieve the parts that have already been sold.
Where the hell did that come from?
"What the hell, then?"
Only degenerates feel bad for themselves.
"But it is an operation, a military operation... and you don't know dick about that."
He'll never leave a rat without ruining his soul! Do it!
But considerin' he's the only white boy around here... and he's drivin'around in a pimped-out stutz... he shouldn't be that fuckin' hard to find.
"I've encouraged you to get out of this fucking dump and go back to school, to take charge of your life and find direction."
"We're trying to save you, damn it!"
I'd say he's one of the sillier versions of the character.
Might we burn her?
You're just a figment of my indigestion.
"Okay, just shut up!"
The camera's... Fuck.
At last the useless comedian was done.
"She estimated it would take him twenty minutes at the most to inform the block that Miss Lonelyhearts, as she'd heard he called her, was back in town—looking like shit, and accompanied by Quasimodo."
Don't you find me pathetic?
"According to sergeant Lopez's deposition, you give the best blowjob in Miami."
You about to have the wank of the century?
The freaking Blue Man Group is outside our house!
And everything her father stood for is gonna die.
That much I do fucking know.
' Sparhawk pulled out his sword and handed it to the fat man in the orange doublet.
Can you hit 'em with your rifle?
"I can't say shit, can I?"
They say she could lose her sex drive.
Put her on the ground!
It will ruin your already useless reputation.
"He makes me laugh, that devil."
She saw that he still held his other stump - the one that had touched the edifice - tight against his midriff.
"You just walk. You know, but if you committed a lifetime to each other and somebody walks, it's like open-fucking-heart surgery without the anesthesia."
"Yeah, I'm a big jerk, Scofield."
"Fuck it, you're too drunk."
"Oh, damn."
I guess calling your mom a whore is perfectly normal.
"That fun for you, Mr. Queer... have a man in your mouth not a mile from my house of worship?"
Did you fucking kill him!
Big director driving your pussy-ass Fiero with the Scooby-Doo seats!
"When I first met him, He was an even bigger loser than you."
How many more men will he kill?
And I've had my share of pussy.
"What's the matter, smart-ass, you don't know any fucking Shakespeare?"
The freak is on his way.
"I'm sorry, but I don't find it so new and exciting to discover that my whole life has been a damn movie."
When you watch this video... I'll probably be dead.
I was trash-talked by an orthodontist.
"Wow! When you tell her, she's gonna snap and want to get all up in your shit."
Tore out his throat.’
"But I do know this: if you keep crackingjokes and taking another drink and pretending that life is one big, stupid party, you will miss everything."
"He's stolen my jewels, and now he's going to ravish my body and he stinks, he really stinks!"
"Otherwise, take your conscience elsewhere... while we think about saving your ass."
There's a dozen time-traveling ninjas out to kill us.
Remember it's 90% mental. Okey-dokey.
"""Weren't we supposed to kill her pet dragons, sir?"" said another guard."
"That's the way it is my baby, your man is dead."
You liar. You told me he'd be in bed.
"Bill, don't be silly."
It's semen.
"If we had anything, Lucas, any hard evidence or even a fucking quote from a source that would go on record for us, that would be one thing."
Shut up and drink your tea.
And to work things out with this tough new son of a bitch boss of yours How whatever may have passed between us after hours... doesn't mean you can walk away from that commitment
I'll do the bomb before we go.
"Shit, I've had the hots for her since second grade."
"Only the dog was real, still barking its fool head off."
"Goddamn, life is good."
"Do you have a problem, asshole?"
And who knows what you screwed up?
You ... you killed me.
Just horseshit luck.
I think the whole thing sucks.
"""They had their orders, damn it!"""
I know you. You're that whiny peasant.
"What we have here, in this brown gunge, is peat."
"He kept telling me that his ex-wife was crazy, that she was just trying to scare us."
"Tomorrow evening at this hour, I shall give each of you, In front of your siblings, ten lashes of the cane."
His fucking shoes...he was looking like a beggar.
Why don't you get the fuck out of our country... ...and go back to camel-humping Saudi Arabia...
"'See you Monday,' and gave me a look so dirty I felt like throwing myself after him shouting, 'Shag me!"
"Now that I'm talking to you, I want to ditch the whole damn thing."
"He read my palm, and he told me I would be going below deck to have sex with him."
To keep him off my ass.
"Stupid manual reminds me of Linguistics professor had at Bangor, who was so immersed in finer points of language that could not speak without veering off into analysis of each individual word:"
"I think about what and who I love, and I think about them in danger, and I could tear this bloody house down with my teeth!"
It was the big fat ugly ginger sister.
There is masturbation.
You are one awkward dude.
That would suck.
"Well, the dirty cops prayed that their good deeds outweighed the kickbacks, pay-offs and bribes that paid for the kids' teeth and the wife's fancy shoes."
"Quit it now, luke."
I'm also a woman who's taken more than her fair share of shit from men.
How'd he get so fucking close to the ring?
"So, this morning, my consultant marches into my office and says the damndest thing."
For the whole damn war?
"No, Maximum Punishment was watching the damn thing."
"So, tell me, Snart. What the hell are you and your pyro friend gonna do without your fancy weapons?"
I couldn't stay without despising myself which is worse than despising you.
"Mama and Dadi's fight, followed by my angry walkout... and then listening to my stupid neighbor, Sweetu's stupid chatter"
We do one job and all of a sudden it's fucking all over the front pages? Who's talking?
This must have been what all those people felt like... ... before I filed them as statistics in my reports. Goddamn!
"But, when the colonel had demanded that Burton make a couplet based on his name, Burton had recited: Here lieth the body of Colonel Corsellis; The rest of the fellow, I fancy, in hell is."
"""Drank her blood like wine."""
I especially love fucking you in my ex-wife's marital bed.
That is the best cosmetic surgery in this family since Lois got her boob job.
The Navy will do its damnedest.
"I'll keep my mouth shut, if you admit that I'm your girlfriend."
Who in the hell told you you were a human being?
"This is a lovely children's carnival, goddamn it!"
I just spent an hour next to a nutjob with a live grenade.
Why are you making that face? - Shut up!
What's wrong with knocking yourself off in a maggot pile like this?
You were just sucking face with my very evil sister.
"Not MacArthur and not your Special Forces... or the Allies, or your whole goddamn empire!"
Did I puke on you?
"Don't know it, but I've heard it can be a real bitch."
...they understood all that it was me who was the rat.
"Okay, so husband kills a girl."
"A disgrace, a fucking disaster."
What the hell. Earth wants to throw around its money... ...who am I to say no?
He doesn't deserve the mercy of a quick death.
They'il rip his fucking face apart.
"Yeah, well, maybe I could have used a boot on my throat."
Not to creep into her cabin in the dark and shoot her while she was sleeping.
"It doesn't make youa terrible person, but it does make you A... well... a sucker."
They're sexual problems.
"Sorry, I'm a bit of an aficionado and this dog shit is the reason the genre gets no respect."
A good guy if not a little goofy..
'Cause I only killed two of them.
Useless and disappointing.
Smash our dozing western enemy.
At his father's fucking house?
"If I don't get some money soon, I'm gonna have to do a damn reality show."
"No, jerk, you don't get it."
"Jade, when you're 18, you can go to hell, for all I care."
"I’ve taken considerable trouble, Steve... to eradicate them from your life."
"We tossed his house, we found all kinds of shit: barbed wire, spikes..."
Forgive Megan's dad and his silly friend.
You are shitting me.
You're even more twisted than I thought.
Why don't you knock me down?
"""Damn right you should,"" she replied."
She's a damn good lawyer and I'm sure she can whip up some papers make that young man some money.
Did you just kill that girl in the Chez Ami?
"What I can do in my brain, it's every bit as deadly as Bill's fangs."
Now you crown your incompetence by planning to humiliate us all.
Women are a problem.
He's so obnoxious.
"Candy, don't be a fool!"
"Damn, men You really are all the same."
Wouldn't have mattered if you slayed an army of underFae.
She's gonna be drunk and stupid now.
"Now, if Sonya is that operative, it's only a matter of time before she stabs us in the back."
"Which is all rather silly, because any woman setting out to make a living by the sword isn't about to go around looking like something off the cover of the more advanced kind of lingerie catalogue for the specialised buyer."
What the hell did you say?
What sucks even more is that it was supposed to be me.
"And if you ever return, the next payment will be taken in blood."""
I don't want that-- - Slut. ...touching my baby.
"This psychiatry shit... apparently, what you're feelin' is not what you're feelin', and what you're not feelin' is your real agenda."
"Well, I can't, my phone's gone to shit!"
I'm ducking bullets.
"Well, I'll get your stupid paper, but you better show me... ..a little more appreciation, Mister Man!"
It's legal to beat them up now.
Why don't you and Effie Klinker just fuck off and leave me alone?
Don't look so miserable.
"I got a man who's fine, intelligent, successful, and gives it to me on a very, very regular basis, and the shit is the bomb!"
"If anyone saw the hole, we die."
(crying) It's not funny. It's pathetic.
"Pathetic, I know."
Here's to pretty women with filthy thoughts.
"If I need you, I’ll scream.”"
"All right, fuck it..let's go."
You prefer crooks.
Because of your bullshit attempt to escape... ...all of your fellow inmatesare being punished...
"If we're gonna send him somewhere it should be the most horrible, most miserable place on Earth."
"Yeah. Gross, huh?"
"Yeah, these new shifts are kicking my ass, too."
We're fucking cops.
Shit. Where'd he go?
These executions will be a perfect tonic for the entire division.
I ' ve heard too many stories of Jews and gypsies takng advantage.
Foamfollower told gay tales as if he wished to show that he had reached the end of a passing travail..
"Oh, shoot !"
"Yeah, but we said here and I couldn't call, because I left my stupid phone at home today."
The owner's trying to dick me out of some money.
"""I've made a fool of myself, Daneel."""
"Suddenly he regretted his decision, felt stupid for letting his emotions, his sympathies, get in the way of good judgment."
You got to die sometime. Might as well be here.
"I don't like balls that much, but we had to come, for the girls."
Maybe that's why I give a shit.
But neither Gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn Casterly Rock into your whorehouse.
"""So tell those grannies to get back there and slow down the black riders,' he shouted."
But I'm sick of caring for your sickness.
"""May God strike me dead with cancer if I ever do."""
They been humping and telling every bowlegged one of them... ... they'll pay $1000 to whoever... ... kills the two boys that cut up Delilah.
"But if you wanna save the world, then suck in your gut and stand at attention."
If it weren't for the damned interfering Governance — At first Panthos saw no rioters.
You think I belong to these cocksuckers?
Cheap shite.
"Cops around you cracking skulls, you got a picket sign in your hand, you're not thinking about stopping the war now, you're thinking about knocking a few pigs on their asses."
It'll blow over. People are just... everyone's crazy.
"Feel it, Troy. Throw it!"
"Jeez, even in zero gravity you're an assho -- ARCHER:"
I just saw your name. I'm stupid.
If they can't give us a proper job we'il take a blow job.
Better question -- Why the hell are you here?
I'm tired of this ridiculous machine.
"So stay at home next time, asshole."
It was a tiny domesticated Dachau; filthy and forlorn.
You look awful!
You want them to hang the man before we get there?
"We just called you ""dick."""
"You should take the job, you're a shitty carpenter."
"It's a big mess, but there's only like $50 worth of shit here."
You're doing your diarrhea dance.
"""Damn,"" Alistair McKeon said almost mildly."
Stab you in the back?
I'm Ron Burgundy. Damn!
"You really are kind of a freak, you know that?"
Give them some ammo to shoot me with?
He could even smell horse-shit.
Why do you make all this shit personal?
Just fuck off!
How in the hell did Kelsodeal with all this paperwork?
Get the hell out of here.
"How dare you, in this day and age, use such an idiotic..."
"I can't talk, and it's not because I'm stupid."
I'll attack them with the greatest force the world has ever seen.
"Oh, she was horrible, Cam."
When I get that feeling l need sexual healing.
How the hell did you get in here?
"You can fake your way through it, but what's the fucking point?"
Gilles de Rais was a wicked man.
It's a wonder God didn't strike him dead there and then.'
"Hold me for a second, then drop me, I'll kiss the ground."
He screwed us!
"The monstrous, soulless city!"
P-poisoning my children with your n-nicotine?
Jim Coaver will think that you're trying to tell Harry that he's behind the attacks. He'll want to kill her.
"Hey, asshole. Think clerical work in the army makes you a man?"
that our food is crap.
"Their fingers are sticky, and their tongues are always dry."
"Every cop in this city's looking for him, not to mention the fucking beaners. -The fucking Orientals."
"She had no fucking choice, man."
Give me your fuckin' badge.
"If it was my fucking head, it would've been all right... ...but it wasn't."
And for you Blunted... ...the balls.
"We need somebody who can catch the damn ball -- somebody with a nickname like ""Flash"" or ""Lightning."""
Two more traitors arrested and hung.
"Damn it, 'cause I was going to try that."
"Norman, do not screw with me."
"""He's carrying four huge goddamn melons—"""
"If they come, they'll burn, we'll build."
"The lawyer you turned me onto, I don't know what that motherfucker did, but whatever it was…"
"I told you, Khardjatou is a bully."
"Scram, before I wipe the street with you."
I hate you.
She slipped it under her tongue.
You mean you're staying until you kill that whale?
I think I'm going to go small boobs tonight.
"When that happens, I plan on being there for the kill.’"
Some Indian kid I mercy-fucked for U-turn.
What the hell kind of story are you pitching?
And where are my damn shoes?
What the fuck is wrong with you guys?
"If she were any more of a bitch, she'd have puppies."
Cut his face off like Red Indians.
And don't figure me for one of your little sissy boys. That's gonna put out for you. Whenever you ask.
- Fuckin' love this.
Child'is a knife in the throat.
"Oh, for being crazy like me?"
"What, you kill his dog or something?"
Ridiculous! She contacted us on your behalf.
"I have no trouble with Rob during the game. As far as... You know, if he wanted to be a lying, stealing cheat,"
"Oh, I'm such a dick. Okay. I'm gonna get us out of here."
"Maybe I should just say ""gal pal."" Oh, no, ""kissy friend."" Oh, ""buddy date""?"
"Man, you got the bitchinest car in the valley."
"But I forgive you, darling. And I know you're here, because I can smell your brains."
You are too screwed up for words.
"Abe, your brother's shooting police officers."
"Jerk, I'm in a hurry!"
"He, like, ruined my fucking life."
Give me a fucking break.
"Little monkey say other monkeys call little monkey ""runt."""
Don't let the door hit your ass on the way out.
I don't think the fuckwit knows what he's doing.
I want off this damn island already.
"So if I need to drag you outside by the throat, you're coming with me and you're going to finish!"
You've got to be shitting me.
"Your mother's trying to fix you up with some divorcé. Human rights barrister. Pretty nasty beast, apparently."
The fuck you ain't wake me up for?
I'm gonna go and put her down.
"Now don't run, because he'll only chase you down and kill you."
I was rolling my bones when you were sucking your mother's tittie.
My wife Rose is with the captain of the garbage scow that picked up the mystery lady. - Rose?
"No Spectre gunships, daylight instead of night... ...afternoon when they're all fucked up on khat... ...only part of the city Aidid can mount a counter-attack on short notice..."
I wasn't having sex with Jimmy Turelli.
Someone's ejaculated all over my food!
"No, he didn't give a shit."
What the hell you...?
He's nothing but a piece of stone with the head of a bird.
"You went through a bad time. But I fucked up too, Deb."
"Thrawn had been making a big deal about the stupid creatures for a couple of months now, though what use they could possibly be to the war effort he couldn't guess."
Is that the blond tart?
"Talget, stop fucking around!"
"Well, unless you can work up a little black magic... ...these little bastards have a multitude of tricks."
Just tell me when the fuck they gonna leave.
"Damn, he's good."
"As soon as you found out I wasn't going to fuck you, you started picking on me."
Most of the poor bastards could have walked away from that barrow.
"You wanted a big, fat Indian wedding, no?"
It's about bloody time.
"Darry, you're scaring the shit out of me!"
"Self-mutilating de-virginizer, eviscerated in the chapel."
You stink of the irrational.
"Let me make love to you, then I'll let you go."
So shut up and start shopping.
You'll fuck it up if you're too tense.
"That shit ain't funny, man. Come on, man."
"Nah. My boy, Potato Chip, told me that when he was down, they used to bring in dope by putting that shit inside birds."
How the hell did you know my name?
Just like the rest of the stupid Irish in this country.
"They set off a roadside bomb, when you stop your convoy, they shoot at you."
They don't fucking know.
Bus Boys will fuck anything that moves.
"Heard you weren't evil anymore, which kinda makes the hair silly."
Me sexing your mother.
Of killing my wife.
Course they're bloody waiting for us.
"It's not delicate, Basil. Don't be silly."
This dick a john? He's taking my money again.
You got screwed by a Swede?
Like they took their kids to Disneyland' watched Mickey Mouse... douse himself With gasoline and set himself on fire.
Did you forget all this shit was your idea?
How can the government bow down to such garbage with people watching?
It's all in the box. Shit!
Amy has wounds that are consistent with rape.
Did it look like that spear was gonna go right through your skull?
I guess now we're the losers.
It seemed to her that if she stood there a moment more listening to Elaine she would turn on her and strangle her.
"I've never seen anything so disgusting in all my life. You've let me down, boys."
Chick's nuts about you.
"Harry James, you sockcucker."
Ugly guys like to do that.
"Shoot, Mom. There's no cell phones in here."
"That was all bullshit,"" he said."
Drinking and smashing windows and shit like that?
What the hell is that?!
"Take off your fucking pants, or whatever you fucking call 'em."
"'For the asses' milk?' said Koomi, who was now totally lost in the desert."
She's not like anybody else I ever knew before... and that's a completely fucking new one on me.
Or the one about him looting wayside shrines and slaughtering the clerics.
Or is it fucked down?
He pulled down my underpants... and he shoved himself inside of me.
That chick is bonkers!
You're one of his ducks.
"""I guess we best return with you, then, or they'll skin you and use your hide for a flag."""
"if a guy fuckin` tripped over a banana peel, they'd bring me in for it."
Cos nobody wants you when you're old and gray
What the fuck's he saying?
"I was not in the mood to take shit from her, but it was clear she intended to spew."
Quiet and nasty.
Now you got a big fucking waste of time on your hands.
Bosch looked at himself and thought that his smile in the photograph was foolish.
I am an awesome surgeon. And I would've rocked your stupid little program so it is your loss.
"Sorry, fellas, that stupid cow scared the life out of me!"
"Okay. So who looks stupid now, eh?"
You just burn her like that?
"Felix, you're no good to me with a wrecked back."
"So all I got to do is get in there, get the guy alone and... shoot him with so much dead man's blood he'll think he's rushing a fraternity."
I got your damn stuff.
You almost got yourself killed.
"Dafu, give me the balls. We'll need them for a show."
Repaglinide is a short-acting oral secretagogue.
She's fucking with you.
Well smells rather a chicken ass .
"Shithead here watched Empire and Jedi last week... and ever since, he's been trying to do the Jedi mind trick."
The group used the Internet to call upon people to kill themselves.
"Oh, shit, man!"
"And you're not even throwing me over for a life that means something to you. It's just a stupid, hollow existence you think you should embrace because you're getting old or something, because it's the kind of life everyone else goes after."
"I was late, I ran out like a fool without even looking."
You're lousy cops.
I don't know who the fuck's going to take his place.
Yeah. Apparently she's responsible for starting this whole fucking thing.
I don't care how awful he is.
"Look, this is not my fucking fault."
Where the fuck do you get your information from?
I just watch it for the naked women having sex.
We lock `em and kick `em in the ass until they come up with solutions.
Your mom's had dinner on the table for ten goddamn minutes!
"We, the jury, find the defendant Selma Jezkova guilty of murder in the first degree and hereby sentence her to death."
"Dammit, it didn't matter if he overslept, it wasn't like he would be late for an exam, here."
You lose yourself so you don't have to stay here and deal with the reality of a decimated fucking family.
One man is a waste of ammo.
You fucking said you wouldn't tell.
"But fools who raise their hand against the Intoccabile, even the Lord will surely forsake."
"You're gonna laugh, but I actually-- Shit."
You managed to come all the way up here and not do one damn bit of police work!
And our friend Tom Michaels grabs him at seven. Shit!
Reycraft is a weirdo.
"Dude, you're drunker than I am."
"You see, this is how crazy Batman's made Gotham."
My butt. It really hurts.
"Shut up! Agnes, did you win your game today?"
Spread my big gay wings?
Borderline criminal.
"For $250, I would fight your wife."
"*Just some sex for the weekend... Man: I'm telling you, girl, the manager's gonna fiire you."
The deal was anniversary sex under the stars.
"Protecting sources, even kiddie porn scum, is the magazine policy... and mine."
Our job is to hate that guy.
"He told his father all about it, about seeing her in the mall, about her kissing that jock jerk, about seeing her in the hall."
You were one of those men that crazy serial killer took hostage.
"His slim, black, tortured body lay quite still in the chair."
"Mm. God damn it! Anyway, I doubt the robot has any bourbon, and I'm not really in the mood for a WD-40 and coke."
You've got to explode it.
Treat him for the burns.
"I kill, of course. But always with a smile."
"Hagrid's miserable face broke into a wide, watery smile."
"""I am not weak and foolish like the elven king."
"Sure, now you wanna blame your fuckin' license on me. - No, Nicky."
You wanna go off and live with a bunch of cock-swinging commandos for three months...
I never met such an awful child as her.
"First of all, a female football coach, like a male nurse-- sin against nature."
I'll fix the blood rig. They're fucking in a motel room.
"It's not very pretty looking, but it's cozy as a bitch."
Vasquez has to be crazy to deal Hidden in their own cartel.
"I´m a killer myself, but l haven´t killed as many as you because of my youth."
"Are you gonna slap me again, kick me out of the house?"
I turn his eyes black.
So the only evidence we got from the car that Skinner stole is a friggin' leaf?
I made you a goddamn hero today.
It's got me locked up in a hospital room in Georgia with a buttermouth little pissant doctor who doesn't know shit from Shinola.
"I've met ranchers, outlaws, stock detectives who thought they was mental wizards like yourself."
Well it turns out those dead guys from the warehouse had some bad motherfuckers for friends and they think we did that shit.
"And if you die in this war, me I will keep your videos your camera and your girlfriend's telephone."
You're dressed like a shrub.
"I'm fucking sick of it, do you hear me?"
I am the prince and the fool and the agony!
I don't give a shit about Kim de Boer.
"Well, that's what you do when you put a stake in their heart or cut their heads off."
"I do not know what you run, but come the hell here."
Men are impossible to deal with!
"You just take care of that meatball, sir, and leave the freaking out to me."
"Married to terrorist tactics, religious extremists, with their unlimited goals, present a real danger to the world."
Bangkok will be wiped off the face of Thailand.
"What's wrong, Mr Charles? You're all bloody."
"I can fuckin' talk, can't I?"
"She was fool enough to love him, and he loved what he stood to gain by his alliance."
He must be crazy.
"You had the nerve to call it that, a fucking ""chat""."
"Eat shit, Joey."
And then she'd punch me.
"He's responsible for bringing in these ruffians, and for all the evil they have done.'"
Where is this jerk?
And someone who's gonna call you on your crap.
"Your honey, she left a few hours ago. Fuck."
They tortured him and made him a junkie.
And on top of everything else the young rats were spending too much time worrying about things.
I'm not playing the fucking victim.
"So why the hell did you bring me down here, Sammy?"
Shit. I'm not your employee.
To kill is like cutting your toenails.
I want to help you find that shark. Goddamn it.
What the fuck does it matter?!
"Drop the gun, stupid!"
"I mean, I hate men, but, you know."
I don't think gay couples who'd just like to move the fuck on with their lives are as choosy about that discussion.
Throw stones or something! Stab them with laundry poles!
It was finish the mission or die.
I just wanted to kill it.
"If his asshole is dirty, prepare a bowl of chlorine."
They're sluts anyway.
The pain throbbed in his legs and made a deep steel circlet around his crotch.
I was going there... to die with the other guys.
"All die, Nixar."
"Oh, give your lungs a fucking break."
You talked to me proper disgusting.
I know all about your mental problems and violent background.
I want to scare the shit out of somebody. Sure.
We want to evade those stupid people ... just run to top of the hill but I came here to avoid them
"And listen, anybody gives you shit, you come find me."
You're horny enough as it is.
All big bang whores.
"And then after the movies, the four of us can grab some drinks, get shit-faced and take our tops off!"
It's the only thing keeping everyone from killing me.
That mother fucker's starting to look a little seedy Jim.
I'll figure this shit out.
"It'il take sunlight, decapitation, or a stake through the heart."
You knoW I'm gonna eat you up in front of everybody.
"Hey, Bob, you know your thing with the big fuck off stars and the billions of people and that?"
You're a fragile old woman.
"You nearly chopped off my head with Glamdring, and Thorin Was stabbing here there and everywhere with Orcrist."
He's my lucky troll and you are not...
"I don't know what you call that junk out there, but it sure wasn't football."
I've booked you in for the usual soapy tit wank farewell at Number Ten in 20 minutes.
"The water's for showering, not for playing! ... so why was she such a nag?"
"Judgin' by how you was hittin' them balls, I figured that's where I'd be out of harm's way."
"She sits on your bed, you're a goner."
What's with this fucking music?
I've no fucking idea.
You know this nigga?
Either Axl had turned into a gay math whiz... Or Morgan was back.
"Shit! - Oh, my God!"
I want to put you by the seashore and grow old in you.
"""Sorry, that stupid phrase has been running around and around in my head, and it just popped out."""
Fifty bucks to whichever of you steps up and treats this brat.
"Put it down, or I swear to god I’il pull the trigger."
You make a call and ask her if it's alright to grow hair from her butt.
"Are you shitting me? Fellner, Buddy and their gang left for Houston this morning."
My short-term memory... is screwed up.
I was right next to Mark Finstein... and the-the guy shot him in the freaking skull.
Loser has to find a new place.
"It was a cock-up, Nigel."
"Is that what you call rationing, taping a fucking sheet of plastic around a poor guy's head?"
You wanna go to the fucking service or fucking not?
"""Let me go, let me go, curse you!"" the thrashing Gnome cried venomously."
I know... I know it is your perfect right to damn me.
It's not just rubbish.
"He reached for his goggles and tried to hold them in his hand as he ran, then realized that running was probably a stupid thing to do."
These women have fingers... with the same sensitivities as their legs.
"Yes, but Sulked... sulking A bloody mess."
"They were brainless things, and within the course of two or three minutes they had forgotten all about the barking interloper and were sleeping again, hung from their heels with their wings wrapped around their ratty little bodies like the shawls of old women."
I knew that bitch was lying.
You've got the balls to steal from me?!
"Shoot the driver, stop the car."
"And he had to get the fool cat back down, too-but thinking of Mignue had reminded him of Moonflower, and that put mist in his eyes."
"The ass is fine, It is sittin' on $100 million,"
Fresh kill.
You fucked me!
"They shouldn't even Call it insurance. They should just call it ""in case shit""."
Not afraid of sex.
Too bad his brains are in his biceps.
"Christ, you're so pale."
"20 years ago, when I was fucking 12, taking swings at big men."
I'm gonna pay you... $50 to never show us your penis.
Why don't you buy your cane at a medical supply store like a normal cripple? Fewer bitching choices.
Don't come with your bullshit and your touching.
"It's root, slash, period, 'workspace', slash, period, 'garbage', period."
"I will bring shame to them, disgrace."
"Sorry, moron."
"You're going to take the bullets to Mr. Scaramanga, because, if he doesn't get them, he may not show up at the Bottoms Up."
Only to be brought down by a damn paper cut.
And what would brave Solonius do in my fucking position?!
You go back and tell Don Armeteo: No renegotiating. Fuck that.
"We are alien to each other, and their virtues are even more repugnant to my taste than their falsehoods and false dice."
I don't screw every pathetic guy that gives me a letter.
"And now, the media's shoveling shit on our badges… over the shooting that took place there."
"If he shows up there he's dead, and you know it."
I already got him to eat his vegetables and make pee-pee in the toilet.
"Oh, fuck, Scotty, that is good news."
This is just the kind of behaviour I should expect... ...from a guy who's dating his own damn sister.
Don't fucking look at me.
You know you belong in a mental institute.
"""it's that accursed boy!"" and turning about I pushed the waiter aside--he was just bring me some more toast--and rushed violently out of the room and down and out upon the queer little esplanade in front of the hotel."
You would know. You have experience dating an ugly animal.
Then you're kind of like a slave.
"With bright knives the clansmen moved in among them, killing them as they slept."
"Trust me, Lisa did you a favor by jacking your baby. Yeah."
"In which case, I am sure I can rely upon you to execute the Bull."
"So, rap or trance - you don't understand shit."
"Shit, I feel bad."
"Yo, Caz, this your man and all. I don't give a fuck how many guns I've seen him hold."
Mr. Duffy got it now in his fat little hands.
Shut up. I didn't say anything.
"Sleep tight, brother. Fuck."
"""But, dammit, Jesse, we have no assurance the two viruses and the serum will interact the same way in the human body."""
"His car is there, but the pussycat is not in the vehicle."
Tell him I hate his guts.
"I'm sick of listening to you. Hey, don't talk to your dad like that,"
A tremen dous telepathic FOOLS! made them all flinch.
Men don't really like oral sex.
It'd be great if wars were fought just by the assholes who started them.
"If you make one more mistake, Both you and that bastard will be done for."
The military promised... ...and now they are welshingon that damn compact.
'Shit!' said Jordan.
I'm not fuckin' with you!
Don't be so childish.
I've heard about bikers and their hogs.
It's okay if you want guys to start running their dicks through the dishwasher after they bone you.
"Tole me I was a slave agin, Cap'n Marsh, and when I shows him my freedom papers he done rip 'em up an' burn em."
"You know, that kind of go Hurry up because I want to go smoke weed with that dishy Indian guy."
Waving the fucking gun around?
You are no longer needed slave!
"Did my little Fergus make a... ...big, grownup ogre stink?!"
"What the hell are we gonna do? All right, you got to stay out of sight."
Mind your own fucking business.
Why you think my fly-ass girl ain't with you?
Brutus and Cassius and Casca and the whole damn lot of them.
Why wouldn't you just take him to the fucking hospital?
How many people get to say whatever they want to Jason fucking Voorhees?
Why would you send that jerkoff the script?
Jammed!
"Come on, shut up, I can not remember, that just my cousin Cuco has suggested a cursilada."
Which is perfect for deviant sex acts.
"Yes, and I only want to fuck you."
"""Yes!"" -... Sorry, you will not have sex?"
The wife thinks I'm fucking the gardener.
Be like a fucking atom bomb went off.
Bloody insane.
The guy who bought the house has fangs.
Don't fucking move.
I went to a bloody school.
What a pair of wretched creatures.
"Give me the scanner, so we can find out what the fuck's goin' on!"
Thought he killed his bloody father.
My dad's gonna cut me off.
The firing key from around your neck.
"You've got until 6 p.m. to execute them, or I execute her."
"""God-damn him."""
"What you playing at? - Piss off, Paki!"
Do you want to see the baby first or a punch in the face?
Sorry my secretary must have stepped out. Smart ass.
Oh my fucking God! What have you done?
Open this door or I'll blow it to shit!
What kind of fucking question to ask him?
"Shit, still an hour queue. - That's nothing."
You can't die on me.
Or even worse he would have been raised by two miserable parents
Sorry. Next time I'm getting my own damn room.
Then he ejaculated over my back
I call him a cheater!
What the hellare you doing to me?
I don't want his dead bribe money.
"What the fuck, Stu?"
"I can't do this, I can't take this shit."
"And as for all this shit, this was all Ashley's idea."
Fuck me!
Don't say a word against my father - Weak!
You won't get to hang me.
Or I die.
Hang her in front of a mob The same as they do to a man?
So shut it!
Is the Committee crazy?
"So you went after her, pushed her against a wall and screwed her."
You are evil.
"Damn fools. They paid $5,000 apiece toward the sheriff's re-election."
"Eddie took a final look at the tall, rather stooped man standing with his narrow ass propped against the counter."
"But if he's trying to be the butcher of kingsbury run, why didn't he cut up and mutilate the victims like the real guy?"
"Now, we just can't stop now, goddamn it, and wait for it."
How long have you been fucking doing this?
"Next he wished that he could pick ten pockets without being discovered, but that turned out to be stupid and a bore because it was so easy."
Uneven breasts!
Get off him!
"I swear to God, don't fuck with me."
You'il be gone out of my head.
"Five trillion dollars. One third comes from hard work, two thirds from inheritance, interest on interest accumulating to widows and idiot sons, and what I do: stock and real-estate speculation."
You're a liar!
"I will hunt you, and I will find you."
Just the word of one nut-job meth-head against Mr. Rogers-Has-A-Lung-Tumor.
Stop your nonsense.
"Fuck! Smoke exiting building, fourth floor."
"Even if I did know, I wouldn't tell a pissant like you."
"To protect humanity, some humans must be sacrificed."
Who are you... and you and you to break into my house with your angry faces and evil minds?
I suppose you're wondering why he hasn't taken his head shot.
"Oh, you want to go back downtown and tell your little rich-ass friends what it's like to slum with us?"
Give them a bloody shovel.
They don't like the name Balboni around here? We will move the whole fucking movie over to Mississippi.
"""Hell."""
Get in the damn car.
Nasty.
Maybe he planned on murdering those two stock thieves so they wouldn't inform against him.
"I stayed strapped down, and concentrated on being miserable."
Wanna try it? - Shit.
"I'll knock one down, and you two take him prisoner."
It's not bad to have sex with him or anything.
"Johnny tells me you're thinking about doing a Western, of all goddamn things."
I didn't even know if she was straight of if she was gay.
"You know, I'm truly astounded at the incompetence of all of you."
"She kills herself, no?"
They'll tear us to shreds.
You tried to kill Laura Möilberg.
"Perhaps burglars just weren't patient, he thought, or maybe just dumb - or smarter than he was being at the moment, Kelly told himself, using both hands to strip the caulking away."
"""If you want to put it in that ridiculous way,"" said Gladia, displeased."
"Damn it, I don't know what to do."
Where do you get this shit?
You look like you just crawled out of a sewer.
"A girl like you, for the rest of your life you wanna cry in your noodle soup?"
Looks like I fuckin' swallowed a basketball.
Damn icer. My head's killing me.
It probably would have been okay for Chester to just Fedex the fucking documents straight to the jail.
"I don't know why I'm thinking of this, but remember that time that I got you a fucking Taco Bell gift certificate for, like, 20 bucks, and I bet you that you couldn't eat all of that in one sitting."
Keep on lying like that. You're liable to get struck by lightning again.
"And he could put that cocksucker away, too. 100% pure natural skill."
You're pushing sixty and you look like hell.
David came in with all this advantage and then blaming his mom-- absolutely ridiculous.
Go home before Kevin gets home and fires your ass.
"Jesus, they're like a bunch of damn children, you know?"
"God damn it, that we're... we're still breathing."
Max shut up.
"If they could hang us for thinking, we’d all be pushing up daisies."
The Jamaican fellow is dead Kiss killed him
I'm very excited about fucking you right now.
Holy shit. Be careful with that.
"Swear to God, Lana better be dead on a slab... or begging for mercy over a vat of acid... or a shark tank or... - Drinking champagne in a bikini?"
"You were going to die in that fire, Hayley, along with my brother's child."
They rip him apart.
"I think Stan killed this girl. Willy, that asshole, shot the little boy. The third one's missing."
I had a premonitionl was gonna fuck up on my first day.
"Yes, that monster"
How the fuck should I know?
Shit! I was trying to think what I was going to do about it and she starts moving again!
"Okay, so he's a criminal, he deserves to go to prison."
Gross... ...drain hair.
The specimen is useless.
They made sucky chili.
Moore: Or these annoying feminists whining about their Equal Rights Amendment.
"That's why they acted so funny after we saved her, because they want her dead."
So how many rooms am I checked into in this shit hole?
The one shows you killing these people?
"Michael Shaw-- he's quite a con man, isn't he?"
This baby sucks!
Ladies and gentlemen... ...this painting is a forgery. She's a liar!
"The Panthers, Neal, they don't stop looking for rats until they're dead."
Knock their murdering smiles right off their faces.
Still doesn't explain why he wanted to kill me.
Little grab-ass under the mistletoe?
"Nigger, is you an old man or is you an old woman?"
Sloth is the curse of the aristocracy.
"I told them you do a great English accent, particularly with a cock down your throat."
He will be put back in his tiny cage with 10 other dogs who will bully and rape him until he's eventually euthanized.
I don't know what the fuck people be doin' here while they gamblin'.
And she was right—this was some devilment of those hags.
Probably has dirty pictures of his wife.
I'll give you 18% of my foot in your ass.
I did that kind of baloney for two years.
"Are you nuts? Spock, you can't do that."
I know he fucking knows something.
That's what sucking at life looks like.
It's been hard to watch everything that you guys do and you touch turn to gold and everything I do fucking backfire.
"""My god damned eyes hurt."""
Let them Lonkie Miss Reed to return where they can eat pussy and granola.
"You're my friend, and I let you suck me down this rabbit hole."
"""I didn't do shit, Andy, but you handled this pretty damned well,"" Ryan said, taking his hand."
You hoodlums don't own the streets.
Have you ever tried arguing with a Dutch bitch?
Go the fuck home.
"Cop or not, I still own your ass."
"Jesus Christ, that's fucking creepy."
"Damn it, KK. I'm thinking, you know, KK's smacking me in my head to wake me up."
The devil lives in this house.
Your moms was all worried and shit?
Lick me to death?
What the hell was all that about?
How bloody dare he?
"So take these clothes, put them on and get the fuck out of here."
She's going to be drunk and stupid now.
He will put out that in the face like everything else.
No. I'd say he was killed here.
"Yeah, no shit. Sibling rivalry, Jim."
And then she struck me with a pistol.
"He wanted a shot very badly, but not down here."
This was ridiculous.
"Tell me the truth, goddamn it."
"Killing poor, innocent people."
What in the hell gives you the right to look at me that way?
Because the alternative is... you really are as miserable as you seem to be.
Are you ready to die in a cleansing ramming?
"Why should the conclave kill me?"""
"If you thought old man Primo could twist your shit up, wait till you see what I'm about to do here."
"Besides your job, what else makes you miserable?"
"I've seen some weird shit over the last few weeks, but this..."
"Hey, you, bull-face, get off the car."
"You expect me to leave my kids with strangers, knock on doors... ...get these people to trust you,and you're screwing me!"
All our crap still in boxes.
"Ray Donovan? You're a real pisser, too."
"Look, Mom, Daddy! Shit!"
I don't wanna hear some fucking Sunny Jim knock off.
"Damn, you gotta see."
It was the worst vampire name I'd ever heard.
It's the armpit of the West.
You're going to slaughter innocent people.
How did this blob of crap...? No offense Meet this lola senorita
sex scenes pamela anderson sex video xxx jonas brothers basshunter kama sutra nude akon sexy girls amnesia ibiza wwe bb8 big brother hentai enrique iglesias power rangers mistic forse hanah montana orgasm 2girls1cup linkin park
"My God, you're a wicked woman! And I've told you a million times, I wouldn't conceive with anyone else."
Coaxes riley into the basement where he sexually assaults him.
"Dad, shut it."
"Oh, shit! What are you doing here?"
"And all the other stupid beliefs and superstitions, that cleanliness could kill, open windows could kill, water could kill and encourage flux or bring in the plague, that lice and fleas and flies and dirt and disease were God's punishments for sins on earth."
I was a fat baby.
Are you out your damn mind?
"But, damn it, how about his attempt to rescue Flanders and Bryce?"""
"Open up, dog!"
"Oh, I'll be insane about you."
"I know fucking well we live in a society of laws-- Sal, you are gonna help us build a case against Tony Soprano."
"Let's put him in a pot,"
Calvin wouldn't give me a chair if I couldn't cut heads.
"Only the panties aren't mine, you pervert!"
And trough the mirror he sucks up his victims.
"Wedge, I've lost my gunner. You'll have to make this shot."
Either I'm gonna hear you say that you're in with us... ...or I'm gonna hear a bullet come outta that gun and go into me.
"When I say ""now,"" hit him with the light."
Don't give in to anything don't go along with anything or you'll die!
"Sure, I'll text forJoy. Maybe if she comes out of hiding, the bad guys'll kill her."
"A Short Dictionary of Misunderstood Words (concluded) THE OLD CHURCH IN AMSTERDAM There are houses running along one side of the street, and behind the large ground-floor shop-front windows all the whores have little rooms and plushly pillowed armchairs in which they sit up close to the glass wearing bras and panties."
My senile bloody auntie could.
This is a toughie because they're both drunk as hell.
It's not your dick!
Every man's a king and every king's a clown
He was all black and white and shaggy.
"You can bite me, old lady."
That was one big fucking fat ese.
"The fuck, tell me, what is this all."
With those stupid uniforms?
"I look down... and there's two guys goin', ""I'm... We're gonna punch you."" So they're punchin' up at me..."
He shut the hell up.
So who the F would wanna watch us fuck?
"When I met him in Rábida prison, he was king of the damn place."
"You pay the balls, you pay the balls next month."
You've got a hickey on your neck.
You think you can humiliate me?! You piece of filth!
liked to keep their bedroom curtains open when they had sex.
"It looks like the Wizard of Oz’s semen, he thought."
"‘Useless Skins,’ said Shakul."
Britta told me she had a sex dream about you.
"Do you really think I'd let you run around, knowing what you know... ...and leave you free to kill me?"
"Caleb, I swear to God, get rid of that thing now or don't let the door hit you in the ass in the way out."
The fuck is that?
"If that wasn't Michael Myers burning up in that car, then a lot of other kids are gonna be slaughtered tonight."
No white. He cannot shoot white background.
Give them one of them things that they buy for themselves when they're trying to take their minds off of how badly they're getting fucked by the system...!
"What we're saying is, that piece of shit stuck in your trousers would do more damage if you fed it to him."
"Now that he's gone, he's left me with fucking nothing. You owe me now."
"Oh, gosh, I'm being told it's time to shut up."
We've removed a bullet from her head.
"""You tell me there are times when things want to burst out of you--blow your head apart."""
"They were seeing it all, the truth, the filthy, gaping truth."
No sex for you as long as you're a Pistons fan.
We gotta sedate her.
"You are a readin' fool, aren't you, Mr. Dorr?"
Let's fucking do it.
"But unfortunately, they don't stock hookers at the 99-cent store."
They made the friggin' things outa paper!
But weren't you horrid with him?
Big-ass...
It sure ate a lot of cow shit.
"Okay, and so are you, if you're dead."
I forgot how much dating sucks.
Do уou believe in this heaven shit?
"""Oh, shut up!"""
"You cant stay in this house, Peter. It drive you crazy."
Bribes... for official monkeys like you.
"So this is the, um, quantum alternate universe? Shut up."
He made us watch all those people die!
Adulterous rogue.
Gwen says smoking marijuana lowers your sperm.
"'My dear tender little fools,' hissed Grishnákh, 'everything you have, and everything you know, will be got out of you in due time: everything!"
"""Here, have a big gun and shut up. "" Thats their comment..."
Stalin was the road hog of the Revolution!
Provocateur.
"I was so fucking hammered, I don't remember anything."
And teach then a bloody lesson!
These attacks are proof of the enemy's pathetic nature.
"First half of the summer, you play like straight trash, then, bam, you're back to the old Luke."
I can't wait for the day when your contract finally expires... and we can kick your ass out that door.
"I'm not a fucking killer, man!"
"If I'm being honest, she looked like shit. Mm."
"Put aside your differences... ...and find this madman,whoever he is, and stop him."
What the fuck do you care?
"I put the word out to all of my contacts, and I'll tell you this-- with what I pay these people, if she walks through a hotel lobby, a car rental agency, a bus, a train station, I'm gonna hear about that shit."
"Before you came round today, I'd had sex with another man."
"Look... ...l tried to do your mama a favor, you booger."
"Put the dog outside, man! Let that dog shit."
So I killed her? Please.
All children are hideous at age eight.
"Hey, greetings gay doctor roommate!"
What a fucking waste of time.
"We get it. You know I've heard a lot of crappy pitches in my time, but I've never seen anyone bring in an actual bucket of feces."
"""Yes."" Well, that sucks, because, you know, I thought you would..."
"Who the hell is my werewolf, Bud?"
Someone set my trash can on fire last night.
Your hag is fightin' for her verra soul!
Kick him!
"But I am the head of casting, Erik... and I am here to help Showtime do what it does best... and that is entertain the shit out of its audience."
"And don't let this flyer thing fuck with your mind, all right?"
"Yeah, but if I need a pen, you're shit out of luck."
"Shit, I got a state senator, he's trying to label Satanic graffiti as a hate crime."
Fucking real crazy.
A soft-nosed bullet is fired at point-blank range.
"Don't take all night killing the farmer, though - or amusing yourself with his women."
What did this cursed barbarian tell us–the essence of their war strategy?
"Take the tape off your eyes and shit out of your throat, and wake up. ...is if we suddenly stopped the procedure."
"Neither is ""motherfucker."""
We just had our asses chewed off by a bunch of guys who don't even have their own teeth anymore.
I've thought of them so often around her bonny neck.
"(CHUCKLING) - Well, you're 55 years late, and you're uglier than I thought you'd be."
"I hate you so much, I think I'm going to die from it."
Why ain't you at the polls? I'm making sure this rat don't turn those rats loose.
I am a shi... shield for bullets.
So your entire basis for judging him mentally unbalanced is his wish to commit suicide.
"So, uh... What kinda shit was he talking?"
"And then you take, like, J. Lo, and it's like that shit's been remixed so much,"
Most of them are sick and dying.
You're a devil for work not bad after a whole day hop-picking!
It was York who was the dirty cop.
"""Maybe,"" said Illyan after a very long while, ""generations of fishermen have culled this population of all fish stupid enough to bite hooks."""
No need to add fucking a stripper to that list.
"""Shit!"
He's not fighting a fuckin' dog!
It's like a fucking virus.
Select that 100 and then require the others to kill them.
I'll choke you to...
"I don't know what car wash you worked before you came here that let you stroll in 20 minutes late, but it wasn't owned by me, and I own a fucking car wash."
And hence save nazi officers
And he didn't want to look at her face while he was killing her.
"When it's broken,all the needles will stab his body"
. . .and forget the whole damn business.
"So saying, he offered the poor Negro a few handfuls of shell-fish, which was indeed wretched and insufficient food."
"If he really is a human, he must have the most pitiful body that a human can possible have."
The slow death of your son will be an example to all men.
The sucker looked much better now.
"""Pussy Cat, sometimes you make me nervous."""
"Dad, can kill dragons."
You'll catch your death of cold.
"What do you think this is, an underground sex club?"
"I have music for dipsomaniacs, and music for melancholiacs, and music for hypochondriacs."
'Fuck.'
"Damn it, I'm an American!"
Poor bastard fellin love with a uniform junkie.
"I threw off that spell, thanks only to my willpower - the same willpower that allowed me to survive long enough in this mad wilderness to be found by that pathetic kender."
I'm sick of you all!
I wanna get wonky off my face too.
"Yeah, I wanna touch 'em."
"He paused, then added in a mournful voice: 'You are crazy, boss.'"
"Pussy, Booty, I don't know his last name!"
"Shut up, man."
I bet you she's up for all sorts of weird shit.
"All right, well, if I'm a fool, then you are, too."
So Wade won't be bothering me for sex tonight.
You wanna have sex?
"There was all this junk around us, everyone trying to make us enemies."
"Hell, you were shooting at me in Mexico."
"Dude, where the fuck have you been?"
I ain't bringing any more of my guys here to get killed.
"Master, I need the scalpel."
This idea made Rosie cross her arms over her breasts and hug herself.
I wanna be with the fucking Oompa Loompas like this!
Concezio worshipped the Old Man like some kind of fucking Mafia oracle.
"You understand what this means, Jack? We're asking you to sacrifice yourself so we can eliminate Assad."
Just tell me when the fuck they gonna leave.
It is ridiculous to share your life immediately to another man while you think.
"Might have been nice to have a drink on a Saturday night at the end of my road, with a couple of dicks."
"Actually, you know, it is my damn business, because whatever it is you're selling... is killing half a dozen sailors in a California hospital, which is why I'm gonna arrest you."
Why do people have to be so ugly?
I dislike almost everyone.
But if Gantz dies all of us die.
I'm gonna punch you in the ovary.
"Don't ask me how. Probably suck the blood Of virgins, Eh?"
"You know, I've spent almost every night of my life dreaming about this kind of shit."
I told you he was dumb.
"Hold on. Shit, I'll call you back."
"Get back!, Colombian drug lords."
That means your medals and your citations... won't mean jack shit when they come afte ryou.
Saudi accountants tend to be sloppy.
Cut 'em!
You're dead.
Why the hell did they leave?
That Grace wouldn't be dead if you hadn't been fucking over Matty and every other boy who came by.
"Oh, Phillip, that's ridiculous."
I ain't that dumb.
Get in the fucking car!
You have a right to protect your own property from the ravages of a lunatic.
Catholic nuns bury their babies in the backs of convent gardens.
He's a squatter.
Do you need him in order to get an erection?
"而且我希望 当回忆逐渐淡忘 And I hope, as her memory fades, 玲玲记得林梅不过是因为她 Ling will only remember Mei Lin for what she was... 是个淫妇 a whore."
"I fucking looked after you, Kelly."
"She's a very close friend of your boss, And if he knows you're not gay, forget about work."
So we didn't whip Frannie's Icky ass like we wanted to.
"They kicked my ass, until I told them all about South Harmon."
"All right, let's not make me regret fucking you."
We never could get the damn bridge to work... ...but this baby works just fine.
I've got fucking holes in my legs!
Do you know that the people who act that way with food are the rudest?
"She's delightful, and not stupid."
She didn't want to run and let the bastard get away.
A fool?
Says he got close enough to smell the stink of many white men.
"It was a Saturday and it was raining like a bastard out, and I was over at her house, on the porch--they had this big screened-in porch."
To destroy you all!
Jay. What the hell happened to you?
"This guy actually thinks that you run outta cum but if you drink milk your body goes, ""Oh dude that's perfect! Just send that right through"""
"In New York City, a guy could pay $1 0 to watch two cops have sex in a cage."
What's up with that cannibal of yours?
"I could almost respect a man who had the balls to confront me, tell me, ""Yeah, I'm banging your wife."""
"He'll take you home and bring you back to my castle, should your daughters prove too cowardly to ride him in your place."
"It's not slapping me round the cheeks and putting its tongue down my throat, like Alison's sea-bass."
"Oh, wait, I still have to throw you off the top of a building."
"Go on, use the dog face. This gonna be beatiful. You know, beg."
Do not do any foolish act.
You'd think a guy who got his ass kicked every day wouldn't leave his house in tights... you would think.
"Damn, that's very effective."
"All right, look, Syd, there's some shit you need to know."
"""If the Church was not dumb, it will be found not dumb in the books."""
He is a menace to society!
"""You've only been set free,"" his voice then breaking on the last word, his face brushing forward a moment into a cage of hands, then uncaging again for a try at her own gay waltztime gallows laugh."
"She's about ten, and was born of an imbecile woman living at Kidlington, which is a village away in the woods to the north."
Does not care if we should die.
"Knock them dead there, Drama."
"Don't lie to me, you small potato."
"You like that. To grab your pussy like that, don't you?"
You masturbate?
"She started whispering, telling Joan in blunt detail what this ancient Grecian Lesbian was about to do to the virgin helpless in her arms."
"Well, gimme my damn candy bar."
"In this business, you only fuck up once with the Yakuza."
No! \xDDnuyasha isn't aware of the existence of that white demon!
and you can just fall in love with somebody who you're just having casual sex with.
"Haven't you fucked up enough, Elvis?"
"Yeah, poor messed-up sod."
Huh? You think you can do this shit?
What man... would take the woman of a priest? Men are stupid.
"Maybe that's a load of crap, and I'm hiding behind it."
How pathetic is that?
"The high-school jerk who fell for the beautiful, sarcastic girl who hated clowns?"
"""Stupid? Bonzo's strategy won a couple of key games.”"
"I don't know, why you wanna sit through all those zombies eating people, ...and no hot guys kissing anybody. It's gross."
Jerk my come-crayon and let me color you white.
"""You can't run this damned ad, Teddy;"" he said."
Learn fast! Fuck.
"If we couldn't, we'd all certainly go mad and kill each other and ourselves."""
You're marrying a woman you've never had sex with?
It just came out me fucking nose.
"""Dear Vorenus, I don't fuck your wife."""
"Mr. Sakamoto. You really want to die, don't you?"
It's turning people into hungry vermin.
He was a fat guy.
"Well, fuck off and get it!"
I don't want his dead bribe money.
"""And his bloody great belt!"""
I may puke.
We're two adults who just have a lot of professional respect for each other. And shut up.
"I swear to God, this guy's gonna die if you don't get me the judge right now."
Why the fuck has she got lots of cat urine?
"Top shelf here is the cheap shit, just on a different shelf."
What the hell?
"It'sthe fucking bankers, the politicians... ...they're the onesthat wanna make coke illegal!"
"Trust me, man, only one thing gonna attract a giant, humping robot."
Samantha and her crap have to go.
"Cost me my whole savings, but I said, ""What the fuck?"""
That has been registered on behalf of detective Paul ... - Hodges. - Damn!
Then we eliminate them.
Shit! - What do we do?
They're trolls!
That there is one damn fine coat you're wearing.
I don't even know what the fuck I'm...
Egg on the face.
Someone had either just missed blowing off his head or was really playing silly fuckers.
You think people are saying that they want to see some scabby crout beat up on little miss what's her name?
Damn. We need water.
Divide the prisoners up. Isolate them so they can't communicate.
Not because she's a monster.
"Oh, ""The black one."""
You guys wrote the damn thing.
"All right, let's rise our asses back to work. Come on, now."
It just cries and shits. ~ Oi!
"Tonight, I'm delivering a scathing report to the mayor on this crap omelet you guys call a department, and then I'm out of this melanoma factory first thing in the A.M."
Dying not important.All men die.
"God, you suck!"
A town where a man can sneeze and not get his brains beat out.
"I was mad that he ditched me, So I went to drag his ass back inside."
Get the hell out of there.
"You made a deal with Hammerson. - No, you're crazy."
"Go on, get out ya bugger!"
The rest of the shit is ours.
"Don't fuck around, man."
"They're brutes, of course."
"Committed suicide."""
"You are living next door to a real, live fucking beauty queen."
"You're just gonna let him kiss you in the mouth, huh'? Just, wow."
It was Johnny Hopkins and Sloan Kettering... ...and they were blazing that shit up every day.
Ew... McConaughey Goat Fuck.
"This is a fucking swingers party. Right, guys? JACK:"
"You know, it turns out that Kevin is a pretty honest guy, you know, for a miserable drug dealer."
This is bullshit.
"In fact, I was knee-deep in God's armpit killing monsters... ...which I thought is what we actually do."
"Eugenie is, well... ...fragile."
"This is do, or this is die."
"It's time we stop beating around the bush gentlemen, and go after the damn bush!"
"You can't take a fucking dog to the hoosegow, Jake."
"His weapon was a marble, which had greater lethal potential than a mere paper clip, and with the benefit of his high vantage point, he might be able to deliver extreme woe to the surrounding Mexican soldiers and to the gangland scumbags who would rue the day they agreed to do Al Capone’s dirty work."
"Ooh. You've always been dead to me, but now you are even deader."
How the hell are you doing?
Lynn is mentally incapable of running CTU.
"I am a constable of the Lord Protector's guard, and this village scum dared to defy me."
What the hell took you so long?
"Now, where the fuck is he?"
"You were a witch before you were A vampire, right? Yeah."
"ln five minutes, I'll tear that building down."
A lot ofpeople walking around already dead... ...just need to be put outof their misery.
"She was just this foul, hateful, screaming thing in the back bedroom . . . our dirty secret.”"
"Stan, you got that stupid record over 20 years ago, and I've heard about it every day since."
Parents can be pretty screwed up sometimes.
I'd go down King's Road and fucking steal it.
You have to press it against her to keep her from blowing your head off.
"Don't ask him stupid questions, Lion-O."
"A dog that kills sheep, that dog is put to death."
What a wonderfully wicked life you lead.
You only bloody lie there.
That's what the bastards do.
Prep her neck.
Because Marcy's a donkey and I want to dance with the cool girl at the party.
If those chaps had just half the equipment of the Jerries... ...I could've made that dam look like a Swiss cheese.
"From what I've read about these sick fucks, they usually have some sort of code."
"Oh shit, yeah."
"So God bless the United States ofAmerica, the most ass-kickin' country in the world."
Beware... your mother's vengeful hounds from hell.
"Hey, want to see something really ridiculous?"
"And even though he started listening to her - - and rubbing her neck instead of jerking off, one day she said:"
"They were what they looked like—slow-moving, slow-thinking hospital morons."
It's finally come home to him that the worst sexual perversion is Chastity.
"No, you're a joke to me, Harry."
"He looked sick to her, sick and defeated."
"Says, ""she loves me, bitch loves me not,"" cuts the sucker right off."
"Sorry, sir. - Stupid lad!"
I want to give them a smackdown.
You will sign this statement unless you wish to die
That loathsome Shelley.
"Anon he finds him, striking too short at Greeks, his antique sword, rebellious to his arm, lies where it falls, repugnant to command."
"I don't know if it's the drugs or you're usually this inept, but you're wrong about these guns."
"Oh, so that's why you're dragging me to this... to suck up to Doug Greathouse so he'll offer me a job?"
"Oh, man, I'm so friggin' horny. ??"
Even inject them with poison when they were too feeble to do it for themselves.
"If you have a problem with that, you can just fire my ass."
I'm not your damn maid!
That's ridiculous. I swear on my... Said that it would lead them to the temple.
How are you gonna cure the whole fuckin` world?
Three months ago you were performing for a bunch of drunks in a bloody toilet.
"And if I'm so screwed up, why did they put you on it, huh?"
If you mean torturing and killing mafiosos that might know where her father is.
That Indian is gonna have running us around in circles.
You shouldn't damn them.
"You do want to have sex with her, right?"
"Dude in a uniform get in your face, you do not shout your mouth off."
Our shitty life is all we have.
'How the hell do you think I managed to kill Ocelot?'
Fener was as good as dead.
"Damn, Hank, you look good. Just like prom."
"Norma would damn me for a profaner if she heard me say that, but Louis, it’s true."
"Hank, I've never asked for a goddamn thing in your life."
Bad puss-puss!
He's a sorceror - mark my words.
Am I not the spawn of his... ...his depraved blood?
"All the shit I pulled over the years, I never shot anyone."
"The milk of a cow, of a goat and of an ass."
Because you're Holden Fucking McNeil.
I don't give a damn what they call them.
"""I told you this moming he's crazy!"
"Yes, yesterday's trash."
Because we're infected with losers.
"Vic, shoot this."
Who would choose to hang out with a bunch of drunkards whose goal in life is to fornicate on as many vapid sorority girls as possible?
"Have a wank before you dance, else you'll get a stiffy."
He's not that foolish.
"We're in LA, man, the place where the Negro comes to spread his wings."
Why are you tryin' to save my ass?
"Oh, bring it on, bat-wuss."
"And though I dabble in clowning, I do find it so boorish... ... so American."
I wouldn't crack your knuckles for $100.
The fuck away from you!
Her fucking body fell out!
I'm not fuckin' around with any cops.
Because I have to go there tomorrow at 6 and unpack some crap.
Star Sex 2: The Wrath of Cunt.
"No, chopped off and then taken to some foreskin wonderland."
I'm a dumb sister I didn't recognize my own brother
"Don't jerk me off, Strom."
Shut up! I'm not mad.
I cut your pagan neck!
Sex tape... boat.
Look! Scum angel!
"Sell most of this good shit around the way, but some of it, like the art and all, I might have to run it up New York."
"Goddamn it. 1,000 bucks."
Let's piss in his bushes.
What the hell...?
"No, offense, dude, but I hate your friend."
She's been fucked over a few times and she meets a guy who's sensitive.
"It's stupid. I know. we were just kids, but it made me cry."
"Fuck! I repeat: pursue mission, Over and out,"
"And when I'm with you, I could pick your brains, because I came here to learn from you."
Paul is gonna whack the three of them.
"In my experience, people who would rape an old woman or a crippled lady… they always do it again."
Tell me where the gun is so I can use it to nail the guy that killed him.
He'll figure out he's crazy 'bout you.
"Miss Hawker just told you guys to shut up, so shut up."
Don't bloody encourage him.
"Are you sure you don't want to stay, 'cause we could have sex?"
"Yeah, but then, I doubled down on the spelling bee, got screwed."
What the heck?
Right through my thigh.
"This is the first time I've had to bribe a chef to cook me a meal, then find out he doesn't even have the basic goddamn ingredients!"
Why don't you just go and bone her already?
What's your bloody name?
"5,000 bucks... holy crap."
"It should be fun to be dead, right?"
"Like, I was in Scientology probably four months, and I had done more than John Travolta had done, and he'd been there for 85 years or some shit."
"I did not torture the chicken, I don't torture chickens, are you crazy?"
"So, what the hell do you do... drink holy water and recite the Lord's Prayer backwards, what?"
"Now, you could either say your piece to me and Johnny... or you can get the fuck out of here."
Pretty darn funny from here.
Are you fucking listening?
It's amazing how quickly things can go from bad to total shit storm.
Holy shit.
Do you shave your balls?
Some gay-Wad magician's crazy life plan?
These freaks are running rampant.
Is she a bloodsucker?
"You may be killed any time day or night like your shadow, death is following you Everywhere."
How are we supposed to kill this thing?
"Number two, you have one month to find jobs or you're out on your asses."
Let us now make sure this barrier is completely idiot-proof.
"Well, who gives a shit about jurisdictional provenance?"
"I didn't want you to be a bastard,so I gave you to mama, so that way no-one could call you one."
Get out of the fucking car! - All right.
He must have fucked a lot of women in that huge car of his.
Get the hell out or go to jail.
What about... What was that fucking album you brought out last?
We'll have to shoot it again.
Just give me the shit.
"I was going to suggest... the best way to prevent trouble, confusion... or a waste of the taxpayers' money... would be to shoot prisoners sentenced to Wakefield."
I don't know who the hell he is.
"It's so silly, it's touching."
You drive me crazy.
"No. if you look a little bit above that barrel, you can see that there's a siphon that's receiving the excrement of a devil, whose backside can just be seen through the gated window."
So the editors' secretaries would read it and say it was stupid and cut most of what was left.
I picked the wrong set. - It stunk.
You brought a fuckin' Pomeranian bowling?
Fucking little Brenda?
"And by super-hot sex, I mean... let's talk about your sad feelings."
It's bullshit. I feel like a tabloid hack.
"Jesus Christ, can I be that fucking lucky?"
PAM: Are you shitting me?
It was cited to me by a clownish thug who crushed into my bedroom.
It's fucking funny.
"I'm talking to you, you donkey!"
"Dude, those things are disgusting."
"Nigger, windows are closed!"
What the heck is their problem?
Foolish kid! You've got to defend yourself.
"One night, this witch came along and she poisoned the well."
"Put a body on him, Chewy!"
"They were beaten, as if whipping them bloody would drive the psychosis out. We drove screws into their brains, we submerged them in icy water until they lost consciousness or even drowned."
"I don't want to hear your nonsense about ethics, morals and comparative history."
Why send a deranged killer on a mission of diplomacy?
"Don't take her seriously, she's a liar."
"Don't, Boss. Don't hit me anymore."
"Goodbye, sewer kid."
"Hey drunkard, you want a drink?"
Presumably so that he could watch them die slowly.
We'll give her fucking two hundred bucks. All right?
I found the sound of her peeing incredibly erotic.
So how sick... were you?
But my landlord's another fucking story-- Trying to kick me out of my home.
They've hired Princess to kill us.
"But while I was in the hospital,I finally got the chance to read zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance and that shit rocked my world."
"Richard, redesign is a death sentence."
I have shit on all of you.
Check the body and tear his damn car apart.
"If we killed them all, we'd save 1,200,000 marks a day."
She was kinda the first girl I ever had sex with.
You mean that troll in your picture book?
"I don't need you to fucking follow me home, Tom."
"""Shut up!"" Reich cried."
"You are a sorcerer, one who knows there are no paths, only magiC."
Too fuckin' late to do anything else.
"All right, then stick a gun in his hand."
"There was a hand in his trousers, reaching for his erection."
You son of bitch...
"That makes you a liar, doesn't it?."
Your salary is worthless.
I have killed all of Yanni's men.
There goes two of the coolest mother fuckers who ever lived.
"Fuck off, Steve."
My own kids think I'm a scoundrel.
Son of a bitch. Cut.
You must think I'm a fool.
“Fuck off!” she panted at it.
Shut your mouth.
Great. Voight thinks I'm a rat.
I fucked up again.
I went ape shit back there because that's a girl... ...who humiliated me in high school.
You-you get off me!
"Let's face it, most people would consider me a freak, even a monster."
"By rights he should be dead already, but he is a tough man.'"
And a dishonest man you can trust to be dishonest.
Looks like the loser was dragged out the back door.
"Now, cramming the mouth of it in a black, shiny tongue, were doctor-bugs."
Obvious to anyone with half a brain.
"And if you stay on top of the goddamn net, you can take away all his angles!"
"Yes, it was. We have to get him out before they kill him."
What the fuck happened?
I mean what's your daddy gonna say when we go back smudgy and stinky like this?
Why don't you kill yourself first?
All that grief because you and your nasty colleagues.
"Oh, yeah, yeah, we love cool shit. Oh, yeah."
You think she's gonna sit there and let me stick a needle in her?
The Indians wrap them up and bury them.
Your father is dead.
I hate to interrupt this moment of burgeoning intimacy but can we get the fuck out of here?
"Got you! Oh, crap!"
Fuck. You are.
Threw them out with the trash.
"Either you stop analyzing Alfred, or I go straight to Mr. Macy and tell him what a malicious, contemptible fraud you are."
You're like them Somalian niggers.
"Now I want her back, unharmed... or else I tell your pathetic story to the cops."
Old Judge Mumbling said in all his however many fucking years... ...the murder of Leonard Bertram Taylor...
Who fucking knew?
He does have dirty pictures of his wife.
"And it was just like a fucking hotel in there: bellhops with white gloves carrying luggage for guys in suits, a registration desk, everything."
"And it's gonna be oh-so-good, like; ""You like this shit, momma?"""
"If you do kill me, you go away, but it proves the system works."
We fucked like animals.
"Dude, it's Rold and Kumar. Shit."
What a fool I was.
Lock him in the brig.
What's the name of this shit...
Why can't you buy your own damn panting?
"Wires are grafted harmlessly into your skull, And any thought you have is uploaded to the internet And on to all your shitter followers."
"Like a machine, it feels no love--just sex."
"When Hitler came into power, outlawed the Jews.. . and made them targets for persecution and violence.. . the world did not protest much."
You're a bit of a freak.
"So I saw your fucking Avalanche parked around the corner, so ...."
"You guys, crap, man. You oughta be concerned."
All this shit with my kid?
I thought you might swallow your tongue or something.
The man is sick!
I should shut up.
"Nago, the man beast, eats only straw and glass shards."
"Murderer. ""Murderer"" they called us."
What have you got to eat in this dump?
You wanna tell me what the hell you were thinking? Hm?
"He hates my guts, but let me try him."
Any one of you jerks got a car?
"Go back to your desk, you weasel."
Your fly's open. Shut up.
Sick.
Carol only lives two damn streets away!
"You knoW, you got balls son, coming empty handed like this."
Will you two stop gaying up my personal private quiet space?
The bison seems to embrace the sex of a naked woman.
"Here’s the translation to today’s world: your discovery might win you the Nobel Prize, but it also might get you a bullet in the brain from a religious fundamentalist."
I'm not cleaning up your fucking messes any more.
"""Get me the fuck out of here."""
Have you heard about the... kid whores disappearing?
Get the hell off my porch.
Your leg's already infected.
You need another stooge?
"After they finished with us, surely they would slaughter their witnesses for that purpose."
You are bad people.
You give me extra work with all these silly things of yours!
Screw them. I worked all night.
Is it really that critical that she can't miss two damn weeks?
Get the fuck... off of him!
I've been having sex with you because I thought you'd do what I told you.
She looked at me like I was a madman.
"And you'd better pray to God I deal with you myself, because if you ever wind up in front of Lady Harrington you'll find yourself in hack so fast your worthless ass won't catch up with you till you land in the stockade."
No. It reproduces asexually.
"As the big day drew closer, though, leavin Vera's started to be a relief even though it was only a drunk smelly husband I was goin home to."
You put a shiv in my partner.
"You I will deliver whole, and the demon will devour you.'"
"No... prostitutes, junkies."
Look at this handsome devil.
So every girl you have sex with feels the immediate need to shower?
"Mrs. Dr. P... aka your wife for the past 15 years, aka suck it!"
Or a bunch of whacked-out Indians at the Sun Ray Motel?
"How could anyone have arranged these bits, this garbage, in such a way that it caught at the heart, snagged in the soul like a fishhook?"
"Oh, what the fuck do we have here, Randy, uh?"
"'You owe me money, you reprobate!'"
"It seemed, in fact, that just as he was about to lower the crown on the bride's head he glanced across the hall to where the skinny old witch was standing."
Shit what ?
"No, silly, that's my name."
Get off me!
Pigs: meat and offal: 5 days.
"When people are sitting on shit you want, you make them your enemy, then you justify taking it."
You're the jerk wad that gave me the doll!
"It was a damned hot day for a long coat like that, no doubt about it, but by then Brad thought he had that part figured out."
You and me sitting here... ...watching TVwhile the good-looking owner of the house is on the deck... ...swapping spit with a hot chick.
Some people say psychics just use a little bit of intuition mixed in with a generous dose of bullshit.
"I didn't curse, I said, ""freaking head. """
Holy crap!
One tiny little hole in the fucking toe of his suit.
"Grim, bearded, stinking barbarians that would row across the Narrow Sea and steal us from our beds."
"Shut it off, Kelly."
How crazy was that shit last night? Another crew comes to do the same fucking shit?
How should I know there's two of the same damn car at one place?
"Okay. Over the last week, I have been going through all these cards and letters with the help of a few suck-up employees."
What the hell can the two of you do on the train for 16 hours?
"""Christly woman's worse'n a jukebox with a broken record inside it."""
"I don't know about you guys,... ..but I’ve seen enough fucking snow to last me a lifetime."
You were just as dim-witted the first time you were here.
All the Berliners were crazy.
He's a macho putz.
"As you may know, Matthew, the Duisburg Boys Choir is really quite famous as all of the boys are awfuls, like yourself."
You don't fucking wait for me. Go.
Freisler will be presenting both of you as rotten criminals tomorrow.
I know that the Keeper was right to warn you of the shit that's coming your way.
What the hell is that?
"And you know how I know? Because I went to the fucking salon with her and I got my asshole bleached, too!"
"Sex with men who have the maturity of an experienced lover, there's nothing quite like it."
"But you won't inspire fear, you'll inspire hatred and ridicule, because the only power someone like you has is a mask, and once that mask is removed, you'll be as insignificant as you've always been-- a loser!"
I heard it's none of your damn business.
"The black man, a drifter who had been hired by the church pastor to do a day's worth of chores, had disappeared in the excitement."
No wonder your brother called you fat-headed
"My Lord, kneel down with me. Kneel, Lavinia, and kneel, sweet boy, and swear with me that we will prosecute, by good advice, mortal revenge upon these traitorous Goths and see their blood or die with this reproach."
"That was a mistake, Red. God damn."
"Somebody kill me, he had screamed on that bright and terrible afternoon."
It's a fucking map. Look!
"We kissed, because I didn't know she was my cousin, but when I found out, I stopped kissing her, but I fucked her friends."
"Better than you, and I'm naked!"
What shit you talking?
She thought it made her sound smart and not like every other dumb girl obsessed with Jane Austen.
"That being said, I've got complete faith in our legal system and know that in a matter of a few hours, this is all gonna be some strange and incredibly stupid memory."
"For ten years I can't say that I'm a cop for the shit that's goin' on! Ah, bullshit!"
"They are gonna talk to his fucking wife, to the fucking tooth fairy."
"The soldiers were shocked, thinking she had some kind of loathsome disease."
"Or if a bullet hits you in the face, so bad your pals don't recognize you?"
Think about what's gonna happen to her... if you get caught bringing that shit up in here.
"He looked astounded, as if Jack had asked him something like Wolf, do you really pull up your pants after you finish taking a crap?"
"If you stir up trouble, if you get in my way, I swear, I will drop your skinny ass off the top of this arch."
And how do I know someone won't be waiting there to kill me?
Now You've got some pussy so you forget your mate.
Maybe I'll send them back and then tear you to pieces.
They're not staggering along and hoping they won't have to take a shit with two warnings against them.
"Damn it, Ben, you said you shut the IMV valve!"
"So we cut and cut, and then I hold up, in my hand, the heart of a fetal pig."
Stare death in the face and say...
"Shit, we got real turkey this year!"
What the fuck they're loadin?
"What, this? Do me a favor, don't do fuckin' nothing for me no more, OK?"
Despicable! You're shameful Zecchinetta.
"But, you know, I shook it off, 'cause, damn, I had a beautiful woman that loved me to death."
I bet I get more pussy than you.
How in the hell didkelso deal with all this paperwork?
Anybody comes through that door and touches that kid will wind up dead!
"Well, if it's what you're describing, she'll be dead in an hour."
"No, I'm actually... kinda worried he's gonna kill himself."
"You come anywhere near me and Molly, I swear to God— Danny, please shut up."
"Hey you, freak!"
"Like a couple of experienced pack rats, they hoisted everything over their shoulders and started walking toward the center of the mall."
"You don't fucking get it, do you?"
"Treat 'em like shit. That's what I did to your mother, and she fell for me."
It's only dogs and rats out there.
"This whole episode... sucked, y'all!"
Are you tryin' to starve me to death?
"What the hell did you do to set him off, anyway?"
What the fuck.
From killing your grandparents.
It operates on the same principles that keep the earth spinning around the sun... ...and that keeps you from flying off the earth into the cold reaches of space... ...where you would die like a miserable Schwein.
"Skinny-ass, yeah He popped in this morning, around 11:00"
Kill them all! How many sisters and brothers are sacrificed... for one dead son?
"I'll get a nice lace awning at Home Depot... ...so I can sit here, tune your ass out,and sip my wine while my tomatoes grow."
"So, what the fuck is going on with Miami?"
Nobody in the entire fucking Marine Corps ever won four in a row.
What the hell are you looking for?
Or Schiller will kill us?
But that doesn't mean I go back in the jungle and clean up monkey shit.
I am not going anywhere with you lunatics.
"Now, toying with it like a vain adolescent, he wondered if he could still use the damn thing."
I suggest you lock her up in a cage next time... and give her a beating
"I see a man running away, a man hiding from the world. I see a coward."
Lobos needs us to move this shit.
SAMCRO is gonna rip you open and get the truth and we're both dead men.
And they got crews over there twirling dope and coke like the shit was candy.
You really are a big disappointment to me.
"A woollen blanket would be placed over his stunted, useless legs and a long belt would be wrapped around his frail, emaciated body, holding him in place."
"So this dog, out of nowhere, just lifts its hind legs up... ...and puts them in the harness there... ...and just takes a shit while he's running on his front paws."
"Woody, in your professional opinion, how do I die? Murder."
'Cause all this time I've been thinking you were so miserable.
jonas brothers basshunter booty shakin hanah montana power rangers mistic forse sexy strip kama sutra nude sex scenes amnesia ibiza 2girls1cup akon pamela anderson sex video sexy girls hentai xxx bb8 big brother wwe orgasm
The kid jerks as if a hidden prankster under his chair has just triggered a low-voltage electrical charge into one of his skinny buttocks.
"Sure, you can fuck around... ...but it's so much goddamn work, you know?"
"That's what we said... and when we said it, we did not add... ""But don't ever fall in love with a colored man."""
You are dead right now.
"Pick up or call me back, - right now. - Shit."
She loved that stupid hat.
"""And homosexuality has been going on for centuries, yeah."" ""At the moment, having a gay image is 'in'."""
"Sammy, it's time for my shot."
"I just wish he would, you know, slow the fuck down, son."
"See, that is exactly the kind of brilliance that sounds deep, but you could say it about any person who doesn't pine for the social approval of everyone he meets, which you were cleverly able to deduce about me by not being a moron."
I got over here some photographs ... of every missing person within 100 miles of this shit hole.
A damn shame he had to put Luther through the same... ...but that's fear.
You'll bore your mother and me to death
Give me all that shit.
What's your sex life with Joanna like? - Good
Chicken shit. Water.
"Shit, no."
"That's it, finish him off."
"Ah! Stop, God damn it!"
"I wanted to fuck, but I'd rather wait"
I'm marrying a brute.
"Well, Ralph, Debbie can't talk right now. My dick's in her mouth."
Get in the fucking motor!
"You will make mistakes and engage in foolish behavior, and Haltwhistle will not be able to stop you."
I want these fags. - What?
That's all... ...because no one is going to tell me... ...you de-differentiatedyour goddamn genetic structure... ...for four goddamn hoursand then reconstituted!
"Dick, trust me, I know what I'm doing."
The church allows for killing in self-defence.
"Bring your Armani asses to Compton, we'll settle this shit once and for all in my house."
"I became known as the guy who could get you things piece of gum, playing cards, some novelty glasses I found in a box marked ""crap."""
There may be no criminal charges against you... but I'll see these files reach Calcutta... with the recommendation that you be deported as political undesirables.
"Lend me your hat, I may vomit."
"Holy shit, are you serious?"
There's a fucking camel!
"If they were carbon-based, we´d all have been killed, without a doubt."
"""Damn, I wish I'd had this a few hours ago."""
"In six months to a year, if he doesn't fuck up, he could be called in to treat bin Laden."
"Oh, I won't be satisfied... until every bastard Atreides is crushed... beneath the jackboots of the Corrino Sardukar."
"She kept on moving it back and forth between dressing rooms, like it was a fucking model."
"You're condescending me, it's like you're always fucking attacking me!"
"Damn fine work, Prendergast."
"That may very well be, but don't be a fool, Robert, life is cheap downtown."
"It's like, if you donate a coat to the salvation army, you can't be upset when you see a hobo having sex with it on the street."
"""Mother of God,"" Agar said, ""you've lost your mind, you've gone flat debeno, sure as I stand here."
Is it my friend Kyle is a no good dirty...
"The user can select three breast sizes: improbable, impossible, and ludicrous."
Or you're a dead man.
All this shit they're constantly trying to shove up us.
"That student with the dueling scars had been a slob, with his phony pride in scars from fake danger."
I'm asking you not to fuckin' touch me!
And he even sits through... ...those silly romantic films with me.
"Robot, rip his arms and legs off."
Why don't you get the fuck outta here before you ruin it?
"We'd hate you to die of thirst, now, wouldn't we?"
"Regardless, whoever shot that snake is one deranged and possibly dangerous individual."
"But honestly, the thought of sitting alone in the kitchen in the dark, dragging away on my solitary fag..."
The only real cure is to find the original source of infection and kill it.
"No, my daughter's getting married today, you idiot."
"Just tell me what the fuck you want, little boy."
"All right, Rock, let's kill us two birds with one stone."
Damn. - Damn?
"Excuse me, how do you fuck up a Chicken Caesar?"
"""Being silly at times runs in my family, I think,"" she replied calmly."
I'd say let's get the fuck out of here.
"Oh, like I'm a fucking loaded."
"""Damn,"" said Jackson, getting out."
"I had a really good time, and I was hoping you'd be a jerk so I wouldn't feel like I was missing out by moving to texas."
What the hell?
General Tien Ta's going to die here.
And you can be damned sure my mother's gonna hear about this.
"Oh, yeah, I never left town, because I didn't have any money to leave town with, because you fucking stole it!"
"Heck, I was more worm than boy for a couple of years."
You guys were having sex twice a week?
"Now we have your weapons, and we are ready to die for Allah."
"Jake and his big, fat mouth."
She really might be ugly.
"Goddamn, this pimp just won't give up!"
Sometimes you could save your ass.
What the hell are you doing?
Also keep in mind that your father has the bladder control of a frightened nine-year-old girl.
Where do people your age park and have sex?
Gary's a Builder From Hell?
What the heck you building up there?
"Damn fatso, I'll teach you a lesson."
"Well, that's tough, cause you are the fucking trouble."
Why don't we just let him rot in there?
"But I don't love your present position, and if I am to be a sex object, I prefer to be it as an independent agent."
"Just because your hair sucks, get off mine!"
"Did you make a promise to your wretched siblings... ""Together, we'll fight the wicked witch side by side?"""
"A lot of people go with cupid, but you got to remember, the bow and arrow melts first, and what you're left with is a fat kid dancing in shrimp."
They treat their wives like shit! I didn't mean to say Wop!
"Course, that was before I learned I liked puss on my face."
Foolish me.
"Dork. Now, a new candidate has been nominated."
"There's just One thing I can't wrap my head around, though, and that's... How the bloody hell she managed to break through."
There's really nothing quite as satisfying as beating a man down with his own gun.
"Get a lot of people killed, including Nicole."
"You think that'd make the company look too ghetto? Oh, fuck."
You should fucking listen to yourself.
Don't let anyone see you or you'll be in deep shit.
Are you screwing with me?
These are disgusting.
But I sure would like to know what the hell you were doing... shacking up with three kids in the middle of the night... especially a lunatic delinquent like Lane.
Got his mother's fanny.
Prepare to have your life destroyed!
You know how I feel about that. Darn you! We can't blow cover again.
"Get out of here, cat! You stink!"
You ain't say shit back there?
It kills me to think you'd ever feel ashamed around me.
"I'm out. Good game, losers."
"The game was lame, and now he's lame from the kick."
That girl has a devil's voice if she can back off Whisper like she did!
They're fucking evil
"Damn the recession, full speed ahead."
I came here to be the traitor you want.
Accused me of murdering your mama.
Who gives a shit what the problem is?
Something stinks here.
"Yesterday I had to put on a biohazard suit, hip waders and rubber gloves, and I got the garden hoe and scraped that crap out there."
"Cut the shit, Charlie."
I want you out of my son's life.
"20 pounds count from this station, 20 for this mud, to follow your fucking GPS."
You're gonna kill that in him.
They made this ditz a VP?
SARK: Sloane will want Tippin killed before the CIA interrogates.
How much jack shit do I need?
What the hell you doing?
Sounds like you're putting together the world's gayest boy band.
Fucking awesome.
What the hell do you want with that?
"Oh, I knew. I knew you lay down here on your pathetic little cot... ...and dreamed about her."
"Because you'il be staying a long time, parasite!"
Why don't you just tell me what the hell it is you're up too?
Because she lied to me... Because she's a cheat.
I hate you!
Doesn't anybody answer their fucking phone?
"Otherwise, you'il go to prison for treason and murder."
"Summer, have you had unsafe sex?"
"Then I was not prepared to die, but now... you should pull the trigger."
"For the smartest guy in the world, you're pretty dumb sometimes."
"You puke in my locker room, you're cleaning it up."
"And I lost my best friend. And I will be damned if I lose you, too."
You fuckers think anybody cares if you make a stink?
'Cause Leonard was fat.
I think we're fools if we think that we can control anything.
The police are useless. They can't act until they catch him red-handed.
"He glanced at it, and then, with an ejaculation of disgust, threw it on the floor."
"If he dies, what a useless waste of experience and ability."
You killed it.
"When that happens, she'll die, along with half of New York."
Does-does he have a butthole?
Raylan: Then you know I'm shooting you straight.
Remind me to slug Red when this is over.
Loser goes first.
"Someday you will find Iris so excruciatingly attractive, you won't be able to look her directly in the boobs."
"SHE TOUCHED HIM ONCE, SHE TOUCHED HIM TWICE, AND THREE TIMES WITH HER HORN; AND THERE HE FELL, AND WHERE HE FELL, HE ROSE A UNICORN."
Scrawny sacks of flesh hung down from his chest and stomach.
And then you will be Jupiter fisted to death by our hideous space monster.
"And if he decides to make a surprise visit, that's the day we've sent you to Τustin, to pick up a load of shit and bring it back."
Kellogg has money and resources and he's shady as hell.
What the hell are you doing here?
The truth is I'm tired of your bullshit.
"Don't do--hey, nigga!"
"I mean,it was like, this can't be. And then I had a sinking feeling in my stomach because russell hantz told me as a man of god, as a christian man,we're going to play this game together and he vote my ass off the next time he could so it scared me."
And half the school knows and do you hare a fucking clue how hard it is to walk through those halls with everyone looking at you and thinking.
I'm not half as smart as you... ...so what the hell happened?
You smell funky.
You're fuckin' deaf!
"If you end up having sex with him, it's gonna be missionary with a lot of eye contact."
Those are your stinky eggs?
Why check your cocks?
"You have killed several of our enemy, Colonel, and we are grateful."
"I am so proud of you, you great, stupid lump, though I wish you were going somewhere sensible like France or Belgium or somewhere."
Men wanna be quarantined from unattractive girls.
"My nigger Charles, right?"
Get the hell out of here!
I can't believe it. Shit.
You think he was a rat for the federals?
So there I was... ...at the mercy of three monstrous trolls.
"WILL: ""I'm a dirty little beast."
To be released from hell.
What the hell is happening here?
Get the fuck off me !
You'd rip me to pieces.
Just waiting to be put out of your misery.
"If you did, you'd know you'd better get your sorry government asses out of here."
"When his brother offered to stay behind with him, Raistlin glared at him irritably and told him not to be a fool."
"I ain't seen you bust a motherfucking thing, bro."
"Re-Kon. See if he's ever had sex with a minor. Hurt a kid, anything like that."
"""Consider yourselves fortunate;' said Vierna, ""for I'll not tell Matron Malice of this stupidity."
Short of walking into that room with a bloody magnetron around your neck...
I can't even fucking read!
You can't be this stupid!
You fucking killed him?
I'm gonna be out on my butt in weeks.
They captured one of the Commissioners call Nicolas Bello. Pull him down from his hourse and beat him to death with their stave.
Two fucking days and nights.
"He was a good old joe, fat, happy, middlewestern."
I am going to put this in the trash.
"Oh, you've got to be fucking kidding me."
"You were always useless at fencing in school, Tristan."
"Holy crap, I am winning a Nobel Prize."
Do you want to keep the fucking noise down?
"No, he was a freak."
"And if the messages sent back and forth had been vague in the extreme, the simple fact of their existence alone would be enough to damn them if State Security found out."
Either pull the trigger or get that thing out of my face.
All of them will be punished.
"Uhura, turn off those damn channels!"
It's a Swiss fuckin' watch.
"See, normally that would work for me... ...but today at lunch, I'm gonna have sex with my boyfriend for the first time."
"Woogie's only, like. all-state football and basketball and fucking νaledictorian."
Are you shitting me right now?
"He's trying to show off for-for Brian and-and the chick that got, you know, has got her tits all over his dick."
They're all I don't care if Thailand drowns in heroin.
"Okay, Elliot, I know you frustrated with all this bodyguard shit and whatnot."
Shut it! Sold!
That ties Jordan directly to each of the barrel girls' rapists.
"Most of the time people are deaf and dumb, but having a small, pretty little girl in tears helped people's memories."
"Mom, I was just two years old when dad passed away. Shut up!"
"Maybe you meant to pat me on the ass and say, ""Go get 'em, Bob."""
Dumb name will know my wrath... the wrath of Doug.
"You have a partner, you have a gun, you have a camera, you have S.I.S. and vests and dogs and patrol cars out the ass, and people still get hurt."
"Come here, you fucking prick."
"I will kick anything that I don't like... ...and I'll find love, and pleasure... ...and tenderness, and passion..."""
"Aw, dad damn it!"
"You're cold, lady."
I did not have her committed 'cause I want to get rid of her.
"Well, now, pardon me all to hell."
I've lostthe equivalent of a fucking suitcase.
Interrupting -- the only joke is rookies making vast sums of money who've never proven a damn thing.
"I think fast, I talk fast... and I need you guys to act fast if you want out of this... so pretty please with sugar on top... clean the fucking car."
"I remember thinking that if it was about that black hotel, I didn't want to understand."
Lousy!
"But if John Connor don't send Michael Biehn back to protect her, then they never fuck, and John Connor ain't born in the first place!"
"if you'il excuse me, ladies, I'm gonna go hang myself."
"'She adores balls, and keeps dreaming of complaining about her handkerchief.'"
Get the fuck in there!
with your bad self.
"Damn you, why don't you say it?"
"I'll show you, bitch!"
"It's time to Cherokee it up, God damn it. Come on, Mike."
"You sandbag me like that me again, we're gonna have a big fuckin' problem."
"Knock him on the ground, Bulldog!"
"There's only one thing that could really fuck this up, and that's your wife."
"Brother, I'm gonna punch a hole, you follow me through."
You don't notice a thing. You die immediately.
What the fuck did you do?
"Well, he had sex with my mum and then left without leaving his name or address."
Amaze balls.
"""Criminal thugs,"" Andropov snorted."
"'I think they are insane,' Reacher said."
"Your drunk, Professor."
My grandmother would love this shitin her garden.
You'd finally get to meet all my idiot friends.
That is ridiculous.
"You idiot! You desert now, it's a federal offence."
Killed himself all kinds of people.
That's chump change.
He'll kill all of us!
"Hey, just do what the fuck I tell you, Haggard."
"The Fool recalled with a shudder how, at the age of six. he'd timidly approached the old man after supper with a joke he'd made up."
"Fuck, man, you're an artist."
"Let me tell you, Fernie, she's not a good person."
"Sarah, do you think I'm a loser? -A loser?"
"If there's one thing I know, it's monkey business."
You enjoy sucking him off?
"Mostly I'll be pressing down on his abdomen to release gas, or "" fart him."""
"She kicked me out of the house, Brad, and now she's slapping me in the face with a big ""D."""
"First, we kill off your bone marrow."
I've been sitting here with a broken cock for two hours now.
This is ridiculous.
"""Witch blood!"" Hawat snapped."
That woman doesn't understand anything.
She must be in shoal water somewhere and damned well hidden.
"No, you're off your head."
akon basshunter hentai xxx amnesia ibiza orgasm hanah montana wwe sexy girls bb8 big brother linkin park sex scenes kama sutra nude enrique iglesias pamela anderson sex video 2girls1cup jonas brothers power rangers mistic forse
"We're supposed to be partners, Damn,"
And now you and your cock have betrayed me for the last time.
"That's what you said last time, dipshit!"
I'm an idiot.
"If you die, nobody's going to cry."
"Yesterday, when I was chewin' those kids out, I sounded just like him. Oh, shit, it's the football team."
"I'm a mother with one child ordered to marry a girl he hates... ...another banished abroadin disgrace... ...and a third,whoring in public with an adulterer."
Tell me what the hell you were thinking.
Don't be ridiculous. All women want new shoes.
"Two fat ladies, 88."
It seems I've been stupid for a long time.
For fuck's sake!
"Yeah, but anti-inspector had a funny mustache and was kinda rapey."
"Not you, silly!"
Now... showing off my breasts.
"Al Sa-Her, face your death with honor."
I'm fucking positive it was the Duke of York.
Go and get those three infuriating fish and bring them to me!
"And even then he had been far enough gone to think there was something supernatural about it, that the cycle would right itself, rise out of its grave, and chew him up . . . either .that or he would look back one afternoon at the rising sound of an engine and see his cycle, this damned cycle which wouldn't just stall out and die decently, roaring straight down the highway at him, doing eighty, and bent over the handlebars would be that dark man, that hardcase, and riding pillion behind him, with her white silk deckpants rippling in the breeze, would be Rita Blakemoor, her face chalk white, her eyes slitted, her hair as dry and dead as a cornpatch in the wintertime."
"She's, like, the worst one."
Pig! I hope they get you!
We'll take the butcher and you.
'cause I know we suck.
"You're the reason he's dead and buried, Clyde, not the cops that shot him, not the fates."
Crazy son of a...
"""Hello, Studio City."" Fag."
She'il scream.
What a horrible father I am.
Do you want me to gut you?!
This sucks!
"Yo,man,you got some sick moves."
"No need to embarrass me like that, asshole."
"You're about to be a woman without a pulse, if we don't get that bag back."
Do you think God really gives a shit whether you can shoot this thing or not?
"Duke, you gotta go get those warheads! Shut up!"
I thinkI'm gonna scream my head off.
"Over the years, this kind of shit gets out of control."
"He'll be dead in 50 seconds, sir."
Ooh. I'd like to sink my teeth into him.
I won't allow our young clansmen to sacrifice themselves in vain with you maniacs
"If I got hit by a bus tomorrow, I got your back, dog."
It was dumb luck that you got out of there alive.
I think I'd like to meet these killers.
"Big Time Willie told motherfuckers... they be fucking with the J, they're gonna wake up dead in the Atlantic Ocean."
If the person who squealed is who I think it is... ...he'd better moveto another continent... ...because I'll eat his guts!
What the hell is it?
Single stab wound to the heart.
"It's a reflex, as you know, science dork."
"If you do not pull those people out, more - possibly all of them - will be killed."
"You think he'll take her in, all her crazy bullshit?"
What the hell...
Taylor Swift is dangerous!
Tell me or Bernardo is going to have to cut your girlfriend.
Shoot the glass!
"I mean, Jesus Christ could come off the cross sometimes, he don't give a fuck."
It's like looking at you is like looking out over the grand canyon of ineptitude.
"You wanna bullshit the grand jury, fine."
What the fuck happened to you?
It was a damn alien.
"Keep your hands in a cart, shut up and have fun."
What the hell did you do in here?
What the hell...?
"And I don't mind telling you, nigger, it's steady work."
The fuckin' dog cannot breathe!
Enough food to keep you alive in an 8-by-7 cage... and no one on the goddamn cell block.
I'll smash it if you come any closer!
"Oh, crap."
"As I say, I am not interested in fuckwittage.'"
This time I was fuckin' right.
Mom's getting more insane and sharing the insanity with me and everybody else.
I suppose I should finish him off.
It's pitch black outside. You're coming home by yourself and I just leap out and say hey I'm an idiot.
Shut up for a second.
"No no, damn it!"
Why take me out of my house... ...and kill my parents with me?
To communicating shit.
"Oh, so you can't go to Vegas... ...but she can fuck a bellhop on a Carnival Cruise Line?"
Tanis expected to die.
You fucking killed him?!
Clinton out of the gate by blocking his plan For the open admission of gays into the military.
Some assholes Quesada brought in.
Sucks.
What in the crap...
For one thing Bombur was immensely fat and heavy.
It's gonna be a lot louder than you can fuckin' believe... and you might not hit a thing.
"""I suppose it is your privilege if you want to die."
Where the hell are you going?
"Okay, that sucked. Let's try it again with a lot more reverb and auto-tune and robot sounds and someone else's voice coming out of your mouth."
"""Let me go, you drunken devil,"" said Zossimov, struggling and when he had let him go, he stared at him and went off into a sudden guffaw."
"I considered dropping the matter as being far too dangerous to pursue, but my stupid need to know drove me on."
You're fucking famous.
"What is it, captain girl? The evil mad libber?"
We're going to destroy the world.
What the hell is wrong with it?
Why'd you pick this shit hole?
What a fool! I could eat him for breakfast and not notice it.
Do you know how many fucking car lengths it takes to stop a car at 35 miles an hour?
"Here he drank a little water and then directed the hands of the rykor to the balance of it and to the food, upon which the brainless thing fell with avidity."
"You want to hate me forever? You be my guest,"
Your gunshot wound's gonna be a little tender.
You're gonna fucking run over me?
"Even though it sounds like all roads lead to gay Rome, you can't say anything until you're 100% sure."
"With all due respect, Mr. Dennit I had no idea you had experimental surgery to have your balls removed."
"Not ""crap""."
Why have the gods made me love a hateful woman?
Then what the fuck am I doing out there?
What the hell is this?
"Officious little prick, officious ""I don't believe you care much for me, Mr. Torrance."
Kill the lights in five minutes.
Fucking nice.
"No, Finn was a dullard."
"""I did my best with what I had, Skipper,"" he said, ""but the bastards wouldn't give me much."
"Lily, you have a little hair caught in your crook."
"I've never seen him do shit."""
"That fucking uncle of yours took a ton of gear off me, and now he's gonna pay up."
One of Hollywoods top Special Effects guys... was found squashed like a freaking bug this morning.
"I can't do everything for everybody, damn it."
"So, clearly, in the other universe, I'm a nut job."
‘The one who murdered your parents.'
"The killer must've found out that Mikhail was selling secrets, which made him the perfect patsy."
If you can't sacrifice scum like Schmidt for those that only want their freedom... ...then you better take a hard look at your chosen profession.
"So you killed him, loaded him onto his own truck and dumped him in the mud puddle."
You should have told me what you were up to.That was bullshit.
Claude... Incompetent.
You got to put an end to this shit. You'll thank me later.
"If I'm making too much noise, tough shit."
But they were just out to get me Because I threatened to kill them.
"Miles, what the hell were you doing? The only thing that'll make you see the light."
"""And no one even thought to leave a damn window open!"
Head butts.
KEVIN: It's a health code case and it's a loser.
"Oh, I know. I'm not afraid of sucking."
"Yeah, you, too, asshole."
"Listen, me and him got into some bad shit a while back."
"There's some weird shit going on, and I could use a drink or two... or seven."
"Once upon a time, it was the Americans who were terrorists to the British."
"Oh, fuck, I'm sorry."
I only worried about my butt.
Did you fucking see her face?
"And other stuff, too, but I can't say, because I'm live on the air right now... and you can't say ""ass cheeks,"" right?"
"Hey, shut it."
"What the hell are you on about, dad?"
Are you insane?
"""When it got up to twelve, the factories and all the pollution-producing shit had to shut down till the weather changed."
Fuck off to your dad's shop!
"Now, I believe my son has tasked you with finding our wayward whore Candace, but we have not heard from you on that front for weeks."
I suggest you beat your cheating husband with his secretary's stapler.
"I'm real sorry, sweetie... Sure as fuck ain't safer sitting in the middle of the road in this van... ... with that thing in the back."
The pastor says here that she turns into a black cat.
"""That man is a religious fanatic, Sturm."
"Millions, moron."
You've reacted really stupidly and want to apologise.
"Tell me something, Timothy... is it difficult for you to breathe with... your mouth flat against your employer's butt?"
They- they took Cooper's body. Just Like a fucking pack of-
Even after I'm done paying your firm a fucking fortune...
"Leo, I swear to God, I would love to see somebody hand this company their ass on a platter, but I did not tell him to put his life in jeopardy."
"A flesh wound. You're clearly not the killer that your brother is, Thea."
"""Goddamnit!"" he roared as he heard the sirens."
"Your future, Dante, is filled with death and destruction."
And you're not going to be able to do shit.
Should I have waited until he killed her?
I stole the damn thing.
"Jerome Clifford was as crooked and sleazy as his clients, and if they got blood on them he wanted to see it."
You think every guy who comes near you wants sex?
"""Only a guttersnipe like you would be ignorant of that,"" Amherst replied venomously."
Crap.
Like a bullheaded teenager.
That shit'il come back with you.
"I'll hire me a do-dirt nigga and he'll carry the gun, and when shit goes down,"
"Well, you are pregnant, so you must have had sexual intercourse eight months ago."
"Her head had dropped, and she was sucking her finger broodingly."
"Fuck yeah, she lied."
"What you might call a Mexican screw off, gentlemen."
"Odds are by the end of the school year, I'll have Blaine and a nationals trophy, and you'll have khakis and a Lima Bean apron and that gay face."
Dead officer we die.
"Oh, shit, we're gonna get something."
Every time I'm on the lunchyard... ...and he's with 1 0 of his butt-kissing little weasels--
Not someone in an arranged marriage. What if you might find someone? What rubbish.
"Almost the first thing Xenos did was dispose of the consumer credit business, which produced only modest profits, and close the storefront offices; soon after, he terminated the insurance activity, describing it as ""small-time humdrum for mental midgets."""
Your daughter would scare Cossacks!
The war shouldn't be over. We should stop pussyfooting about the Russians!
I don't give a rat's ass what your name is.
Helena. My whole fucking future.
"Well, anyway, as much as I'd like to stay here and get silly with you, Mom,"
To kill.
His red hair was coated by ice and his face was dead white.
Let Ryu Saeba vanish forever from your life.
"You call your friend after sleeping with a hot girl, not after jerking off."
"I'd fuck her, but she's too young."
"And, it turns out, he's just a bumbling nerd."
"Kiss her!"""
Shit! Why didn't you tell me?
Let's fucking move. Get these cars out of here!
"You ride off on that train... ...and when you're out of sight, we'll cut her loose."
"Oh, shit."
The room's only other occupants were a troll and a dwarf.
'Causel really like the Skype sex.
I saved your ass with Woodhouse.
I'm his wife! I should know who my husband is screwing!
Cancer of the testicles.
"Huh, kid? Yeah. Thought I'd never get out of this hell hole."
You're another lucky son of a bitch.
There are a lot of little thieves out there.
"You cannot just be out, gone all night, and just disappear... ...and then fucking lock the door in my face."
How the hell did you do that?
They're as crooked as everybody else in this deal.
I don't care who he isn't. This asshole is really bothering me.
"The bartender looks up and says, ""Get the fuck out of here"""
"You were fucking snoring."""
Where's my fuckin' book?
Damn Montecristos are damn overrated.
"But if you cross them, you're a corpse."
Your bitch chose me.
So it would kill you to have a glass of water?
"'A traitor! whispered McAllister, ever the analyst."
This is a kill.
"Bye, you Indian lover!"
I don't like being naked in front of male doctors.
Tourists treat this lake like it's a garbage can.
The corruption in this city sickens me.
Shut up! I told you long time ago to kick her out of the house.
"The kid basically went awol last night, damn near got himself killed."
Shit! Colonel!
Got bloody lost.
I don't want one ofthose things birthing anywhere near my ass.
Ninety percent of the time... ...when a wife takes a run... ...she takes the daughterto a place like this... ...I'd say she's damn madat her husband.
"Oh, it's useless."
"'I got them into this,' she said, 'and I will be damned if I let them die for me without being with them.'"
"I did want to tell someone, but Mueller would've just laughed... ...and Nunez wouldn'thave given a shit."
"Then I'd transship my half of the bullion to Erasmus and sell the Black Ship back to the Portuguese, or offer her to Toranaga-sama as a gift, or burn her, whatever he wishes."
"See, this is a really shit idea."
"Honey, I was 18 when I met your father and about as dumb as a piece of ham."
"Stop, motherfucker!"
"it was so ludicrous,"
I hate leftists.
"Well, I...I should shut up and listen to you."
"Yeah, but that's just the same as killing them."
Only certain death awaits you here.
Mom's malignant.
"And this old guy, he was a thug."
But back off now and he’d be . . . just a fool in a shiny suit.
"Hey, if that's something bigger than being a good Joe with a good job, fuck it."
But if you've seen pics of one chick sucking off a donkey... ...you've seen them all.
"Damn, I got to change my jersey number."
"And underneath your town is ""fuck you"" money."
"Fine... if you won't do it for me, do it for all the kids out there looking up at the stars and imagining the day they get to have sex with one of their best friends and some random girl."
"I work to get us into a nice house like this, and you pretend to be a crook."
"I've heard coffee's bad for you, but this is ridiculous!"
"Where you going? Hey, you're sick."
Almost having sex with somebody I barely know.
My butt hurt for days.
Too many dicks.
Forked tongues lolled over black lips.
Do you know who the hell I am?
I was just in there and I didn't see any goddamn pig.
They hacked into Kaspar and had it spouting their stupid theories.
"Tonight, on live television... the American people will watch this great spreader of Western lies... get blown to pieces... unless the United States government formally apologizes... for its rotting, immoral culture."
We make her come with our cocks!
Now you're on your fuckin' own!
All five of us sex-fisting our way...
"Well, you know, life is a motherfucker."
"It was a divine place, a living reminder of that glorious era nearly a thousand years ago when Arabs ruled, creating a benevolent center of Muslim learning here in the midst of ignorance and savagery."
Tell me you're having an affair with a beautiful stripper instead of a man so I can at least look at myself in the mirror!
"You don't know how bad I want to hurt you right now, Kyle."
I hate resentful people.
"Knock it off, both of you."
We don't want you here.
How the fuck are you?
You pissed on my... goddammit!
Your wife's killer is still out there.
I'm gonna hit the ladies'.
"He thinks you're bringing in guns for the cause, so make sure those cases fucking rattle, OK?"
I don't give a damn what they want.
Now everybody is dead.
Touch me and I'll sue your ass!
Would someone please execute this putz?
Good day. Puss cake.
The hypocrisy here is amazing.
"It said, ""Suck it."""
He'il kill you His eyes will find us there
"I mean, man, we found some amazing shit out there, today."
I'm surprised the little fat-ass missed a morsel.
"I didn't think I was capable of hate, but I hate her and hate that I hate her."
We have to nuke them!
"You're not ready to take on a sniper, kid, because he would shoot that man on command."
How could you possibly remember who you're fucking?
"""We'll give them a target they can't resist and try to suck them in."
"Shoot Pam, so what will it take for you to release her unharmed?"
This hospital was turning into a jungle— everyone was acting like monkeys.
Where the fuck is journalism?
Everybody wants to see anybody fuck.
"Craig, Godfather needs to unfuck this clusterfuck now."
"Is it okay if I introduce you as my accountant? ??Try fucking yourself, convict."
By George... I think I know who your monster may be.
Our relationship was so fucked up.
"They is as hard as steel, and they is emerald green as emerald green fucking comes."
"Looks like I don't have a class full of retards any more, doesn't it, children?"
"Now, if we do happen to make a contact I expect nothing less than gratuitous violence from the lot of you."
"Best goddamn bartender. . . . . .from Timbuktu to Portland, Maine."
Idiot. - I don't want anybody else but me to do anything for you.
Fuck is that true?
"And then bludgeoned himself to death,i suppose?"
Tell me it ain't one of your dick-arounds. No.
There'il be clean shoes on your corpse.
Smoke grenades aren't gonna do crap.
How could someone who jerks off seven times a day do it?
"But it's hard to be great man like you, with no legs."
"Yeah, but what if my instincts are screwed up?"
Because your mom lies.
Get off me! Get off!
Here's one dude who's fucking going for the stars. Trying to make something with his life.
"So, you think he was rescuing her... from her father. Who's a beast. But still her father."
He'il kill us both and say we infiltrated enemy territory.
"The dwarf, maid... - The stabbers."
Gun down.
"With a sack o' money in his hand, thumb up his ass, big grin on his face."
Hell on earth.
Can we get through one holiday without you saying something ridiculous?
I'd rather not see you again than see you dead.
"""I already fucked you. Just let me watch the game."""
Damn good food.
It's your fault Jacques died.
I can shoot fire from my eyes.
Birds shall be hung by both legs.
Or maybe we stole the slowest god damn helicopter in the Italian army.
"Oh, shit, what'd I get?"
"Maybe the Zhang can climb the walls with their long, disgusting fingernails."
That the guy was dirty as a subway toilet?
"Yes, I have a dirty mind."
I think he knew that you told Fyers to shoot the plane down.
Are these losers bothering you?
And if you don't put that gun away and stop this stupid nonsense... the Court of Inquiry on this will give you such a pranging... you'll be lucky to end up wearing the uniform of a bloody toilet attendant!
The sniper dies... for that one perfect shot.
"For me, this is like sitting on the bench, waiting for the lawyers to get to the damned point."
"Let's do this shit, shall we?"
You're not foolish enough to stick your nose in that gas chamber... ...just to get even with me.
"Bob started to speak, faltered, and turned his head away to blink back liars."
"Look, I'm not looking for a standing o, Ababuo, but I can't even tell if you're fucking breathing or not."
Junk! Old papers!
I mean...men are just not worth it!
I don't give a damn what you believe!
"I'm not a moron, Clara."
But my dad is this ginormous hardass.
"Here, help me, instead of being stupid aleck."
What the hell is that nightmare?
Because she's so fat.
"We're gonna find Charlie and we're gonna get our shit back, okay?"
"Yeah, I was all right but I always felt that to really play jazz, you had to be black."
And you have what we in the trade call a crazy-ass murderer wall.
She went over there for dinner and they treated her like trash.
It's a fucking classic.
He was a demon.
Can youjust shut up and let me do this?
"Witch.! You brought this plague onus, You damned us all, Connor MacLeod,"
"And this time, I'm going to ejaculate."
"You're shit out of luck on that one, man."
"She called all the time, begging him, pleading, pathetic."
"I'm so sorry, but no fuckin' way."
You are a savage creature.
"You do what you want, but keep that psycho bastard away from me."
The only thing left to avoid is getting stabbed through the heart.
"So, if I don't put a Tobin in jail, be out on my ass by this summer."
You can't fucking sing.
A bitch?
Who'd she have sex with?
He makes me fucking nervous.
What I do with my time is none of your damn business.
Now you tell bloody me.
"Proud of myself? For what? I got my ass kicked, and everyone's pissed off at me."
That's none of your damn business.
Burn your way in.
"Maybe 2,000 years ago, we'd have stoned him to death."
Hah! Bullshit! - We lost him!
I have a traitor in there.
"Good people get fucked, Ray!"
Do not shoot my mom...
I'll go wherever I damn well please.
Damn right he is in trouble.
Now there's only shit left.
What the hell kind of a place is this?
What the hell's your problem ?
We can watch our friend decompose while we wait.
I wish to hell that you didn't have to be part of this. That I could just make it all stop. But I can't.
"Well thank her, you clowns"
Shoot a man right in his heart.
Last week I had sex with twins.
You're a goddamn Superman.
"I know what you stand for, you and your murderous wife."
So I did. I brought my faggoty Casio.
"""a fart on Thomas Putnam! """
Kill her?
Bitch tried to kill me.
"I know what I said, God damn it!"
"Smart ass, you're a smart ass aren't you?"
You just- you just can't let your crap childhood be a pass to shit on everyone else.
"I once heard my own Dad say God pitched a bitch on the day He made the world, and over the years I've come to understand what he meant."
"She's a druggie, Navid."
Or I'll spray you.
"That mobster in my house, eating off of my dishes."
I'm a boor - at least that's what my wife says.
Get off of me!
Shit! Who's that?
We can spend it with you bitching and moaning or just moaning.
"Sauron will use his puppet, Saruman... ...to destroy the people of Rohan."
"We don't know a damn thing, Matt."
"Stay there till you rot, hunter!"
"No, he's an idiot. But let me know who to put on the Romney bus for a couple of weeks."
I don't need to sleep with someone after every stupid breakup just to prove she's still got it. I...
The sex we had on the floor of your apartment was quite good.
"And they may find you a little, um, trashy."
It's why you don't have no damn partner.
What would be the Natalie Anderson making out with a silly like me?
"But one day, with others so disposed, use them both, and if you can, bring her down and destroy her."
"You have issues with me being gay, I get it."
For me to shut up.
You're eating my bosom!
"But from now on, you got to shut up."
And complicated... and a little bit of a jerk.
"I thought there was some bird crap on my rear view mirror, but now I can see it was just your face."
"Vagdmission received, Bo-Bo!"
"Believe me, When I founded my company ... I did not nail to scratching my ass."
And then you'd have some garbage to land on.
You better get the hell outta here.
So when you ask people about fucking illegal stuff... it has a certain patina to it.
Sucks about Sofer not letting you take a run at our killer.
What does hefucking do?
"You plague, bother, and save, and all of a sudden you're dead."
"In case you hadn't noticed, I just saved your ass."
Your girl and that butcher's boy attacked my son.
How the fuck do I get out of--
You massacred a very distinguished guest.
The bullet that struck you was meant for me.
How'd you like it if I cut you off?
Maybe he can talk me out of suing your asses.
I'm not fuckin' with you!
I fucking told you he'd come.
"Dude. Dude, be careful where you point that fucking thing."
"So quit your whining, my little superstars... ...because I'm going to lay down something extra special."
"But for a party this size, you really should have ordered two ""damn, that's too much pizza"" pizzas."
There will be poor always pathetically struggling
What the hell could do that?
I believe an ounce of that would literally kill me.
"If he disregards this command, he shall suffer the same fate as my father, only I don't need a servant to do my beheading for me."
Little sleepyhead.
She hates my ass.
You're a menace.
The whole damn thing's pretty conventional now.
"I'm begging you, don't do anything foolish."
"Laney Boggs, get your cute butt down here !"
"""Ze station - where you brought the other sbecial ones."""
How the hell did you know?
Slam the door when you leave!
"Sheriff, you want to tell us what the hell this is really about?"
What kind of dicks you like?
You wanna die early?
"Hey, David, get back down here, get a mop and clean this crap up!"
Or I'll have your stigmata removed with a blowtorch before I wish you safe journey.
"Whipple said bullshit, there's not a group you can identify that has more than three comets in it."
Fat!
Probably still a prick Fortunately for you though your mom is like the greatest So you had some bad luck and some good luck You mind if I ask you a personal question?
(VACUUM CLEANERS BEEP) (SUCKING)
You seem pretty fucked up to me.
Shooting may be more humane.
I ripped your heart out.
What the hell was that?
"If you don't, they'll bury you in Austin."
"Stop. ""Suggestion contained item six doubleplus ridiculous verging crimethink... ""Cancel, stop."
"""Your daughter is a very sick little girl."""
'Are you shitting me?' Tony Schoondist asked.
"Why don't you just leave him the fuck alone, yeah?"
Get the hell out.
For a woman schooled in telling a man what he wants to hear... you ain't much of a liar.
Digger.
"No, I don't mean, like... like people would pay to have sex with you."
Did you have sex with Emma?
"I mean, I think we need to be constructive... ...and I know what I've done is really stupid... ...and I know it hurts you a lot."
What do you want me to do... kill him?
Stop breathing down my fucking ear!
The rectum.
"No, the cops won't give this freak what he deserves."
This is so sick. - Damn.
Damn good work.
"The Asians conquered and killed, subdued, pushed them back south from whatever northern territories they might have explored."
"Around the last stall came a shepherd bitch, lean and long, with heavy, hanging dugs."
"You can't tell me a damn thing about him? Here you go, Mike."
I'm not fuckin` stickin` my hand in there.
"For missing the target from there, you want bloody shooting!"
"If eating is what this man lives for, we should put him out of his misery."
Agnes's left hand snatched it and poured it down her throat.
"And like all rotten bastards... ...when they become old,they get lonely."
"No, they'll dissect her."
by kissing a man.
'But you know what Black Holes are like...'
"Harold beat you, loser."
They're coming out of the goddamn walls in swarms!
"This is gonna be the motherfucker. Behind me is the Grizzly Sanctuary, and also hidden below is my camp."
"Damn it, Molina. Stop running my life for me!"
You're gonna be stuck in this dump for the rest of your life.
"You get the boy to give up Gazelle, or I'm closing shop on your tweaker ass, and I'm taking you down fuckin' hard."
You are now the last person who will ever live.
"Poison, hanging, a dagger to my heart."
"Then why don't you, short arse?"
"Look, Charlie, 100 milligrams is not gonna turn you into a skag hag, all right?"
The girl is nuts as her.
To have sex with me? Yeah.
"What are you looking at, pig?"
"What's up, jerks?"
Black people... I know I have said some terrible things about you in print. But I come here today on a mission of peace.
"Hey, you try not getting involved... ...with a partner who saves your life, then nuzzles your crotch."
I'm tired of being a human pincushion.
I wouldn't waste that on a broke-dick dog.
You think I'm stupid?
"Tormented as Bothari. May be as mad."""
I'm gonna shoot you.
"I'm so scared my bones are clicking, like dice on a Reno crap table."
"I ain't shitting you, man. Okay."
"The last thing I want is Marla moving in, one piece of crap at a time."
It'il kill you.
Growing concerns of a wide spread-outrage of a global digital network... That confirms rumour of a new computer super virus. Shit!
"Um, it's a search and rescue operation in which no one is going to be rescued because Michael Phelps with an outboard motor on his ass couldn't outswim that fire, and you're letting a guy who you just met and a woman who-- I don't know what the hell-- spin this into the end of the world."
Swarek and Oliver... They can get their own damn wood.
"God damn, you got rocked!"
I'll tell you something. I'm gonna fucking thank you.
"God damn you, Chaplin! What are you trying to do to me?"
Who knew you were so fucking thoughtful?
It gets you the death penalty in this state.
Little Miss Mental illness of 2-0-0-1.
"I'll give you 5.000 liras, dear... ...if you'll fuck off!"
"Yes, giving birth is a bitch, all right, because that pain is what gives it meaning."
"You'll be a damn sight more comfortable than sleeping on the deck."""
Get rid of them!
The thought of you with another woman drives me insane.
"Damn, this is crazy."
"Scoundrel!"" cried the Colonel."
Do me a fuckin' favor!
Just who the hell are you?
All right! Let's go screw some sheep!
"Let them be destroyed, and you'il be framed for murder... ...and lose sympathy back home."
I never thought you were stupid.
"Alec, you're a real brain."
I want you to do this drug.
The fuck else do you wanna do?
By building more walls and hanging more whores?
They'll rip his fucking face apart.
Everything had been organised for the Professor to swallow every last drop of my piss.
Jade Fox will die on its edge.
This is a great example of what garbage is.
It's loathsome.
"Well, it's what everyone says, she's a junkie."
Stop pooping guys.
It was your people who killed him.
"I haven't talked to him yet, but Pap is going to raise pure fucking hell about this one, and you can bet on it,"" the Vice President informed his Boss."
Just one more piece-of-shit human scum.
He's gonna punch me in the belly.
He fucks and she comes hours later.
And they stuck me all the way in the back of the plane where the wheels come down right under your damn feet.
"Because you're Tommy's man, and yet here you are involved with trying to kill him."
What're we supposed to do call the police and have him shipped back to Mexico like some animal!
Transplant her.
You little pussies.
"Walter, we didn't make the fuckin' hand... off."
"We are swimming in that pool, bitches."
The aroma of fresh flowers and all that other stuff that hasn't been fucked up by late nights and a lot of bad food.
We probably blew the shit out of their main water supply last night.
Or maybe if you hadn't fucked with our thing. Maybe if you had just stayed home and not tried to force yourself into every little aspect of his life my best friend wouldn't be dead right now.
I shudder to remember the bastard I was before I met Morraine.
"If I still have them, they're probably in the junk box."
"Damn, I'm not getting a smoke signal here."
It's my fucking gun!
"""They'll kill anything that moves, and your own army's here in Darshiva."""
"Your cheapness, your smug arrogance and your address."
I've got a fucking baby!
"Hey, why the hell do you guys still have your clothes on?"
You both kill to suit yourselves.
What the hell... You can't barge in like this!
Fucking leave me alone.
"His ignorance had started to dig into him recently, because it kept him from making the moves he needed to make."
You're such a loser! She's too hot for you anyway!
"Nah, I'm just screwing with you."
She got me locked up in a damn cage.
"Hey, hey, where'd you get those shoes, Losers ""R"" Us?"
There were 20 workers raising their hands for two jobs to pick trash-- garbage.
"I know it may sound ridiculous, but I know that she can."
"Then, when hunger in the taiga, kill ""beast"" and eat the whole way."
Execution here... ...Wild West over there
He only bangs you when he's bored.
"Any image that appears on your far right will only be seen by your left brain, and any image on your far left will only be seen by your right brain."
"Got breakfast there and you still eatin' goddamn lunch, man."
"Set aside the feverish, homeless cannibal... ...I'm living the dream."
I'm fucking going through a lot of shit right now.
"I know, you're all full of Poe, up to your creepy eyeballs in ""Nevermore"" and crap, but-- but--but..."
"So then Miles, God bless him, he walks right into the fucking Creative Director's office and he says,"
"Cheerleading, school president... Stop being childish."
"Are you radioactive, homie?"
"But the thing was struggling too hard and fucking Jonesy was just standing there with that roll of friction tape in his hand and his jaw dropped, and goddam if he didn't look like Duddits, dumb as a stone boat and never going to improve."
And I just lost my best friend in the whole world because I fucked her old man.
"It's not a real monkey, it's a dummy."
I saw him kill half a dozen fascists in one afternoon.
"There is only one way to win, and it ain't by killing that thing in there."
It is a shithole.
Death! I won't let this tribe go to war.
You can dump me.
You better get your ass back out there.
She was a tough old hag.
I'll teach youto cut off me hand!
Shot the tail off the cuss With a fox-shooting gun
Don't even know why I kept it because it's basically nonsense.
"God damn it, Preston, we're gonna finish this film for Herb."
We totally kicked butt!
"Crap, I can't let Marla find Choo Choo first."
You took money from our client's competitors to trump up your bullshit suit.
Why don't you take your stupid little...?
... Tutsi cockroaches who try to run from justice.
"Chopper's fucked for good, two men missing."
Get that gun out of my face!
He's gonna be called the goddamn Phone Book Killer.
And I use that suggestion to fuck them someplace very uncomfortable.
Your wicked tongue.
Why the hell should I believe you now?
Half the time he seems intent on letting me hang myself with treasonous arroganceor so it must seem to the audience.
I should think you'd go crazy.
"Save it, fool! Crips ain't our brothers!"
Black licorice!
"Army of the damned, prepare to board heaven."
It's gonna have full booze bars and dirty old men
"Why can't you get ugly, Brick?"
"Since he was flying tourist class all the way, the seats weren't gonna be that comfortable, but pretty soon he wouldn't have to be fooling with this crap anymore, and he could fly first class if he felt like it."
"""Damn."
You said I wasted my time on trash like True Confessions.
Where the fuck have you been?!
The crap I do for this family.
The story of Isaac the fornicator is a holy one.
"For a family who don't know a jackass from a mule, you know about the West."
"We throw her inside, and we realize, we got us Emma fuckin' Ward."
"Now, last week... ...I see her ass standing on the corner two blocks from here... ...and it invades my brain."
"Max, what did you get so crazy for?"
Not bad for a nutty professor.
That's why we hired the drunken bum.
Can't believe we survived 100 years just so we could slaughter each other.
And I was fucked up on Jaeger and Nyquil.
I have sex when necessary and then otherwise just pretty much avoid the whole thing.
To Western whores?
What the hell is going on?
"If I go out, somebody will attack me, eat me alive and spin me in its web?"
"It's a frigging dungeon, alan."
Fuck. Would you get me some water?
This planet's unfiltered air smelled like rotten eggs.
"The two Fremen youths scuttled like beetles, but the threat of the troops might cause them to turn around and surrender . . . or better yet, fight like cornered rats."
"If a client gets an offer, you fucking bring it to them!"
"If you order me to kill them, please promote me to superintendent here and now and obtain our lord's promise to increase my fief to 500 koku, according to clan rules."
"""Tell him to kiss my ass while you're at it."""
Is all this shit free?
Fucking joke.
It's just some sick game you're playing!
Julia what the fuck did you say about me on the radio?
"Oh, hey, I got a new laptop for college. Thought you might want the old one. Hot damn, buddy!"
"What I do give a shit about are our bigger plans, which do not need a federal marshal snooping around!"
"Maybe, but tomorrow I'll still be alive, and fucking rich."
You don't...Get...Sick.
"I was still trying to dislodge the stupid feeling of suspicion, and I couldn't concentrate."
"Fuck! - Shoot him, Bible!"
"Thanks, midget. Shocking report."
"It's to die for, and then be reincarnated, and then die for again."
Does PG&E pay you to cover their ass?
"Oh, no, he's already married. His husband is the bomb."
And you and your tales of old-timers don't mean a whiff of cow dung... ...because you never had the guts to do it.
Chaplin's insane.
Because I'm trying not to be a fool.
You know that dork from high school?
Bloody disgrace.
Don't make me show you crazy.
It's incredible stupidity...
"And if I have to come back here for any more of this stalker crap, you're gonna find yourself walking out of your classroom wearing handcuffs."
"Oh, shit."
"Please, don't make me feel any more stupid."
"We are talking about my goddamn survival, Mike."
"Gay, we're here."
Who gives a fuck for the dead?
"Of course t's easy for you to defend those freaks, you weren't n the canteen when they were chasing people around with guns!"
"Oh, I'd love to see your ass with a paddle, bouncing through a class-four rapid."
"I went in and met him, and he was awful. He was just... awful."
"He could feel the muck closing around his legs, numbing like a witch's embrace."
How the hell do you know anything about yoga?
"Your name is Dumb Bitch, too?"
"If one of you so much as touches a hair on my head,.. ..Mr Mobbi will raze this camp to the ground."
You and your f...
Are you some type of black or Spanish?
He looks like hell.
"""I'll skin those tattoos off you and hang them on my wall."""
Even when it's pigs blood?
That's kind of a heavy fucking situation.
"I'm a research strategist. Well, fuck me."
You have no fucking right.
"Bear in mind, as you swill your ale and tell your filthy tales, -"
The loser would buy dinner.
Probably South African disposables.
"Clara, let's have these filthy clothes off him."
I'll make a fire for you.
Rincewind nodded stupidly.
Phipps stared at it stupidly for a moment.
The safe place is behind Mississippi when he shoots that thing.
"Oh, I'd have to make up stories of a severe mental illness."
"But, you know, I think it's really important sometimes to try and connect with our fans... in the shitty areas too."
You promised never to ask any questions. Who the fuck with?
Or five immigrants have to die.
He crossed the line and I almost hit him in the head with a lamp.
I´ll puke in the car.
I fuckin' hear some shit out here.
"But that doesn't mean to say I'm flirting with anyone, for fuck's sake!"
"""They're a devil for excusing themselves on the carpet."""
"To build a bomb, Sam."
Don't throw it all away just because some lunatic wants to throw her back in a cage.
She's sick and weak.
You don't even know the name of your own goddamn boss.
I shot the woman.
I always knew this shit was real.
You're gonna get us shot.
Trash not supported
You can't do a damn thing with him when he's drunk.
Here. Get rid of her. Don't do that to a woman.
"We're gonna fucking starve to death, Mickey."
You're gonna get yourself in deep shit.
Who do you think will see you in this dump?
"It was damn poor visibility from where I stood, so I could not see a damn thing."
"Billy took his pecker out, there in the prison night, and peed and peed on the ground."
"I don't mind your dirty underthings in public. I do, but I'm reconciled to it. You've moved into your own fantasy world!"
"I'm gonna hurt you, Swoff."
Shit I forgot to mark time.«
"Honey, that makes me kind of sad, cos you used to love my bullshit lectures."
"Look, if we ever had an excuse for once to have our place look like shit, it's now."
Shut that baby up!
Let's get the fuck out of here.
She said she laughed her ass off.
Holy shit! ...My feet can't f ail me now ...
There's always one wanker who faffs around and leaves everyone else to pick up the slack.
This Cave can kill you in a heartbeat.
"I don't know the last time you checked, but as of this morning all 200 of my plaintiffs are staying with me. Bullshit."
And Dragosani forgot that it was the lying sigh of a vampire.
"I ask you, whether such dishonest and treacherous sons could ever have had an honest mother!"
"If I'm so crap, why did you give me the job?"
"Stop, you tit."
"Mother told me that Dad, the oldest of five children, had practically raised his mentally retarded brother."
"We're all hungry, Ronnie, that's why we put the fucking plan in place."
So naked guy's not hot?
"Wow. Well, no wonder you're upset that Melanie made you fat."
I'm a goddamn citizen.
Not misogynist with tourette's dirty.
"Another man tried to restrain him, but the Chinese executed a perfect kung fu move, sending the interloper to the floor with a crushing kick to the chest."
I will take his revenge!
"You said I'd save lives, right, and that includes my people... you Brit bastard!"
Damn you! Clear the way!
"“Fuck off!” she cried, and batted it away."
They knew only the cocky or foolhardy would dare attempt the climb.
The only thing she can do is try and hang the whole thing on you.
Just be damned cautious.
I did do something foolish.
He's going to need another liver. Fuck.
"Mayor, I will afterwards get the chance to see you disemboweled at Tyburn!"
"I missed the name, sir, but I can aver as a general principle... my days of fucking anyone are long in the past... whomever you represent."
Why didn't I just tell them that my brother was a cretin - - and my dad was rotting away in a dump in Lolland?
My money I'm sayin' this shit's real unprofessional.
"This time the jerk was nerve-racking in its violence, and the torsional oscillations took much longer to die out."
Fuck you.
'Damn right!'
"The last solid memory I have was drinking some green, glowy shit from a test tube and dancing like a bastard."
And didn't help us fucking get him?
Or he was beginning to hanker for a brain sandwich.
"""It ain't fair,"" that voice yelled, ""this wa'ant in the deal, he's supposed to be dead, god-dammit, dead!"""
You guys are terrible.
I don't mean to hang you up or anything but... I'm getting the fuck out of here.
They won't fucking leave me alone until I go out and...
Do you still think armpit farts are funny?
"Damn, I can't believe it."
"""How did I end up out here with this bunch of losers?"" Right?"
Somebody's gonna be killed.
"Blackish scum laced its waters, and its clear silver color had turned murky."
Attacking Karas's true body was dirty!
To all the infidels of everything The Muslim earth.
"These kids have worked their fingers to the bone just to play one song for you, so sit down, shut up and listen!"
Do you ever get the feeling that he enjoys being smacked in the head?
The troll saluted with the hand that still held the D'reg.
Me blathering away like a fool.
"Damn, you know... ...that's the problem in this goddang world."
The goddamn producer wants more of a name.
Dude. I'm not gay for you.
"Nah, I don't wanna put any American dogs outta work."
"Kill the chancellor. Clarke: That's why you took the wristbands, you needed everyone to think we're dead."
A federal fuck-up of epic proportions.
"Your closest neighbor is my brother Harald... ...another Nazi, if you can believe."
Manya is a criminal and the world knows that.
For if the Jew do cut but deep enough I'll pay it instantly with all my heart.
Her driver a small grey-coated gnat Not so big as a round little worm Prick'd from the lazy finger of a maid.
"Penny. -You need to drop This ryan hardy nonsense, t."
Your men did kill Kirk's son.
Look at these bullshit numbers.
"Yeah, remember sexual predator Matthew Hoffman in 2010?"
"The only request I refused was a T-shirt that said DCAK on the front and Keep on living, fuckers across the back."
He's another poor schmuck who cheated on his wife.
It looks exactly like a boy penis.
It's hard to imagine you making a fool of yourself.
Remove them.
"Drop the gun, or Kissa will taste him before your eyes."""
"Okay, I want everyone from the subway and from that market killing... -...I want them all brought in again."
"Oh, yeah, you like it nasty, don't you?"
Calls me the fucking devil.
"Well, it is dried rhino penis. Yeah."
And someone who hires hookers is not exactly the monogamous type.
"You are weird, and I'm going home."
"And it's weird too-- these drugs have side effects that go on for fucking days, Like tendency to grow another head."
"You're sitting down there, lying your ass off, to the only people who give a sh... about you..."
Get off him!
Nobody ever gave you any shit.
Flats suck.
Blacks! How he hated them.
It looks like we got ourselves a magic moron.
He was a true fucking soldier.
"You don't want to say a fucking word, don't."
You see any fucking ghosts?
"Nick, you need to see a doctor, if only to make sure that your junk is clean. - I don't go to doctors."
He'd have to be to hang his victims from a hook.
"Damn thing, you know, a person just don't know from one day to the next which one's gonna be their last."
"I'll move it down to-- - That one's taken, too, silly straw."
"What's the point of living if I can't say ""ass""?"
Cherokee Kisum... ...was one wild as hell woman.
Since kids we like Butch and Sundance. Outlaw niggas.
Let's go burn down the observatory so this'll never happen again.
Hit a man when his back is turned.
"Never come back, you swine!"
"But, uh, wait... 48% of those are already in relationships, and then you have to eliminate half for intelligence, sense of humor and compatibility, and then you have to take out the ex-girlfriends and the relatives, and, oh, we can't forget those lesbians."
"Which at this point is the be-all, end-all of hypocrisy, because I am the lieutenant of fucking Homicide, and I have already helped you cover up two murders."
"Gives me indigestion, just like you."
"Er, less fucking and more attention please."
Thou must taketh me to the seedling of Satan so mine eyes can confirm the wretched truth.
Get off of me!
He ain't buying shit from me.
I don't want to miss my cue - I'm to slit some people's throats!
"Oh, that's fuckin' great."
"Now, why did you have to go and kill that maenad?"
"All right, just take your bath and all that stuff, and then burn those sheets."
I have seen you both naked a hundred times!
"Don't you know thatwitches secretly smear themselves with spittle, so that we might believe it to be tears?"""
Put them in the jail cell!
"This is… This is a sick fucking world we live in, I'll tell you that."
"Ain't no brothers on that jury out there, fucker."
"Look, Faber, we all come from some kind of crap."
I deserved my licks?
What the fuck does that mean?
"I'm excited too, but let's not touch dicks, all right?"
"It's crap, men in dresses."
You're a weird duck.
Stay away from my cape or I'll slash you into a thousand bits!
Thanks. You were saying my head is jammed up my ass.
It's useless.
How dare you walk away from me when I'm being a world-class jerk to you?
"May 13, 1865, sergeant Crocker, a negro... ...is the last soldier to die in the Civil War."
And I'd be nailing her.
"They must be shot by Tang's secret weapons, the Killing Shower."
"Way I remember it albatross was a ship's good luck, till some idiot killed it."
"And Mommy's got nothing to do this afternoon, so I'm gonna bake some damn brownies so we can all freak out."
Did anyone ever tell you you're a moron?
“Then what the bloody shuck did she mean by sayin’ she triggered something?”
We're lucky we have one right here. - Screw you.
"The piece of shit had a radio, but nothing happened when he turned it on."
"If we see cops, your sister dies."
I wrote a kickass song.
"I mean, I always knew I had a psychic gift, but this is damn spooky."
Rabies people.
Every time you want to kill someone...
What a damn shame!
Sagittarons who let that murderer treat them.
"And if it gets to your stomachs, go crap in your own toilets!"
"You want me to carry a camera with me at all times, no matter where I go, find girls whose last names start with specific letters of the alphabet, have sex with them, and either talk them into letting me take their picture, or if they're not into it wait around till they've fallen asleep, then very quietly take a picture of them without waking them up, and then bring the picture back here as proof for you strugglers"
W-What the hell?!
"Ford Capri, 2 liters laser... it's fucking fast."
"Only after extracting the last exquisite ounce of agony... ...only when he had them literally begging for death, would he finally... ...kill them."
Get off of me !
# Drown me in a milky sea Love all over me #
And he beat Eugene in the head with it.
"Guess if I was gonna... call anybody, it'd be that piece of shit son of hers that nobody's seen or heard from in three years."
Fuck the cab.
Go fight the Spanish.
"""The only way to end this is to be brutal."
I never understood how anybody so educated could be so dumb.
"Where is my rabbit, loser?"
"Kit, they were fucking."
"Go Matthew, move your ass!"
"It kills me to see you like this, Grace."
Bullshit! You built this ship.
I'm gonna puke!
"Excuse me, I always pray for suicides."
This seizure by the Feds... ...it's Stahl pissing in my mouth for what I did to her.
"Film Fools in the Mountain/ Fjols til fjells (komedie, NO, Edith Carlmar, 1957)"
"'He'll be there in his fancy wheelchair, laughing and clapping and sucking his damned old oxygen every fifteen minutes or so.'"
"In his own fucking bed, Christ!"
"If it was me, I'd have some kind of backup plan, something more than just bullshit to fall back on."
"Hey dog, don't cry for that motherfucker because, WOW!"
What a dirty rotten trick of fate!
That's because you've been shot. Crybaby.
"And the last thing that the killer ever saw was the Quaker take out a cut-throat razor, put it to his own throat, and slice."
They're gonna lie throughtheir lying little chemical teeth.
"It's a parasite, and when it starts to leave one body for the next... ...not gonna gag here, but the first one goes gerploohy."
Montoya nodded grimly and reached for a scalpel.
Tight-Ass pants.
"I want you to go see him at Paramount, get down on your hands and knees, and give him the best blow job his life!"
I want you and your people gone.
"Mordecai... someday soon someone's going to step on your scrawny neck, you lizard."
"I mean, you look miserable, but not bad."
Mister Fucking Happy!
Is this night going to end with me having sex with a horse?
"Baby, let me bang your box"
"Bet you all the money I have, the day he left, he took one look at that box, knew what was inside, and said, ""Fuck this,"" and took off."
Turk's voice: As soon as I heard the fucking Russian didn't die I knew things would never be the same.
I can see it through a bullet hole.
"Wash your filthy hands, boys."
"Do you think, I'm fucking up with you?"
You mean till she's dead.
"'He is an arrogant man,' snapped Aric."
"Don't make a fool of me, sir."
Your butt's the weird one.
"It goes all over his hair, trickles down his neck. Some gets in his eye. He went nuts..."
Who the fuck are you to spit on this uniform?
Anyone who lives in this disgusting city and leaves their three children alone.
There's just fucking nothing about you that is controversial.
"(Jamie) Fergus, for fuck’s sake!"
Do you mean to tell me that you'd let Dom stay buried out there for a century as a damn fossil for some post-historic nerd to find?
I banged your ex-wife in the shower this morning.
So why don't you stop screwing up?
"I saw him without his pants on, and he has crazy skinny legs, like french fries"
"Well, if you can move the island, why didn't you just Move it before those psychos with guns got here?"
I can imagine there's a long list of friends and family who'd want Garrett dead.
"The last three people who knew, you killed."
"A strange, passionate goofball of a woman."
No one is coming near your toxic property when I tell every broker in New York how you tried to screw me.
The movers told them to shut the hell up or they'd throw all their things in the street.
"""I told you before,"" he said harshly, ""that I don't know a damn thing."
"Hi, loser."
"Real life starts the first time you fuck, kid."
You offer rats nothing except more pain.
I'd just like to kiss a Ferrari.
"I can't cry in front of a girl, God damn it."
"Get on a ferry with a killer, I'd say you were trapped."
"Looming up in front of him with all the inevitability of a tax demand was a sword fight during which, it was beginning to appear, he would have to parry his own wild thrusts and stab himself to death."
"""Fuck Facebook in the face!"""
I will fuck that guy up if I get the chance.
"I'm sorry about that. I just... I got this weird brain where I'm dumb as a stump,"
"He would use prisoners from the royal dungeons as his pieces, and if one of the pieces were captured, he'd have the prisoner beheaded on the spot."
This could be our shot.
All I could think of was that Peter and Becca were going to die in there with me.
You guys have screwed up all night long.
"And with gay marriage, you couldn't even say ""gay marriage."""
Moore: He's not talking about some bullshit stock option.
"She's gonna be sucking her soup through a straw For some time to come now, ain't she?"
The dirty boy in the greasy clothes?
"'Shut your eyes, you daft old woman, and tell me if that isn't Agnes singin',' said Granny."
Shit! How does it go?
Please do me the favor of having sex with me.
There's no relationship between social status and dog blowjobs.
Not my fault that you work for a hospital with crap-thin walls!
"You're looking pooped, kid."
But you don't give a crap about my brother.
"Well, so far, most of the guests at the party don't remember a goddamn thing."
"Right. Say, do you know where Dad... put the papers for his... damn it... what's-it-called?"
I need... I need to wear his stomach skin like a unitard.
"This is what you been doing, Jack? Spy shit?"
"There they are ordinary Moroccans, here they are troublemakers."
I hate this planet.
When He doesn't show up... it's up to you to deal with your own miserable life.
...until they killed everyone.
I gave him the finger.
I am well aware that these doctors here want to lock me up as a lunatic.
Ah. Holy crap.
"Doggone you, Sink."
Gross. ...with a dinner party.
"With what I got from Kirsch, I can knock your plans to hell!"
"""You little scum, I bet you don't even know how,"" Sissy said."
"“Sheriff, I'm afraid my client did a stupid thing.”"
"What the hell would I see in you, man? Oh, Katrine..."
We're a bloody joke!
"Hitler's on the run, the Soviets will soon trample him like a rat."
The White Knight rode by on his sorry white nag.
I know what you're thinking. You were thinking about your bloody holiday.
"'I could shoot it through der head wid my bow, Mr Vimes,' said Detritus, flourishing his converted siege weapon."
"You brat, where have you been?"
Sometimes they put a little sauce into it and they bash their heads.
Blow up the school and the game's over!
"Goddamn it, everybody got to know about Dr. Satan."
The Turks kicked ass leaving 200 French knights dead or dying in a raging blizzard.
Now he could damn well lose his temper and quit.
Right there. ...when they shot her like an animal.
"""For God's sake, I'll buy you a piece of ass when we get to Manticore; leave the bint."""
You can kick it with Jen.
It was useless. High Horse tried everything to have that girl.
"It is a sad place, a soft place, a place for weaklings and eunuchs and fat sobbing shadows of men."""
"Because they made f-fun of Muslims, and... and that's wrong."
The whole damn universe tells you.
"Mr O'Malley, I think you should be the rear end."
"You're a popsicle, yes."
But don't forget who it was that you came to two years ago to cover your ass.
"I said, fuck off, Martin."
Hurry up with that bloody ammo!
"You know, fuck this movie, E."
"Yeah, got his mother's brains on him."
"You're a fucking star, and you're gonna be playing your one-man show nightly... for the next two fuckin' years for a captive audience!"
"And when strings had to be pulled to save his ass, after the Pastore killings, these were the people pulling them.”"
"When the day comes, when we find red john, I'm gonna be there to stop you from doing anything foolish."
"You pissed these guys off, somehow. They were ready to kill you when I happened to walk in?"
"Get someone here now,goddamn it!"
You gotta be out of your skull to live in a hole like that!
I was a loser for four years! You couldn't handle it for five minutes!
Fuck!
Lie down and shut up!
Their penalty killing is dead.
He's that farmer that grows really crappy weed.
The only reason I'm still shacked up in this dump motel With you is for your freaky witch encyclopedia brain.
We'll count to three and then shoot.
He tried to kill me.
I got a lot of emotional baggage and shit that I've been dealing with lately so...
"I was going to last night... but then I looked in her eyes, and I realized how rare... it is to meet someone who's actually willing to have sex with me."
I felt like I'd put down the big bag of bullshit for a while.
You guys are zero fun.
She beggedfor her life andfor her baby's life. Shut up!
"Blast, what the devil do children draw?"
Started beating the crap out of him.
"Damn, I wish Rick were here."
A nuclear bomb.
"Don't put me in the fucking middle, Joanie."
"Okay, okay! Fuck!"
What the fuck you doing here?
Don't you want me to lick your balls first?
A lot better than having a hole in your guts.
I can cum to your soup!
"Just eat it. Shit, enjoy it."
"You know how Walter call you his white daddy, because every time he step in shit, you there to get him out of trouble?"
If I forgot your silly birthday Would you fuss?
She'il bitch about global warming.
"You'd tell me if your penis started turning purple again, right?"
And now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die.
"""Ridiculous, Speaker Gendibal."
Hell Hunt's so lame.
is Mary a total goon?
"Death to the dictatorship."""
You were a spoiled child.
Somebody's gonna drown.
"God, I'm such a loser."
"When she had pushed off with her left heel just now, she had shoved with all the enthusiasm of total, ass-freezing panic."
"I don't know who the hell you are, but don't joke about it."
It stinks of meat.
Menelaus will kill him.
You get one shot.
"Now, you can luxuriate in a nice jail cell... ...but if your hand touches metal... ...I swear by my pretty floral bonnet,I will end you."
Are we gonna shoot some real seagulls with real guns?
"By the end of today, either that fucking moolie or me is gonna be in a body bag."
It's tiring to kill a man.
I give you the death of Snake Plissken!
Shut up!
"Sooner or later, he was going to shoot the wrong way or blow himself and everything around him into bloody pieces."
"Grayson missiles were slow, short-legged, and myopic."
"It was being thrashed for the sin of hunger, abused for the curse of loneliness, tormented for being a bastard, and despised for being an orphan."
I know that bitch. I don't understand why you keep someone around your business and you can't even trust 'em.
"""attack the victim named above with a sharp blade."
Can you tell me where I might find the raddest fucking dude alive?
Not with his boot on my throat and his partner kicking me.
"""What kind of world is it going to be where every damn kid wears a WormCam on her wrist?"""
"If you attempt to leave the residence a radio frequency transmitter will send an alert, and you will be in deep shit."
"He was Wamphyri, and his mind was full of murder!"
"Why on earth would I stab an employee with a Roman dagger worth $75,000."
Damn shame.
"My one friend and I'm all alone and it just sucks, mom."
Any officers who resist will be arrested or shot.
Are you trying to have sex with me in the library?
Using his family as human shields. - are you out of your fucking mind?
"(Look, John loves you very much, more than anything in the world, and he's falling to fucking pieces without you."
Mom still cries when she sees a tilt-a-whirl... or a fat lady in a tube top.
"Just fucking sell it, Derek."
"I mean, every day in America some guy snaps and kills his girlfriend."
I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel...
I was always wondering what guys like you all locked up in apartments reading and shit.
"# Baby, are you ready to lick me sexy? #"
"That's ""met his match""... ...and ""kicked his ass."""
"Told you. You're paranoid, man."
What it means is he's a schlub just like the rest of us.
I will switch off my phone and youwill explain to your partner why you ordered him dead
I'm gonna buy from you at the price you paying... and I'll let you walk that shit in the towers.
"Every time I pee, it stings like a son of a bitch."
What the fuck is that?
Four tits fits the machine.
"When my men arrive, I'll take care of these Campbell bastards meself, all right?"
"Some asshole thought it would be a good idea to have this meeting... ...at Joe Barbara 's farm, up in the country, nice and quiet."
"Any of you feel otherwise, any of you want to wash yourselves out, well, Negro, please do so, and I'll have you on the next thing smoking back home to make room for the men who want to stand and fight."
"I'm a very good lawyer, so you might as well just cut my daughter loose right now."
Because my band sucked.
We had sex. Started fighting about Peaches.
This marital enthusiasm was a damned contagious disease.
Accept her stinky kisses And then go out and play
You need more hearts... to keep your human skin from rotting.
"'Cause I'm giving this presentation, and I was, like, schvitzing like a Russian gangster."
I was gonna thump him!
"Go ahead, hang it."
What does she see in that parasite?
Sadistic crap legitimized by florid prose.
This is mentally challenged.
Damn. It's my niece.
Shit! What are you talking about?
I don’t even know where the hell you live.”
Hitting me in the nose with a golf club?
You still come out this... goofball romantic.
Get off of me!
Could you please knock off the fucking?
"Very well, I will pay your price for this slave girl."
"Oh, kinky."
HOT APPETIZERS
Another reminder that I got life by the balls.
"They were sure your unit would have the highest kill ratio in the whole God damn offensive, and they were right- you did- except not the way they thought."
"Irina was such a helpless, fucking baby."
"And they have the aid of those black things that command them..."""
"They were idolised and treated as leaders; their opinions were sought on everything and they took themselves just as seriously - after all, if an athlete is paid a million or more a year, he knows he is important... so his opinions on foreign affairs and domestic policies must be important, too, even though he proves himself to be both ignorant and subliterate every time he opens his mouth."
That's complete bullshit.
"Holy shit, what's with the blood?"
What the fuck are you talking about?!
Give me a fucking signal.
"I could hit a grenade with the bat, but only if you put it on a tee."
Okay. Why don't you tell me what the fuck the deal is?
So don't freak if I take a while to hit you back.
"Oh! Damn, son, you always were a size!"
"If you hurt Clay, I swear I will make you live to regret it."
"You crush them, crush them..."
"Uncle Kolya points the gun at him: ""I'll kill you""."
"Child, if I was 40 years younger and able to walk down the street without trippin' over my own breasts, yes, I'd take him on."
"And your ducks and geese, get the whole bloody farm in!"
Somebody kill a toaster?
Act like a man. Don't be a wuss.
"You still need that $200, Dan? Shut up"
Ugly.
Sal Valestra. Your angel of death awaits.
Fucking... No!
Why practice if our coach thinks we suck?
You had plenty of time to try and kill me.
"Well, I saw him and it's me and it's fucking horrible!"
"During a normal full moon, a wolf bite will kill you."
"But if you can't get your damn dog to shut up, you will."""
And to hell with the French army.
We're going to die!
Who can tell that this mayonnaise dripping freak.. ..is the creative director of a big agency?
"If any of you think you're going to receive special treatment... ...please understand that in this facility,we believe in equality... ...no matter where you come from... ...no matterwho the fuck you think you are... ...you'il all be treated the same."
They'il hate you for it.
Doing in a place like this. doing with a bald old cunt like that?
Put down the fucking window! I'm serious!
Fuckin' quit!
"Oh. Well, okay, like, take my life."
Meryl: TRUMAN! YOU'RE GOING TO BE LATE.
"Man, put this shit down."
Damn hell!
"Oh, damn it. I haven't even introduced myself."
The reason I never lock it... ...is because I can never remember where I put the goddamn key.
I was thinking... maybe I should just drug you and hand you in to him myself.
I am not going let some high school smartass tell me that my work is trite!
"Shut up, Kirk."
"Well, you know, they were going to shoot it today."
Jenny had never seen a more ridiculous costume.
It's pathetic. She never takes her eyes off the screen.
You two are so irresponsible.
"Where's my money, asswipe?"
Whatever the fuck you have... it's very serious.
Very selfish.
"What the hell, preston?"
"Stephen, what the hell is wrong with me?"
"But as it stands, the way you behave, I feel I can speak for the entire office when I tell you go fuck yourself."
Roger's been starting crap all year.
You're fuckin' with me!
"People died of mistakes, the colonel told them every goddamned day, and he was tired of having people die."
Stop this drunken madman!
You're telling me. I want to have sex.
What the hell could you have to offer me?
Get off me.
Justin cracked my fucking knee.
I don't know what kind of shit you pulled at graduation... but this ain't no glamour detail we're on.
"Sure. I feel a little bit like a dick even asking, but I have this cousin, Tommy Fitzgerald."
I killed the moster with my own blade. I plunged it into its heart.
"This is Hector, who the hell is this?"
Eat that face.
"Well, I suck."
One less Rat Man in the world.
They kill them off and then revive them hoping to learn of their afterlife experiences.
Stop talking nonsense.
Isolate him.
"Hey, dude, this game is sick."
"x98 ""You're working with the fucking IRA?"""
"Hot damn, he's on fire."
I don't believe this shit.
Why didn't you want sex with me?
"It's not for everyone, standing there dressed as a peasant woman, completely still while some dunderhead stares and paints and stares and paints."
Will you explain to the lunkhead that it's a no-go?
"William Jagger will tear this island down and burn it, no matter if I am hanged and no matter if he's governor. Then I'll kill him."
"Tell me, Mr. Gardiner... ...have you ever had sex with a man?"
"Turn that fucking thing off, now!"
"Anybody comes up behind us, shoot him."
Why do I keep all this shit?
The fuckin' brats.
"In the market-place they told fortunes for silver, and bought gay beads from the merchants."
Get off me!
He's got his hand on her tit!
"Well, if I had survived an old lady ass-kicking, I'd brag about it."
I want your head on a stake.
Get off of me.
"Oh, don't be silly, of course I am."
Dirty because... ...what he said about Edith or because..?
You shoot him with this?
What the hell....
"""Oh, I forgot to mention I'm familiar with their technology... because I've been having sex with a Cylon for the last two years now."""
"Well, all that dirty touching in his hands and coming all over me..."
The cowardly Quin couldn't be brought to marry... ...from fear of you.
Just keep in mind he's the Son of the Devil.
"The story DeSole heard was that this trash Bourne—that’s not his real name, incidentally—was actually trained by the Agency to pose as an international assassin for the purpose of drawing out a killer they call the Jackal."
No fucking reason to panic?
Like what? - Put the gun in his house and phone the fucking dibble.
"Precious, stop your nonsense."
"Fool, I still thought of myself as a man."
"Been here nine months, I'm still pushing trash."
We've been on this for weeks and had nothing but our asses handed to us.
Pissed-off ex-girlfriendwhose thief father... ...taught her every trick in the book.
That's no fucking proving anything!
"And I remember thinking, maybe if I can slap her on the back or something to wake her up."
I called your Uncle Marty. He said all the women in your family have teeny tiny vaginae.
You don't know a damn thing about me.
"You might as well be making it with a rubber fuck doll, because she'd be giving you more emotionally than you'd ever get from me."
"I punch bad guys, and I kiss girls."
I brought you in on this 'cause you had brains and balls.
You always do shit like that.
Dwayne didn't tell me his boss was such a bad-ass.
"Some want to kill it, others, like you have their principles. And I see the third way."
"And we'll call it ""must shit tv""."
For your information... I never fuck the wrong guy.
You trying to take my fucking money!
"Hate me, Oh, you hate me,John!"
"He was fat, my neighbor Renny."
Even if it's like punching your mother in the stomach.
"Speak up, dirty servant!"
"""This is ridiculous."
Typical Hollywood jerk.
Rich and poor disgust me. The middle-class exasperate me.
"Step aside, hormonal female."
Bad rabbi's girlfriend.
"Or in your case, the lying king."
"Shut up, Deco!"
Fucking 20 Gs.
"Frock, the old devil, was ex­pecting it, but I wasn’t."
Their manners were repulsive and ugly.
"There's, uh, two women fucking a polar bear."
"Why, because you're jamming up white defendants, sending them to prison as fast as you can, in order to balance the stats?"
There's enough C-4 in that vest to vaporize everybody in here.
Gerson's been taking credit for my work since '58... ...when he replaced my ass with a monkey.
"Dude, do you think that I like having whatever-the-fuck this kind of salad is, this salad dressing, extra ranch?"
"It's horrible eating scraps... ...dropping my waste everywhere,like an animal."
She looks like a mean child.
You know you can't say that shit around here. Trust me... No.
Sell my fucking kidneys?
"You want to get Capone? Here's how you get him. He pulls a knife, you pull a gun."
You and I are social exiles.
"I'm leaving for five minutes, by which time... ...that disgusting objecthad better be removed!"
He has the eyes of a gun shooter.
"Jesus, fuck, you scared me."
I have no fucking idea.
That is one tough monkey.
"Don't tie me up tonight, goddamn it!"
That old drunkard Mouna Rudo really can't take it any more?
Those men are violent. All they know is violence.
Who else is gonna sew the bullet holes in your coats when you get shot.
"Oh, save your pathetic bedside manner for your new, presumably temporary, girlfriend!"
You French tart.
"I'll let the whole gang screw me, and you can watch."
"I'll show the black ones fire that will truly burn!"""
"The way you've been, you're fucking scaring me."
"She said it burned, it made her smell like a Puerto Rican, but you're good now."
You are bigger than a woman.
"Well, maybe if you stopped fucking her and started teaching her, we all might be better off, including her."
"But the longer we sit here, the more she lies and rots!"
"Single gunshot wound to the head, obviously self-inflicted."
"You're a cruel mind, Jack Sparrow."
I wasn't afforded that luxury when you sucker punched me.
Shoot me a number.
"""I don't want to hear you murder my tongue."
"And then I'm going to shave my legs, like all those ladies on television do."
"I'm not stupid, Ryan! If you didn't have something going on, you'd be back upstairs cracking the whip, trying to find Mike."
And your cream custard has the texture of cat's vomit.
Who told you that goddamn lie?
"Like me, happy to be away from eight. Well, he was a fool."
"Kemp provided the innocent assassin from his orphanage, hopelessly blackmailing the highly impressionable Horatio with accusations of illicit sex with you, and threatening you, and destroying your innocent dream of going to America, and because you did not shut up and behave like a good girl, destroying your good looks."
What they're doing is nuts!
"Yeah, he's the freak who lived here before you."
Shut up! With respect Your Majesty.
Get off of me.
I got a backlog of scumbags I'm still trying to put behind bars.
You're walking around like you're hiding an egg between your butt cheeks.
Forget about the shit that happened and do what you're supposed to.
"The practice is screwed, Danny, okay?"
Try explaining that to a Jew.
"Ooh-hoo, welcome to loser town."
Shut up. Cherub to Caligula.
"""Drop your panties, Sir Arthur."
"If looks could kill, I should have been a dead man that day."
I have selected appropriate raiment for you to wear after your bath.'
"Oh, just too many fags, that's all."
Joe Wilson was a shameless self-promoter.
Shit! Where did he get the car?
Look at my hands... They're as black as coal.
If that corpse of a slut is worth dying for
"I took a tactical risk and I woke that bastard up, believing that his superior intelligence could help us protect ourselves from whatever came at us next."
"Silly old me, I didn't even know what 'a ""I mean . . . premature decline in cognition' meant, and neither of them wanted to tell me."
"You know, I thought he would be killed off or something."
She's a sick girl.
"A few days ago you couldn't make a phrase, you sucked."
"What am I, pulp, you motherfucker?!"
"I followed her with the straw basket, my eyes cutting in all directions, ready for Cowboy to leap from nowhere and slaughter both of us."
"""You clowns,"" screamed Hrun, from his perch on Ninereed's foreclaws."
It's hot as balls in here.
"The work was boring and the pay was crap, so the president of the united union of united projection operators independent and united theaters united said it was doing Tyler Durden a chapter favor by giving Tyler the diplomatic shaft."
"And I've never bitch-slapped an Olsen twin, but that does not stop me from dressing like I have."
"Damn it,they're still going in the wrong direction."
"""I was afraid your busy little brain would ftgure that out, given time."
You gotta cut me.
"Your kid's home sick from school, you've got a big Powerpoint presentation to make, your boss is on your ass."
And you're fucking in front of my kid!
"You see, boys, the Fast & Furious franchise has to be written, and filmed, super gay."
They knew... that these things were making women sick!
"Cold fingers, you junkie."
"""Your descendants belong to the whores of the Scattering."
They don't know shit about it.
Trap him!
She's too skinny.
The Rose harbors the ass that shits on my name !
Mark. I need to talk to you about christy cornell's... butt. Okay.
"See, that's the old college Johnson. That's taking-no-shit Johnson."
You have bad taste.
"And by everyone, I mean Mr. Crap Shoes."
They were gonna shoot us on Ventura Boulevard!
I'm losing my fucking mind.
The morning cock has better chance of crowing to such heights.
Want a fool of and deliver it à Chicago police?
Do you think my mother gives a shit?
"Golden had hoped that that was the end of his singing, but the boy went on wandering about with itinerant musicians, ballad-singers and such, learning all their trash."
In a few years I'll be putting a note like that round your neck too.
"Don't fuck with me, Marcos."
Damn.
Is that even in fucking papers anymore?
I got no rights in Canada. - Shit.
It's damn not his girlfriend.
This country is a dump...
Shut up!
We have free porn!
"So tell your old pal, Nicky, where she stashes her shit."
And blow out your heart.
"Gray, I want you to pack up your shit and get it out of the apartment... by the time I get home tonight, because we're done."
I fucked her with a parsnip last week and I sold the parsnip to a family with four small children.
"They were depicted as hags who called you dearie, not exactly a wholesome lot."
"Shit, let them win Daniel!"
Show we won't tolerate this son of gossip?
I just want out of this whole filthy business.
Your heads are shoved so far up your asses you can't see what's right in front of you.
"You stay out of them damn banks, now you hear me?"
"We know, you know, that one of the best ways... for spying on black people is to impersonate TV men."
Turns out that funny smell was rat poison.
Tell me where Splinter is and I promise your demise will be swift.
"God, baseball sluts are so polite."
"You just got out of juvee, and now you're talking about... going out there trying to start some more shit?"
This massive testicle shoots up out of the water and grabs me by the throat.
Shut Up Can I get a copy of that?
You want me to fuck this car?
I want to know what the hell you were thinking going to that event without telling anyone.
Stupid and deadly serious.
"No, Tyrone Power is not a pussy."
"You can either stay shuttered up in your house with your ghosts, feeling sorry for yourself or you can open the damn blinds."
This is horseshit! - And that's the last question
"Oh, I thought you meant that silly French maid costume."
I know this sounds really stupid right now... ...but I just...
You'll need more than that crotch rocket.
"Then, I'll go through every damn one of them if I have to... till I find the one who'll give the order to stop the train"
"Stop fucking with my head, please!"
"Is that your goddamn idea of quick, Charlie?"
I know this sounds stupid... but this isn't about the money.
Kill her. Then get back here. We'll deal with Bauer.
"Ma, he was depressed for months when she found a new guy and dumped him on his ass ... again."
I'd rather chew off my own leg.
Death to Videodrome.
You were lied to. You're sick and your kids are sick because of those lies.
"You know, I, uh, I don't know if that means I'll get weaker or dumber... or smarter."
Go play with your fucking Porsche.
And there won't be any worries for you because I'm so gay!
He'll have sex with guys.
I'm sitting here thinking we finally got a family together here... ...and now it's about to be taken away because they think we're losers.
"I'd blame it on the whole inner animal thing, but it was really just me being an ass."
White people aren't cool anymore.
- Shut up.
It'll burn.
"""Shit,"" Tung hissed suddenly through clenched teeth."
"Her and her, tell 'em to pack their shit and get out of here."
"I guess you’re suggesting that the defendant was being cagey when she asked you to shut off the camera,” Davis said, shrugging her shoulders, sending a nonverbal message to the jury that she thought I was full of crap."
"These are bandidos, man."
Show Mommy how much you love her and cum all over her pretty little face.
"She's a fucking waitress in Buellton, Jack."
"You're gonna burn, baby."
"Goddamn it, Red."
You don't argue with an old pirate like Filipenko.
U-O-Y W-E-R-C-S.
Shit. Looks like he left in a hurry.
Damn! Who took my money?
An archeologistwith a skirt slit to the crotch.
You son of a....
"Take her from her family, put her in an institution, teach her white ways."
"(Marv) You can bet your ass. (Wendy) She was my sister, so I'm in this one to the end. But why are you willing to go up against Roark for someone you barely knew?"
Get off of me!
Now get the hell out of my chair.
"No, but we can find the egg sacs now and cut them out of his body."
You want him to run the damn country one day?
This city is lousy with them!
And she is a mental patient.
Who the hell is he?
"Make no mistake, the zombie is a savage soul... ... with no conscience."
He fuckin' started it!
And we commit her body to the ground.
These women are like deranged-flight-attendant friendly.
"Aah! Oh, no, monkey!"
"""Just a bunch of law crap,"" Link said."
"If you continue to resist arrest, I will Tase you."
So you could make love to her... - And he could then beat her to death.
Take his legs.
It's a story about clowns and she told it six times.
"Damn, I’ve had a wonderful life."
An innocent married to a devil!
"Oh, Riario, your slave girl."
Surely that had broken the miserable creature’s spine.
"If Klaus betrays us,... Hayley will die."
"Please. get rid of her It's bad blood, she will betray you."
The cops are useless.
Foolish thoughts!
I need to punch something.
And then I'll never get my damn money!
What the hell is going on up here?
Total nonsense!
Your mother's like that.
Ray's bloody dead.
Get the hell out of here!
You're a bitch for Shiro Yamaga.
more freaks.
"I wasted so much time hating myself for the stupid mistakes that I made, but the truth is, is that without all of those, I never would have dreamed this to be my future."
Tell this fool to give me a gun.
What the hell's the matter with you?
"Pulling them out of their closets and their stinking little bolt holes screaming and struggling, only to pound a stake into their chest cavities and smash their hearts?"
"So once you're dead, you're out!"
"I mean, I'd wake up every fucking night hearing that mother scream."
A cab driver will pick up a couple faster than he will two nigger men.
How in the hell are you going to side anybody... when you can't even get on your horse?
"He's a pisser, isn't he?"
"I said ""Pop your titty out his mouth and stop babyin' him!"""
"Oz is where I will die, where most of us will die."
It's a unicorn with a cock inside.
All I see is more crap I got to clean up.
"Gulag, worst in Russia."
"Come on, get your asses in here before I change my mind."
"For instance, if some outsider, say, some shit-eating fruit fly were to come in here and mess with them in any way whatsoever, we, and by ""we"" I mean me and my brothers over there,"
You've got both of you 10 seconds to get the fuck out.
"Above all, fuck anarchy."" I don't know, we were, like, just kickin' it... smokin' cigarettes and..."
Sal fucking runs the North End.
"I think we should-- You wanna do something for my own good? Turn around, walk out that door, do not stop till you get to Scranton, find my cell phone charger, mail it back to me, and then go to hell!"
It's a flesh-eating bacteria. Gross.
Shut down all the garbage mashers on the detention level. No.
My friends sure as shit hadn't gotten the news.
Ten thousand civilians whose only crime... ...was trying to get outof the damn killing zone!
How the hell did he survive in here?
"It's a good thing you're wearing those funeral suits, because we're gonna bury you."
"Well, when you put it like that... - And the thing that only just yesterday you were just a pointless civil service computer dweeb."
Woody Harrelson. Smallest dick I've ever seen on a man.
An upside down butt. - Yep. Even better.
"God damn, you are good!"
"Klaus: I could get past you, although it might have to be over your dead body."
"Oh, shit. It's not like I'd do it."
You know why? Because he's stuck underneath the fucking truck!
Bitches love the cheddar.
"I'm sure it's not all... bizarre, uncooked, stinky God-knows-what."
Don't scream or I'll plug you.
All I know is that it was like sucking on a little hotdog wrapped in foreskin.
"Jaggu, there's already three marks on my right side butt.."
Kill the nice kitty?
"So, don't fucking wolfwhistle at me!"
"Jamie, can I watch you fuck him?"
They've been assholes forever.
"HYDROGEN FLUORIDE, ANHYDROUS"
"He might have died in a fall, or been beaten to death in combat."
I'll try to hit his hood with this and wake him up.
I did it. I had sex for the first time.
Blow it back to God.
You wanna get fucked up?
"Insert the needle into the skin on your abdomen, thigh, or upper arm and inject as shown to you by"
I want to know what the hell they are... what they're doing in the goddamn city!
You kick it to the girl bunny down in the post.
If that's what you call that trash we got locked up.
"Would you get the fuck out, I gotta wipe!"
If you had just spent half the amount of time on your wedding vows... ...as this stupid little investigation... ...we would probably be walkingdown the aisle tomorrow.
I hate rich people. Hello!
Clean off my fucking couch so I can watch TV.
"I mean, does it suck so bad?"
What a strange beast you’ve become.
Olivia! Damn it.
"You're a good cop. You got great potential, but you don't know every fuckin' thing."
"One by one, I've seen you murder your family, your friends, the noblest men in Rome."
Now the Germans and the Japanese are nice and the Russians are horrible.
"Yeah, maybe I will... ...and then maybe I'll just use yourthick skull and knock a hole in the wall."
and I treated you like shit.
"Don't tell me some fool comes looking for code, and you figure you can make an easy buck if you don't ask too many questions."
"""So the Captain, he says,"" the big one was saying loudly, ""get that goddamned gook off my chopper!"""
"You are twisted, you know that?"
He didn't tell me shit.
Damn... here's Florence again.
I banged at least fifty guys before I met this asshole sitting next to me here.
I have been killed and cut into bits.
Or should we take the slow and painful approach and piss in his O. J?
"We'll save a spot for him next to the fire and the mangy, dung-lick..."
That I am doomed to die in this metal cage?’
"You are not worth her little finger, all of you together!"
They have guards around back too. Shit.
The official soft drink of trees fornicating.
My marriage is shit and I make crappy films.
"Bloody hell, you're not a lawyer ?"
And he sentenced his ass to one night of Rehabilitation.
"I'd wash your clothes, darn them, clean up for you, and I'd sing for you."
Has anybody fucking seen Rhonda?
Dropp the fuckin' gun.
Get your shit and get out!
"No, she'd be like, ""This is dangerous, you're gonna hit Moss in the face."""
"It's the goddamn hood come up, like that from the sides,"
"You're the one that's depraved, cousin."
"Adultery, fornication, lies, killing."
What's the best position for fucking yourself with this?
'She is very beautiful and sex with her will aid you in the times ahead.
Same reason all beautiful women are bitches.
"Oh, yes. The Police are always stupid in the kind of books you write, aren't they ?"
"The ridiculous ponytail, dating a mermaid 1/20 your age, The glitter."
You two are fucking scheming behind my back.
"After he gets through killing off the opposition, he'll fight until not a house in Germany is Left standing."
What the hell?
Since when do you give a shit if I'm happy?
But that did not sit well with her because no one talks shit about her beloved father.
"Call me, dammit."
Get the fuck out!
"I still don't know what that shit mean, but it sound good!"
"And if I did scratch it's not because I was signalling the cop, it's 'cause I'm fuckin' scared shitless!"
Why doesn't anybody want this shit?
Did it suck?
Maybe that's why it took Agnes a day to produce the damn thing.
"""Our father,"" Deirdre said, baring her teeth in a savage smile, ""is not a stupid man."""
"I shouldn't have said that because now you're probably gonna have sex with it, aren't ya?"
"Hey, you wet my pants!"
He doesn't seem to be having any problems with his opposite numbers—except for the ones who think he must be some kind of sissy for taking orders from a woman.
"They caint just walk him out there and shoot him, he said."
"For a moment, the soldier's face was idiotic with surprise."
"Thats disgusting, said Tonker."
You whores seen a couple of kids snooping around here?
That man is an absolute beast in the kitchen. To face off against the final five.
"He lay there, staring up at the ceiling, and cursed himself for a fool."
"I was looking for some money in my mother's room, and I found some naked pictures under her mattress. She was just sitting there in her housecoat, holding one of her boobs like this."
"Yeah, well, a cribbage friend is head of oncology."
"There were hypocritical love letters from me, as I've said."
"What'd she say, that little tramp?"
Get in the shower. I can see your blackheads from here.
"What the fuck you mean, turn around"
You can't live off of macrobiotic bean curd shit your whole life.
"What would you do if you thought you may have Huntington's disease, and there's not a damn thing you could do except suffer miserably, lose all your faculties and die?"
She killed everyone so her son could be king.
That's what he gets for shooting off his mouth.
I took her shit and I listened to her snore.
Soldiers who were so brain-damaged that they were better off dead... till we helped them.
"Okay, Giselle, let's go listen to some records or some crap."
"This current threat matrix is stable. However, I am deeply troubled. Because at this critical time for our agency, someone among us is a traitor."
Put your Goddamn head down so I can see!
'Cause I don't want you to fuck up again.
I knew it! Fuck!
"If you like spicy stories to spend 2,000 dollars for it... ...to get the memoirs of a whore, why would I take it away from you?"
Why the hell would I do that?
"She thought Will was gay, and he was into me."
Fuck him up!
I would never shitcan you.
I give you... on the neck.
"Oh, wicked, I love a slave auction."
You don't look completely ridiculous in that dress.
I'm fucking tired.
"C'mon, Handjob, quit screwin' around."
How the fuck could I kill a cop while I'm here?
"Damn, what's wrong with you two?"
"No! Hey, what the fuck, Michael?"
How the fuck do you know that they liked me?
Killed the god in me.
A goddamn kidhitting like Joe Frazier.
"You know, I have a human vagina."
Dr. Luczak. We can trust him.\N- Ridiculous.
You'll have to distract her. Merge your programming with hers while I shut down her brain.
Your friends have no manners.
You don't give a shit about my garden.
Nothing hotter than a girl who's a little dirty around the edges...
And what do the dumb ones do?
"If they put the two of you in front of a jury, they'll look stupid."
"Burning, yelling, hurting people."
And don't come stinkin' back!
You can see how fucking calm I am.
"No, I didn't see a damn thing!"
"If we screw this up, they're all goners."
Saved your ass.
It's his time to die.
"What kind of doctor is this, a fucking moron?"
What the fuck is with the lights?
"A word or two in the savage tongue. Just ""hello"" or ""goodbye"" or-- No, no, no! ""cut his tongue out and boil him in oil."""
Ate our fucking horses!
You're telling me I should take my daughter to a witch doctor.
"I suppose they're still in there making little tur­tles, but the damned things screw so slow they must fall asleep doing it."""
"Guys, this isn't fucking' funny, all right?"
Do you feel me inside of you?
"Yesterday me and Gar come in here by ourselves, no fucking deal."
"She was naked, her lustrous black hair falling down around her shoulders, her small breasts standing erect, her rather well-fleshed thighs flexing nervously as she fidgeted about."
That shit ain't money.
I'm going to take the tape off your mouth.
Her only good parts Are between her thighs
Nothing like a kid to remind you how damn old you are.
"Y'all spend $30 on crap, I'll give you a deluxe tour."
Know what the other dick docs call him?
Your aura looks like hell.
Then go wash your ass and talk to Henry.
(Sighs) I feel silly eating alone.
"Danny was gonna jump the great wall, We were going to shoot it."
"You put your ass at risk, not because you're someone's puppet."
"Sorry, you little nerd. You were just in the wrong boys' room at the wrong time."
The one on the neck alone would have killed her.
"Come on, give me something to punch already."
My life sucks.
Just keep your narrow ass still.
"Said they got tourists coming out their arse, plenty cash to spend."
The golden knife killing another woman for Cantaloában done.
"Fuckingfind me something, Stanley."
"The action had been fast, and the black man, though skilful, was visibly tiring."
And we found a trace of semen on her clothing.
It sounds pathetic?
So I guess this is fucking war.
You gonna kill your best buddy to save a tree?
We had pinned the wretched brute into a corner of the island.
Just kicking the crap out of each other.
"Okay, let go and crash them"
That you found a million dollars in unmarked cash and gave that shit back.
Get off me! Get off me!
Good thing I have company on my way to hell.
to take the bomb to the NTls.
Those Green Berets... they're real bad asses.
Levin thinks we are parasitic idlers... simply because we don't plow the fields.
I don't like those girls around him.
I thought you were those ugly men with guns.
"Damn it-- ""couple years ago."""
and your wife is a traitor and a fantasist.
"The next time... ...l wanna borrow your balls, I'll ask you."
I say that George Foreman is a mummy. He's too slow.
This guy's got paranoid delusions.
You have a demon inside you?
"Damn, Gloria, what key are you singing in, ""M""?"
"Trust me, breasts doesn't necessarily mean ""woman. """
Felice bent over a pile of chaliko dung.
He's just as ludicrous.
Don't go nuts on me right now.
"A rotten twig upon so high a tree has slipped your hold, and you are dead."
I killed him anyway.
We're not getting fucking paid.
Your wife was unreliable.
I still can't believe that stupid Sausage King's kid is having a baby.
"They kidnap you and drug you... and before you know it, you're in a bathtub and your kidneys are on eBay."
"And if I am in any way prevented from reaching that destination, I shall destroy this ship and all aboard."
"This is none of your damn business, Detective."
"All right, you bums, take your pills and go to sleep."
Are you on the fuckin' take?
I see. Did Joey-woey not want Janey-waney to tarnish her pretty little botty-wotty? Shut up.
"If you'd come in ftiendship, the scum that ruined your daughter would be suffering this very day."
And I am so fuckin' yours.
No bureaucratic ass will be spared.
"Mrs. Newman, if you're listening, bugger off."
I don't give a damn what her name was.
Tell the fucking friends of mine to get out!
Garion looked at the fat eunuch groveling on the floor.
Just shut up!
"He wondered if he had been foolish, putting the knife away."
Can't you be like a warrior or a shaman or an Orc or some shit like that?
"It's Saturday night, and welcome to my cable show, Shut Up and Listen."
What is your fucking problem?
"Crap, there's a code phrase."
Would you two dummies relax?
Like these two are gonnakeep the two of us from having sex?
"The boy in the underpants is behind them now, but Henry can still hear the pulsing drone of his sobs, it's in his head, beating in his head and driving him fucking crazy."
He died as he lived--like a dork.
I'd pictured some freckled country oaf in ghastly dress.
Are you fuckin' threatening me?
I want them to play Arabian songs at my funeral... none of that classical music crap.
I can't believe someone would want to kill me.
Hiro is not silly.
"Well, I'm gonna keep shooting judges until you do."
Can my life suck any harder?
I flashed on him with his throat torn out.
I'm here. Fuck!
Fighting for no damn reason with me?!
"George, you had sex with her?"
Who? - (man #1) Joey Luca is the kid who... ..used to pound the shit out of you when you were 12.
Ass-tons of parking.
"""Go lick'im."""
Kristen's gone and it sucks.
What about you letting two psychos beat her within an inch of her life... ...so you could feed her your blood the night you met?
"I'm Mayera's father Sehgal, yöu bloody..."
"You wanna fix this shit, or should I?"
"Yes, yes, he's a caveman, a total caveman."
I feel ridiculous even saying it but...
"Your -- your blood is so freaking loud, okay?"
Is your rear end more important than all of these people's precious time?
My boys are bad ass.
"You gonna hit me, Mud?"
"I am putting out two fires in there, and I turn around to find out that you have set fire to the fucking fire truck."
"I called her, she said some crap about not listening to her enough."
"You know, Helen, black widows may be powerful predators... ...but every predator is... ...somebody else's prey."
I pity the fool who's missing this.
"Fuck, man. I can be cool. - Good."
You're a pasty white kid.
"Oh, shit."
"I'm off to pick up dirty diapers, used condoms and Big Gulps filled with urine."
We'll force that old witch to lead us even if we have to carry her!
They will cut skin from the hips ... and then threw it over his head.
"Keep saying how you're scared, yet you don't have a scratch. - It all adds up to bullshit."
"I'm gonna cut to the chase, because I respect you too much to bullshit you."
"From now, shoot anyone who shows up on the coast."
"Uh, well, either someone's sending you a vista of rolling hills or there are some serious boobs on your phone."
All of the animals shit.
Buffalo stunk all year.
Eurodisney fucked us over completely!
Your spelling's atrocious.
"She will be abused by so many men, for she'll be nothing more than a piece of meat that a dog would not have."
You don't deserve to fucking know her name.
Help me put this crap together and we'll get outta here.
"Didn't I... Whoa, that's the darnedest thing I ever saw."
We'd be fools to let happiness pass us by.
Blackmailers!
You got my deepest condolences and all that shit.
Profilin' shit.
It's silly worrying about that letter.
"""God damn it!"" hollers the one remaining Aussie."
"Dumb little star, no planets that we could find, can't think why in the world the Heechee had a course setting for it."""
Killed in Afghanistan.
People will think I'm nuts!
"Now he's half a world away in the army, wondering if a ""dishonorable discharge"" is something you get from a dirty geisha."
"Thousands of kilometres deeper, just for a fucking start."
Could someone answer their damn phone?
You're working a shit tonight?
Teeing off first is Collette from team Lesbian.
"And what is time travel but your pathetic attempt to control the world around you, -your futile effort to have a question answered? -"
"Oh, man, I can't fucking see this!"
"“Going fucking terrible,” Steve said in a low, harsh voice."
"Stop pissing me about, I know you started those fires!"
"Some tourists, too. If you are gonna conduct a ritual killing?"
Why can't we remember a god damned thing... from last night?
I'm just not ready to have sex with you.
Get the fuck out!
I mean that's bullshit. There isn't a cop in this precinct that wouldn't put their life in Frank's hands.
You're right. They sound stupid.
"Since we were kids, since elementary school... ...that's all we've ever talked about, us going together. And you got into fucking Dartmouth."
I'm not making shit up.
He was hoping you'd be a slutty nurse.
Anyone crazy enough to believe us isn't gonna want to help.
"Don't be a kiss-ass, okay?"
And I'm not going to let some silly little picture affect me.
"Then I'll kiss him so passionately, that even the people he hates will feel pleasure."
"It is inserted into your vagina, so the hormone is released where it is needed."
Don't bother to ask the ugly people.
"Women, children, boils and burns on their faces."
We're in a flying fucking bomb.
Would you do me the honor of punching me square in the face?
If you don't get your fucking thumb down... I'm gonna run this pitchfork through it.
"After that guy cheated on you, I hated his guts."
You're fucking cheating me!
"Just tell me, Madame, how a weak, short-sighted, slightly crippled old man with a dicky ticker... can help you and you will receive my fullest cooperation."
I been waiting my whole life to fuck up like this.
"Instead of listening, I jumped down her throat."
"You stink. - Ah, funny guy."
I would never.... Shut up.
"I have a diseased mind."""
"Damn, I'll be disqualified"
"Oh well, you can blame another witch."
"You are a great person, my lover, and not a mere tribesman, like the poor fools outside; you shall be greater by speaking direct with the first Yuli."""
We're done. You're awesome. And I don't even usually like Puerto Rican chicks.
"Shoot. I oughta leave him, you kno."
She doesn't deserve that bullshit.
A black train has come mother.
Get off me!
Sticks in the head.
She sank her head on his breast.
"Alice, I'm sorry you're dead."
"Spend the rest of my life with his boot on my neck,"
"Look, I got serious shit that I'm dealing with right now."
There's a devil in that man.
"It was stupid. Anyhow, it's bed time."
"You're DEA, I got the feds up my ass and I don't know what's going on here."
"As far as I'm concerned, you're just the girl who almost killed two people and spoiled my hunting trip."
She had her tongue ripped out.
The uniform sucks!
"Mmm, you want to have sex with her, you... are not so sure."
With all sorts of tubes and shit sticking out of her.
What if I burn both my hands off your way ?
Screw you and your grandma's Chevy Celebrity.
We're losers.
"""Watch the witch, but never trust him, ""for his every thought is a sin, his every word a lie."""
And for that guy to stop screwing with you.
Or find me the killer. And maybe we can get your bloody friend some protection as a witness.
Shoot some pictures.
You fucked in a chapel?
"He got this greedy, glinting look, the filthy red-eyed leech, and said he'd tell for 30 bucks."
You haven't changed one damn bit.
"Thanks to you, all those who oppose me here are dead."
What's ridiculous?
"You have some sick relationships, kid."
Pull the trigger and let her rip!
"Oh, god damn it, Scott."
"No shit, they're naked in the snow!"
I'm lethal.
Your table manners are awful
"Two centuries gone by, since Thibor destroyed my castle in the Khorvaty, and raped my vampire women and put them down; between then and now I had tasted my share of soft Szgany flesh, spilling myself into such Gypsy odalisques as pleased me."
Said she killed him'cause he was evil.
"Can't enjoy the after-party without your crappy, misspelled T-shirts!"
"Look, I need you to suck in big-time, buddy."
"It's in your back, I'll get it."
"There's a good chance he's already dead, Moran."
"This nitwit Chapman, who shot John Lennon, said he did it to draw the attention of the world to Catcher in the Rye, and the reading of this book would be his defence."
Now you're gonna tell me who you are... ...and what the fuck you're doing on my farm.
It was foolish.
People call them rats because they will do anything to survive.
"""Look,"" he said, ""it's just fate playing silly buggers with you."
We should send the old Goethe a few lines. LICK ME
That lump of shit said that?
"Man, what the hell wrong with you?"
"So, you've killed us off, have you?"
"""Damn it, Hornblower,"" he said."
"I heard a little sigh of satisfaction as he cuddled the butt into his shoulder; and saw that amazing target, the black man on the yellow ground, standing clear at the end of his foresight."
Shut up and drink.
I walked all the way to Battery Park today in high-heeled boots like a moron.
"Oh, you mean the witch that took your granny."
At least I try to keep it separate from the business... that you seem so hell-bent on flushing down the fucking toilet!
The only way you're leaving Frankfurt is with me or in a body bag.
"“You're damned if you can't forgive, Jude.”"
Damn it! - Maybe you should... ...deal with Ting Ting in gentler way.
Even Charlotte has a gay plus one.
To that little savage from Key West?
Nothing's in the fucking bag.
"""Caesar must die."
They don't tolerate scum.
"We waited until she came out with her mother... ...pushed the mother into the river,where the damned fool drowned... ...right before this angel's eyes"
"And I think you helped him to dump the body, maybe... even helped to kill him."
"Sperm would enter my pretty little vajew-jew, and my cold, black heart would kill that shit dead, son."
"Ten mil's a lotta greenbacks, killer."
"Don't you fucking yell at her, Lionel."
You are the official assassins of the Shogunate.
Delete all cheats
Damn them! Idaho thought.
"He's a wily one, that ichthy-demon."
"""Oh, I wouldn't've burned your hand."
Shut-- you're in love.
Fucking move!
What did those bastard spies know about the navy?
The only way to control a coward like him is to teach him mind control.
You will all suffer for your crimes.
"Not now, damn it, Q."
Women bring bad luck on board ship.
"Well, I can't have you fuckin' up my essence, now, can I, Mr. Vincent?"
NEW YORK – Ratko Mladić is an easy man to hate.
You fuck Mackie too?
We think he's been knifed.
"If I drop a glass on the floor, you bend over and fucking pick up the fucking glass, OK?"
The collector of bones is killed.
"You were damn heartless, mr."
"But now she's found a younger, more vital, smarter... or stupider... man who has aspirations greater than being a cable installer."
Are you perverted?
You're a fascist pig... and what Otto did to you is just the tip of the iceberg.
"I am gonna miss all these pathetic, little lies."
For fuck's sake. It's brown.
"And that, my friends, is fucking patriotism."
Useless.
Let the poor wretch go.
These dark elves would have no compunction about killing him.
"To Jan, I'm a heartless, rejecting bitch... and to my dog, I'm God."
"If you give a shit about the dead girl, seems to me you should be looking for the Amish kid."
That sucks.
"I shall give you my virginity, sir."
"He doesn't suck, huh?"
They're beasts.
We're leaving this damn cloud first thing tomorrow morning.
"It'il just be me, my daddy, and a bullet."
"You know, even if they find that shit-head Ronnie and he says that you beat him up, so what?"
"I hope my friend doesn't wake up. Instead of fucking, I'll be fucked."
All he does the whole time is shoot me in the face.
They’re going to hang the old toilet seat around my neck.”
Sir... ...why do you tolerate that clown?
Get in there and get me some damn answers!
"Poisoned them, then shot the survivors."
"She had to address a realtors' conference the next day with this fat, fat lip."
Bunch of psychos.
Hope is for losers.
Just stink.
"He's on the phone to freaking Myanmar half the day, wherever the hell that is."
They had it easy... they didn't have to suffer through the shit like the rest of us!
So I pull him up and Kirby's fucking smacking...
"Now, in the case of tall fellas who want to be jockeys, that's patently fucking untrue."
"I'm sorry, I just feel like you talk shit about anyone I'm ever interested in."
"Ever since we gave Carbo one up the arse,"
"Fuck yeah, there's more."
"Sick old broad, that's me. - Mom..."
And he couldn't also be gay?
Tomorrow the last of their companions will fiight to the death... in the temple of my fathers as a sacrifiice to them.
This year we'll grab the bull by the balls and kick those punks off campus!
"“They're my friends, damn it,” she said."
You're telling me you are being a jerk because you care?
It is God's wish that these sinners be sacrificed.
He is a man steeped in evil.'
You don't give a shit about me!
We can't do anything till we find that bitch's dog.
"I mean, I can understand a ""goddamn"" or 2, but why skip all the way..."
"Look, man, we miss this train, I'm gonna shitcan you and just hire Charles Schulz."
George made you look like such a chump.
A petty smuggler from Argentina.
We must purify your soul.
I was looking forward to Summer bitch-slapping Kaitlin for giving Seth pot.
Queen of the losers.
"You think I'm the epitome of evil, the devil in a three-piece suit."
"I mean that if he thinks a human ought to die, that human is dead."
"""Give up your foolish trickery."""
What about the goofy chick?
"Hey, keep your hands off my thigh."
"And the crowd yells ""rock"" really loud. Now that's a fucking concert."
"Shit, that's a shame."
"And when he protected me from those arseholes,"
"Well, it's an idea. Nobody reads the fucking newspaper. (hip-hop)"
We're no fucking good to anyone up here.
"Damn it, where is she?"
What the hell did your mother see in a guy like Johnny Favorite? I don't know.
"The guy in the white shirt, he's a sloppy drunk."
"We've got another one, room 22. - Oh, darn it!"
You are already miserable.
You're gonna need two dicks.
"He could go step by step inside that fat head of his, only Piggy was no chief."
Fuck! Who did it?!
Why risk death for a God who despises you?'
"The dumbwaiter hummed behind him, a sticky, sweet smell in the air."
"Same damn wagon that broke down yesterday, Bill!"
"""So, CIA is going to recommend against—damn it, this is the biggest concession they've ever made!"""
How the hell did you find out?
"No, Nico Tandy put me on my ass in the 12th round. Twice."
"Dale arb... uh, shoot."
You're gonna wet yourself!
I've got to give him a life jacket. He'd drown in a bathroom sink.
"No, I don't wanna hear shit."
"I really gave you shit, and I wish I hadn't."
It's cheap shit.
Otherwise I'm afraid I shall be cutting your own throat.
This fucking shit. I'm gonna take this off your mouth.
I would kill a man for small glass of juice.
Damn right I do. Dr. Khatri will be happy to hear that.
"You're bleeding to death, sir!"
SINGLE DOCUMENT ‘CORNISH PASTY’
A crazy ass chase headed right for us.
She was still holding my dick and now gave it a formidable squeeze that hurt a little and felt absolutely wonderful at the same time.
"Dean, you wanted to screw over Crowley."
"Oh, shit, is he alive?"
"We take Kevin to the tablet, he tells us the spell, we send every demon back to hell... ...forever."
"You know, if someone breaks in to my daughter's bedroom, first she yells bloody hell, then she wouldn't hide,"
Death has called for him.'
Wake up. - I'll kill you!
"I can't, Joe. You saw him. He's crazy."
"If it's a toxin, we'd see it in their livers."
I had my dick make keys when I hired him to dick up the team.
"Damn, he didn't have to add."
"And this, of course, is Tak Mashido. Holy shit."
"Can't live with 'em, you can't kill 'em and tell the neighbors they're stripping in Atlantic City."
I need jumpers breathing down the Germans' necks pulling them around.
The only thing that you own is that crazy Hawaiian shirt.
People have silly ideas about that; they think it's the same as planning murder!
Your shit's on the floor.
What the hell happenedto these two?
I don't know - stupid.
And it's a horrible kick.
"You, unless Jo drives down here every day, you'd starve to death."
Why you got to give him shit like that?
I go to New York to kill all those that worked for Paco Mejía.
"I don't need your help, and I sure as shit don't need your charity."
It's not for sissies.
I didn't fuck up in there.
Yes. Everyone think Phantom kill him.
"Well, if you love her and she loves your narrow ass, then where does that go?"
"Goddamn it, Clark. I need your help."
"If you're wearing a suit, and you look like you gamble a lot, they give you free shit."
When I saw Sergio crazy.
"But really, I think of myself... as a sensitive, intelligent human being... but with the soul of a clown that always forces me to blow it... at the most crucial moments."
"Well, he's got to take the damn car."
I had to kill Abel.
"Nurse Jackie, I like that shit."
You don't know shit.
"So this thing, whatever it is, it's eyes are, like, all screwed up, completely."
I've never had sex I've never had sex with two people in one night.
He just wants to fuck you so he can win the bet.
"You fuck up in a firefight and I goddamn guarantee you a trip out of the bush, in a body bag!"
Get the fuck out of here!
"If I leave here, I'll die."
Shit!
"Put him on a treadmill, and run him like one of his rats on a wheel."
"Mr Smear, how can Michael be your son if you and Mrs Smear have not had sexual intercourse? - Michael is my son... - Yes? - ...in the normal way."
"I live with the messiest person ever, Axl."
"""Arse Ticklers Faggots Fan Club"" - saying we're sorry, we couldn't get supplies from America - they ran out of stock."
He was a jerk-- he deserved to have that precious painting stolen.
I'm just a bachelorette shopping for my Mr. Right way out of this suck hole.
No idea What I just said... but I'm sure there's gonna be hookers at our hotel tonight.
"Look, I never wanna see you again."
"Tell that fool, that I am not angry with him."
We have to attack before they kill us
Do you like your job of slaughtering young people?
I feel... kind of foolish.
"Oh, shit, it's good to see you."
"She told one of the other students, summer, to take a ride on her ""suck stick."""
Let me focus on this shit.
So obviously there's a part of you that still gives a crap.
This junk is made in Korea.
Get your ass in the car.
Medvedev walked over to Gabriel and slammed the butt of the Stechkin into his right eye.
"You do not call her that, gonad!"
"Every scumbag and lowlife for miles around get in this line, and the line goes around the block."
"And anyone who isn't or never has been hasn't a fucking clue how tough that is, and that includes my son. hasn't a fucking clue how tough that is, and that includes my son."
"""By the time we close the mine, Maeve and her bastard sons will be gone."""
She was nothing more than bait.
He certainly drives like a jerk.
But Marsellus Wallace don’t like to be fucked by anybody except Mrs Wallace.
"And you keep on fingering them, making them bleed."
"What? -How you said you're starting... ...to see Bart for the shallow bastard he is... ...and, eventually, you're gonna leave him for me."
The whole Mexican army... ...is dragging Gabriela in through the fucking garage.
"Shut up, I've got something. Listen. ...from the BBC in London."
"If I don't dare, everyone dies."
"The dealio on Eyes Only, he's probably some wack rich dude sittin' in a trick apartment, bored stupid."
You should get gunned down more often.
So I-I should tell my children that I wanna kill somebody?
I don't want to rot with you!
"Jennings, please, would you remove that vile animal?"
Sam Craig. - Whose pathetic distinction is the number of male children she contributes... ... to the very state which holds her in bondage.
"Well, we will spank them later."
The white people's gang.
You're gonna be fighting men off with a stick.
You're a witch who's a nurse who's a dude.
You mean you want a white doctor.
Why listen to that shit?
"If Apollo couldn't be here to help take that big bastard on, the least she could do was bring back reinforcements as quickly as possible, and there was no point giving Honor something else to worry about."
Just get your shit together.
Why are they all so insane?
It sucks out all the sexy.
"The police didn't know what to do with the body, so I guess they'll incinerate him."
"I know you said to kill her with kindness, but can't I just kill her?"
Shit. - Three years for hittin' a cop?
Shot the gun out of his hand.
Get the fuck out of here.
Come on. Shit ain't gotta be that complicated.
"God says, you are neither cold nor hot, I'm about to spit you out of my mouth."
Open the fucking door.
We need cocktail dresses... ...tight jeans and some bras that'll make my friend's breasts... ...sit up and say hello.
But the guy looks like death.
"Oh, it like to have killed us all."
You're bloody drinkin' all our money again!
"I've been feeding him useless, false and out-of-date information for a couple years."
You guys movelike fucking soldiers !
"Richard, thy wife... that wretched Anne thy wife... that never slept a quiet hour with thee... now fills thy sleep with perturbations."
Put her in that bucket. - No!
"I didn't make these. I can't remember what the fuck that's called, but it's got coconut in it."
Do they have a lot of sluts in Vegas?
We're gonna have to beat the boys off with a stick.
You had to kill him to shut him up!
Do you take me for a fool ?
You break your ass for the white man.
"Well, I guess even a bonehead like you could understand... that a man acquires this over a period of 50 years."
"Uh... - shit, I forgot to tell you what happened last night."
Aren’t you afraid to die?
"Damn, there's always a catch."
"Five dollars at Macy's. Silly, isn't it?"
How's your rat poop?
"10 minutes - we're screwed, come get us."
Take this gun and get back in the stern.
"LiKe when I was a Kid... go visit my cousins on this farm, we'd have horseshit fights."
"Well, killing I expect, Mr. Mclntosh, but mutilation and torture, I cannot accept that as readily as you seem to be able to."
"no, I'm gonna arrest a meth dealer And a murderer, and I'm gonna put A corrupt sheriff on trial."
She sucked him and blew his candle out.
"He kept his mouth shut, then whoever it was threatened to hang Maria."
"And behold, any who fail to obey him or to THE HOLY BOOKS follow him will I cut off even as the limb is cut from the tree, and they shall wither and perish and be no more.'"
When the final death blow is delivered the world will be cursed as it was in time past.
"(Michael) No, no, I won't take your nasty medicine!"
"""Hey, there's that nigger guy."""
"Up, goddamn it!"
"I'm not an eye guy, I don't know how this crap works."
"Yeah, well, uh... turns out this deal is way too black for them."
"I'm sorry, doll, that sucks."
"We can cadge twenty or thirty bucks off him-because, brother, I don't know if you noticed, but we don't have a crying dime between the two of us-but more important, we can get him to write us a really good hardboiled private eye, someone who looks like Bogart and kicks ass like Clint Eastwood."
Get the fuck out now!
Hey it was a fucked weekend.
I'm not fucking scared of you.
What kind of parasite??
What was all that cryptic shit he was saying about not changing one little thing?
Now fire off a shot.
"My friend, in five minutes you won't give a shit about the people."
"Hayley, I forbid you to see that movie! - Damn!"
And then I'm gonna end him...
"Damn it. In Jones' deposition, he said that he gave evidence against Volker in written reports."
"You know, my head is pounding, I got to be up in, fuck, like, four hours."
We're gonna get a hit on anyone that's ever been burned with a cigarette.
"Stand down, hulk."
You made a damned good father.
"I hope the old bastard heard that, she thought as she pulled on her leather boots."
Give me the gun. Damn it!
You let yourself be brainwashed by Alistair Huddleston... ...and his Return to Paradise Project lunatics?
Catch that thief!
"Let me tell you, I have plenty of sexual complaints."
Remember that drover I shot in the mouth... ...and his teeth came out the back of his head?
Just consider it a thank-you for keeping the streets safe From all the perverts and scumbags.
He ain't tryin' to fuck y'all or nothin'.
"Muslim, is not only a faith problem"
It has nothing to do with the gym. You're on drugs.
Do not fucking die!
You don't have any luck 'cause you're a tranny chaser.
Are you guys having sex?
"Don't show your face here again, bitch!"
"Yeah, people... - Damn it. ...it really is the end of the world."
A midget.
Just don't die on me now.
"Here's another horrifying example, aspect of American culture, the pussification, the continued, the continued pussification of the American male in the form... yeah all right, in the form of Harley Davidson theme restaurants."
"'Well, no bullshit' she muttered, grabbed her bag of groceries, and got out, a pretty, dark-haired woman of twenty-nine, tall, gray-eyed."
I can tell you all about teenage boys and their penis-centric feeling. ... nonfiction novel and
Emptying Trash
"Mr. O´Malley, I think you should be the rear end."
You are just another bad thing humans made.
"""You're a sly dog!"" said Passepartout, winking at him."
"Father Santoya saved my ass, so I'm giving you everything I know."
"Hey, man. We gotta get the fuck out of here."
You fucked at Chaya Venice?
Not enough sex?
"You ought to be afraid, the way you fuckin' treat me!"
I will deal with the black widow.
The white people are gone... gone back to where they belong.
A shit-eater?
Your whole life is deception.
"Clamp your dick between your legs And come with me, then"
"You see, I'm something of a, uh... well, a big fucking hard hero."
"How's the water, Violator?"
With 12 nicks on the butt of his Derringer.
"Yeah, but then grandma turned around and filed an ageism lawsuit, so we hired Bran Flakes here to cover our ass."
"You're crazy,you know that?! I'm crazy to think... she decided this flight would have to be grounded."
At least dogs fuck in silence.
The short man was a born glutton
Too fucking old to go to prison.
Can you tell them to just - cut the bullshit?
"You don't have a clue what's going on inside my puppet head... ...because to know that, you would have to be capable of... ...perceiving the world that exists beyond the tip of your penis."
He's in love with that slutty hunk of silicone.
Go and find Tony fuckin' Maloney!
Word is you've been kicking it with that white boy that raced Donny.
You bullshitting me?
My dad was kicking you in the head!
"I'm sick and tired of you kicking my Rock-Ola."""
Then I had him by the throat.
for the indiscriminate slaughter of women and children
"She endured him, wondering if she could remember some charm or herb to put an end to the old man's too-enduring virility -damn him, he should be long past this by his age, no one would even think it the result of sorcery."
"Damn, I sure missed you Rat !"
He made me his bitch.
"Look, Mr. cruise, I'm sorry I said you were a fudge packer and that you had semen on your back..."
More like this asshole?
"When you are of age, you're free to fuck up your own life... ...but until that time, I'm afraidit's my job to do it for you."
"There's ass, blood and guts everywhere!"
"Who you calling a Latin fuck, man?"
"Oh, shit, she's a cop."
I seem to remember you telling me about some wank you had in the woods.
It'il go straight to your head.
Saddam will get killed before long.
That was some weird shit.
The smoke hides the shit.
"What are you doing down there, you piece of slime?"
There's so fucking quiet.
Waylander had killed his son and he had sworn to see him dead.
George was supposed to take care of Arthur... ...but he lost his silly headand shot Broome.
Let the fucking commercial people fuck them around with their fucking cameras and the tourists.
He's a goddamn walking radio station.
You get a lot of hooker traffic around here?
"We wait for him, pick him up, get his ass to Hosaka intact”"
I bet you fucking do.
And the fuck horse you rode in on.
Did you ever think that she doesn't even know that I paid you to have sex with her?
I don't want you to burn.
This place reeks of death.
"I think if they let me get killed, they might not survive much longer than I did."
"Okay, so, I gotta pay for the funeral, the catering, and all this other shit, and now I gotta pull $30,000 out of my ass?"
Got to get rid of the piglets.
"What the hell is she talking about?"""
Mine is to be dead.
"There was enough common sense in Pattons high school, although not in the Science Department, apparently, to have such an event denounced as cruelty to dumb animals."
Women are nothing but trouble!
"In about two fucking seconds you're gonna go in the hole, and your file is gonna go to the bottom of my pile. You understand?"
"Dude, that shit's tight."
"""there is no problem you can't solve If you use your noggin."""
Do you have any idea what I went through to get this goddamn night off?
I could suck knob and still be straight.
"Get off of me, Brian !"
She went for me fly and she said she wanted to suck it outta me.
"That other one I didn't get sucks!"""
Something going through that thick skull of yours?
"If you can't get the money, I'll take great delight in coming down here and tearing this shit hole down."
Throw me a gun.
That shit is horrible.
Don't jump out and scare us with an ax or some shit.
You telling me the whole world got screwed because two gay guys had a hissy fit?
"Nigger, you hear me calling? -That's you."
"Neil, get off the damn bed."
Where the fuck is my cake fork?
"I won't fucking survive in solitary, you understand?"
"You know, the big score, long-time money. You know the bullshit."
Shut up. You sound just like my father.
I'm the clown!
"""Bolt gun killer."""
"Put the gun down, old timer."
You sneaky Indian mouse.
"I don't think you realize the kind of deep shit you're in, little girl!"
That guy was just an obsessed reader... ...who couldn't tell real life fromthe crap you make up for a living.
"I mean, she was a lesbian, but still... We met in a ""Pray Away the Gay"" bible group."
I didn't even get a fucking this.
You're wicked.
"Brother, why don't you hit him?"
Do you want to fuck me?
"If we're good with Pope, the rest of black gets in line."
Jesus craps.
"No, smart ass, you can't."
"All right, you won't die."
You're damn right.
"Come here, you little brat."
Fucking lizard.
"Silly me, thinking I could fool the super guy."
"You fool, what are you doing?"
"Now, these are very silly little boots, Jones."
"""Shut up,"" snapped Harry."
"Come on, wouldn't it be the coolest story ever... if the slutty pumpkin turned out to be my future wife?"
"We've got to get the fucking guns, or we're dead !"
And you were... ...incidentally... ...the best shag... ...I ever had.
"if any of them moves, shoot 'em."
Let's go and poke it with a stick.
I didn't know you're such a gourmand. - Crap.
"It had to have been something huge if it was worth killing her over, right?"
"You're lying to me, damn it."
"""Dammit, I'm a hundred thirty-four and I don't deserve this """
"Young man, how do you fit such brilliance into such an ugly, ethnic head?"
"They're not men, they're cocks."
"What the hell you got to threatened me with, man?"
"""Holy shit!"" it said."
"""I sit on the floor and pick my nose and think of dirty things Of deviant dwarfs who suck their toes and elves who drub their dings."
I won’t need no fucking knife.
Please tell me you know that that's a stupid idea.
You've driven us to fucking Wales!
"For Christ’s sake, Alex, I don’t give a goddamn about complications or violations or all the manipulations you can dream up!"
You're right. I was a fool.
"What, you deaf, bitch?"
"See, I got him on my motherfucking chest."
Either do something about it or shut up.
"What kind of mother you are, using fucking language like that?"
"And it's true, if you're a rapist you've got pretty much your pick of women."
So what have you shit for me lately?
That was after he'd cut two women to pieces.
We are about to make our final descent into the middle of fuckin' nowhere.
I don't think Sylvia's gonna be down with your little goblin gulag.
One can't even walk from the office to the club... without being pestered by some homeless beggar. Excuse me.
I'm sick of you!
Tell him what you fucking mean.
This time we will hit you in a place.. ..where you will remember us each time you sit in a chair.
"""What is this shit for?"""
You're coming in with us to see the director or I'm gonna add an extra hole in your head!
"Black it is, my dear."
"You killed Johnny, you motherfucker!"
"""Too damn many civilians in my part of town."""
"Yes, dammit."
We are looking for these idiots for 10 years and suddenly his courier system to crack so easily?
"And if you knew that and did it anyway, you suck and deserve to miss Nationals."
Fucking onions.
"Dad, what the hell is going on?"
There's a lot of dirty shit going on here.
"Holy shit, woman. Haven't you ever heard of waxing?"
They nail me for the works - not just the people I did kill. but even Lucille and the girls that Roark and Kevin ate. and even Goldie.
What the fuck happened?
"Get off me, otherwise I pee in my pants."
"We wanted to kill Americans. Yeah. We tried to get into Tora Bora, but the bombing was too high."
"Illegals are the disease, And I'm the cure, sir."
"You fucking lied, Frank?"
"Now gentlemen, I do apologize, but I'm wearer for our travels beyond words, it is time for me to rest my tired ass."
"My point is, I can't build much with the garbage they sent me."
Get those chompers in the back.
"Um, gentlemen, um I'm sorry, I... I'm just not that stupid"
And I was so fucked off that I got on the Tube and I went all the way down to New Cross to their halls of residence.
Do I look like a asshole?
Goddamn it!
Double S... double screwed.
"Go on, sir, hit him."
Big old nasty hole right there.
And we're gonna have sex for the first time.
You can't be an attention whore And protect your privacy.
I'm gonna put you out of your misery.
Only death penalty is suitable for his sin.
How's a DVD gonna kill you?
And you're always on the stupid phone.
Find them and hang them!
We prepare to take out their land-based missiles... with a massive nuclear strike... find and kill their subs... knock out whatever planes they have on the ground... and mobilize to destroy the ones they already have in the air.
I hope me damn sister turns up.
"What the hell are you doing, Ma?"
"Quite frankly, watching Donny beat Nazis to death is the closest we ever get to going to the movies."
Get the fuck out of my house!
"Dude, I knewwe shouldn't have done this at my fuckin' dad's house."
"That's my fucking sister! Adam, maybe you should look because it's your sister."
"Friday, Saturday nights you get some jerk who gets drunk and beats on a spouse-and that one can go both ways, believe me."
"Marshall, you're not going on a Sasquatch hunt in Oregon with a bunch of loonies."
"Anyway, you know the fucking crying guy with the cat? Remember him?"
"All right, they're horny snakes."
"And they're a shade of pink called ""loser."""
I can't do a damn thing.
"What the fuck, Stacey?"
"By comparison, everything else is a dung heap."
"Because the beating that you got from Apollo shoulda killed you, kid. It didn't."
Black. ... by the angry crowd.
"Now that I think about it, Jen, I'm pretty sure that the guy on the programme was black."
I'm gonna go... burn all of these clothes and maybe my hair.
Go for darnell.
"I put in the hard work, and did all the shit, and... I beat this Russian. And I earned my spot."
Shut up! - I don't know this language.
"""Holy shit,"" Max Puckett exclaimed."
"And those truck drivers come in there to eat your greasy burgers and... ...they kid you and you kid them back but they're stupid and dumb boys... ...with their big old tattoos on them, and you don't like it."
"An idiotic Englishman, who had lost all his teeth somewhere had his souvenir in a canvas bag."
"Little bit haughty, a bit nutty, a bit naughty..."
"Damn, looks like they're reinforcing the camp."
"I was like, ""whoever's idea it was and I don't fucking care, claire ran with it""."
(trumpet playing fanfare) Why do they always announce dinner like a damn cavalry charge ?
"Hit me in the face, if you're brave enough!"
"Not your father, not that reporter, not the fat fuck in the motel room."
She's dirty.
Kill the bugs before they hatch.
It was always black.
This is gonna fuck everything up!
But I want the rest of you to go after what’s in there and kill it.
Macro... biotic!
"For God's sakes, cut him loose."
"Barney, you... You could've died."
"Next to the haunch of a virgin, there's nothing like a haunch of venison."
He looks really crappy I think.
"If you drink yourself to death, - what good are you, when the burmese attack?"
My son is gonna die.
I thought you had more balls than to threaten me through my brother.
You think I like playing sick little games with you?
Shoot Team One.
"Conn faced it, then Govannan leapt on its back and stabbed it.'"
"Shoot with that thing, you ain't gonna miss."
Got white folk cleaning our pool.
"Damn, my house is nicer than this."
"Let's go, you dopes, the boat's leaving!"
"Worst-case scenario, I go to jail for robbing a fucking truck, you know, for a year."
Shut up. It's not filthy.
I'm sure there are plenty of assholes dumber than you are!
You're not sellin'... What the hell are ya doin'?
Kicking him out might have been the only decent thing I ever did as a mother.
"Dude, I've got so much shit on my plate that seriously, the last thing I need right now is looking at some random ""sponsor me"" tape, so sorry about that."
I can't see a damn thing.
"The golem -- a mud monster from Jewish folklore, devoid of humanity!"
"Fuck out of here, man!"
"Dude, this is the fucking best moment of my life!"
No fucking vegetables.
She started spanking me with a wooden spoon.
"""Dammit, it doesn't seem to be anybody's, does it?"
"And now, I am fucking life."
"So if anybody asks, you're a homely lesbian."
I really need to get out of here. - Shut up!
"No sense in killing two of us, huh?"
"I've had relationships where I know a guy, then have sex with him... ...and then I bump into him and he acts like I loaned him money."
If the person who squealed is who I think it is... ...he'd better move to another continent... ...because I'll eat his guts!
"Yes, on a scale of one to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look... ...you are definitely 19."
He only hoped that some imaginative idiot hadn't once again sighted the fabled Golden Asteroid.
I called you nasty names.
Ridiculous names.
Don't play with him. You'll make a fool of yourself.
I'm not afraid to hit an old man. Put on the suit.
"By killing her, He was climbing The social ladder."
What the hell's that supposed to mean?
I was crap at drama.
Your are crazy to go back there
Bring me down and I will cut you.
"Dammit, is that what you want?"
"Whoever's down here, you better get the hell out."
"The two of you already killed one woman; why not two?"""
"When you came in here, you wanted to go to a public place because you were scared I'd cry rape."
And she's gonna get a lot sicker in the next week before she dies. Like throwing up blood?
Look... '..What the hell am I paying you for?'
You've got the rest of your life ahead of you for that kind of crap.
"Welcome home, scumbag."
Get off me!
The law commands us to stone such a woman.
"Well, you're a compendium of fucking useless information."
"Shit your pants, sweetheart?"
But it’s the same story as before: he exudes this mental swamp.
"Her cloak was hanging at the back of the door, and the wretched Phillotson flung it round her."
"Sex? Is that what you want, Earl?"
"If it's not in his ear, it's got to be his brain."
Stupid career choice.
"Shit, man. Shit."
"These small, little, no-name agencies that I've never even fucking heard of."
"Our crusade against the infidel, the Turk."
Let's not go do anything stupid:
"But instead of his brand-new car there's a smashed, fucked-up ghost of his car."
"And if I see you around here, Sandy, I will shit-can your pension for good."
I though of Indians and psychics and dope doctors.
Hit her!
He's an unconscious head case with a tube down his throat.
Leave my friend alone or I'll have to educate you on how to beat the shit... ...out of somebody.
"If Ronnie had a low club and played it, I was going to eat The Bitch and have to endure his crowing, which would be caustic."
"You're Captain Goddamn, aren't you?"
"I appreciate that, Mr. President, but you shouldn't dirty your hands with this sort of garbage."
"If you roughhouse this woman, every newspaper's gonna be down here."
You sent a boy to do a man's job and he fucked up! Chris.
"I had him right where I wanted him, you asshole!"
"He's anxious, jumpy and shit."
A mentally unstable vampire... ...or the people that put the fundraiser together for your kids?
You're more brain-dead than Dubov.
This is Walsh. - I'm a happily married mother of two and this guy stand my fucking left breast...
That bastard is no Buddha.
You gonna kill a cop?
"Man, fuck that, you owe me."
"""Shoot, pal,"" he said."
That dirtbag who took my team into that slaughterhouse.
She's been butchered.
"Daddy, you're a dope with those farmers."
"Mom and dad were terrible, but they didn't put the match in your hand when you burnt down that damn house!"
Then you tell me her damn name!
"So they fail and they fall down, they hurt like hell, they straighten up… …and march their asses to the shrink's office."
That was a stupid idea.
"Don't nobody want shit like this to happen, man."
They're gonna see this float if it kills me.
"She's got two cats, one manx, one ordinary... three rabbits in the kitchen. They belong to her little boy. And one of those daft looking dogs with hair over its eyes."
Kill it. Do whatever you have to do.
Like what? illegal shit?
Luis! I'm stuck in the goddamned elevator.
I don't know shit about that girl.
"You see, when dirty cops want to eliminate DNA from a crime scene, they use bleach."
What did you do with my goddamn shoes?
"You just had to shoot, didn't you?"
It hurts like a son of a bitch.
"She'd better not get away with it, she'll break her neck."
I can't believe you guys fell for this Waffle Haus club crap.
"Suck a rush of feeling for the old, affection chick for egg man for mother student for school Diverging."
You and that boy beat him with clubs while you set your wolf on him.
Sheer pig-headedness.
The fuck can handle himself.
"Guys like me and you survive, 'cause we're the fuckin' lions."
"I told you,I'm totally screwed up about sex."
"One of the most pungent, ridiculous ingredients ever known to chef."
"Shut up, you gravedigger!"
I did not mean to be a smart ass.
"Then we offer them life in prison if they find his timer, deactivate, it and turn it over to us . . . and tell them that if it goes off, we'll execute anyone who survives the explosions."
You're not happy unless you're screwing...
You know I'm more sexual than you. I always have been.
How the fuck do you sleep at night?
I want this to be an unforgettable screw.
You mean the silly sod's dead?
Maybe I'd rather be a fool.
After two fucking years?
"With all the poverty, starvation, ethnic cleansing and horrible shit in this world you devote your energy to protecting the dignity of Connie Francis!"
"Damn it, how many times do I have to say this?"
What looked like a score of rotating ambulance lights illuminated the efforts of police officers and firemen to extricate whatever fool had been driving the small import.
You're insufferable!
"You're getting a little old for that bullshit, aren't you?"
Kill the engines.
"Korean Power, losers."
"She's nuts about you, uncle."
I gave you a job and this is how you repay me? You worthless...
"All I can see is an empty bay, a guardacosta warship, and a captain that's lost his fucking grip on reality."
The doctor keeps his mouth shut and come Christmas... ...the HMO sends the doctor a fat-ass bonus check.
"Now, will you tell I.A. I'm just your average... healthy, totally fucked up cop... and let me out of here, please?"
"Water's wet, the sky's blue, women have secrets. Who gives a fuck?"
RUSSIAN ARK
Shit! Andrew!
Let's get some coffee and get the fuck out of Nevada... ...before housekeeping shows.
"If this shit spreads, Henry thought, both terrified and wildly excited, if it spreads . . ."
Break his face!
"You know when you're watching the news, and you see some bloated CEO involved in a scandal, and you kind of wonder to yourself, ""How is this prick not going straight to jail?"" Sometimes it was because of me."
It's his damn pride.
"He was just trying to live, same as me, and do honor to his friend and make some fucking sense out of things."
Black meat makes me sick!
"Why don't you shoot, the trees you are so fond of?"
I think that it could be really fucked up. But... I'm kind of okay too.
"Damn, Padre, you are persistent, aren't you?"
Very nasty place full of enemies
Somebody take a shot at you?
Men often don't like to talk while they're having sex.
"They took me to a filthy rat hole, - - shaved my legs and put stockings and high heels on me."
"And you, go back to your pigsty!"
Got more pussy than you would believe.
"Oh, you really suck, Bellick, you know that?"
Any dealer silly enough to poach your territory is not welcome in my crew.
"Either I'm fucked up, or something's totally weird."
"Stop complaining, you wenches, and keep mashing."
It's the least I can do for teasing your brains so mercilessly.
That's hardly a reason to shoot and kill someone.
A girl's killer's still out there because you're a goddamn clown.
I am afraid one day I will find you screwing the toaster.
What if all this shit happening lo Alphonse... is because of something that went down before you came?
"Fuck it, they scared us."""
That crap is worth 30 grand?
"Suddenly, it all seems so stupid!"
'The calf is sucking at its mommy's udder.'
Why should you get dead now?
"You know, you're more goddamn trouble than you're worth, Bob."
"Damn it, I am late for my rounds."
"""Damned clever, those Inuits,"" said Giordino peering through the eye slits."
"Well, you're not going to be fucking taken seriously if you keep getting hospitalized for heatstroke."
"Damn, nigga! Why you always up on my woman?"
We're talking about Polacks that don't have a goddamn future.
I said I was gonna bomb something else.
"And now, the prayer to Isis! Remove your hats, unbelievers!"
Give me your fucking hand.
The ringleaders are Little Hitler and Crazy Horse.
"And the whole time, you were just covering your ass!"
His follicles will be colossal.
That's my damn leg?
I would die for him.
Damn blood.
"Yeah, Leo and I just fucked under the table."
Lot of fucking noise we made.
"Yeah, you got lucky, And you almost got your mother killed."
Cos the one you got - I don't know how the fuck he's going to get you out of this.
Hugh the Hand did damn near kill me.
That her teenage dream boy turned out to be a 30-year-old pervert?
"""The feds ain't as stupid as they look."
Tell them we'il come back and pick them up once we dump the scum bags.
I'll never be alone because I'll die before my mistress.
"To stop a moving car, you can kill the engine... kill the driver or kill the tires."
"A typical soap: fucking bad actors, Story totally predictable Cheapest of the cheap."
You think I don't feel fucking pain?
Naomi said you stole Mark and used him as a sex buffer.
I really thought our relationship had grown beyond this petty crap.
I even think about killing myself.
"You roll with us, then no more lies and no more secret bullshit, all right?"
Master Ichi... that man named Shimazo who asked for your help... they really are going to execute him.
"His name is not Wilson, and he's screwed up worse than I am."
"Yeah. Yeah, that's cause she's full of dirt."
"River Oaks, Brook Farms - all that shit."
"You want a piece of me, you sons of bitches?"
"""Pay attention, Gleep!"" my idiot charge said, jerking my muzzle down toward the boxes again."
I eat you till I'm sick.
Move your piece of shit car out now or give me 50 bucks.
"Bomb on our mark, chaps."
"You shoot me, have me thrown in jail, and then have me freed?"
"Look, what makes me... us... uncomfortable is the fact that a rapist-slash-murderer... has asked to spend the last three days of his life giving an interview... his very first... to a reporter who is now famous for protecting sexual deviants... a reporter who's also a very attractive woman."
Mark's not just a cheating scumbag.
"Larry, stop pointin' that fuckin' gun at my dad!"
That's none of your goddamn business.
She'll say anything to fuck you up.
"For God's sake, this is suicide!"
"Shit! First we thought about Paris, and then Lake Balaton."
Your history's white.
This is people that are out there to try and kill each other.
It'd take a whole lot more than that to make Adam punch someone.
"I see a big, lazy puppy dog with lazy puppy-Dog eyes And a little puppy-Dog brain."
The shit I told you!
I can't believe they'd kill us for it.
Psycho mom at 5:00.
You are seriously pissing me off.
"You're talking like a loser, Erin."
Have you lost the last of your Scotched brains?
He ought to have his neck wrung. That's what we get for getting mixed up with this punch-drunk brother of yours.
Kids are literally gonna Crap in their pants when they see this place.
Get the fuck off of me!
What do you mean you shit your pants?
"Bullshit. His job's 3,000 miles away."
"Ready your breakfasts, and eat hearty, for tonight we dine in hell."
"What the hell are you talkin' about, man?"
She's been snogging you for three months.
"Because he's psychic, stupid."
I'm afraid Doctor Pierce is refusing all visitors. Stubborn bastard.
Oh pipe down you big baboon. This doesn't hurt.
You're related to a black Confederate officer.
I'm not gonna have sex with you.
Dream up crazy shit for when we got out.
"And then we make sure she puts that monster back in his grave, where he belongs."
"Yes, it is I, Clark dungaree, producer of night terrors... and america's oldest hooker."
You believe the balls on this guy?
You're Izzy Panofsky's fucking kid?
Okay? Maybe this guy Bartley isn't as dumb as you think.
"If this information I got for us-that’s going to let us damn well do what we been wanting to do-if it was me setting you up, how’d you go about killing me after, Shoulder?"
"Just as the wheat is separated from the chaff,... ..the unclean souls among usmust be taken away."
"""Bella, you are utterly absurd,"" he said, his low voice cold."
"After all the rubbish you said about arranged marriages,"
Even Black Cindy couldn't fix that shit. Yeah.
"'You can't leave that junk here,' she said around a mouthful of chewing gum."
Is it a fake anus?
There's no pussy here... ...just a dose that'll make you wish you were born a woman.
Oh Goddamn!
He is so... completely and totally uncool.
I'm going to go fuck a complete stranger.
We were killing them until you started that fight.
I'm glad I fried my coach.
"Traded in your cape and tights for a nice, comfy chair at Wolfram and bloody Hart!"
Tell the fucking friends of mine to get out!
Why the hell are these things coming after me?
"Oh, shit, I love it!"
You're really good at burning shit down.
Holy serial killer.
"If I wanted to talk about kids, I would have become a pediatrician. Or a pedophile like my Uncle Wendell."
Get off me.
Shut up! That's Mr. Skinner.
"Think about all the ass you've kicked in your life,and in the end, I'm gonna get cored out like an apple by something I can't even take a swing at."
He wasn't fucking moving.
Can I still shoot him?
"No more robots, no more mad scientists, no more death rays."
Phoney suicide attempts.
Shut up !
We 're nOt dead!
"Ah, to hell with this!"
"Hey, shake all you want, monkey."
"Where's my money, damn it?"
What the hell do I care?
"Dance with me, dumbass."
"But beneath it all, he’s nothing but a gunrunner and a thug."
"Let them suffer , then, as she suffers."
"Goddamn, will you put on some pants?"
"Besides the fact that at my old school cheerleading was considered a stupid waste of time and in Brooklyn it isn't exactly a compliment to be called a queen, I never would have made either one."
"When one of our brokers Ben Jenner, christens the elevator, by getting a blowjob from a sales assistant."
Get your ass in the truck.
And I'm gonna get pregnant just to spite her.
23 crazies are under surveillance.
Nigger is a derogatory term used to insult our ancestors.
"I smacked a boy on the head, he shot off down the corridor, went straight through a plate glass window."
"I don't want to curse it, but we could be doing some significant shit here."
"Oh, I'm trying to avoid that decision... by getting killed."
"It was a lot better, she was sure now, than kid-parties, where everybody was nasty and stupid."
How could you throw that butt here?
I cannot give you facts. - Damn it.
"Oh, it was a great fucking story."
We're both fucked.
"Yeah, I'm fucking serious."
"His mouth had an awful, metallic taste, as if he'd been sucking on a rusty sword."
Your girlfriend is crazy about you.
"Well, as you intelligently pointed out earlier, I have become a bit of a sissy lately."
Killing Alonzo was their way of letting Northend know they're here.
Burn it! Burn it all!
Now let's clean up your body.
"I said, ""Hey, Cavanaugh, you speak to me like that again ""in front of my wife and kid, I will brush your teeth with a brick. """
"If you don't like my food, don't even talk to me. I don't want you."
"Mein Führer... ...this is a terrible order, but I will execute it."
He was staring at my legs the whole time he was complimenting my sexy accent.
"Well, that just shows you don't know what the hell you're talking about."
"If you weren't such a goof and you developed this talent, you could easily go on to college."
You like some shit music.
Your dad showed up shit-faced.
I thought I saw a black widow.
Don't stick your tongue out at me!
"Well, I don't know if you noticed, but the economy is shit here right now and..."
We are getting on this fucking plane.
Set him on fire to send a message.
He's not afraid to die.
Have you lost your damn mind?
Can you believe they're gonna give that bitch a gun?
God is as dead as my legs!
I'm a lipstick lesbian.
"Why don't you go home, get that girlfriend of yours, go get some grub."
You can't just dump me for some little slut who doesn't know the first thing about love.
"Shitheads! Martial club is martial club, restaurant is restaurant"
Don't go in my goddamn bedroom!
"You're just a nightmare! When I get up, Dad and I'll be going fishing."
Wipe your nose and shut your mouth... and tell everyone you fell and skinned your knees going to the public convenience.
"Jesus Christ, what a fucking mess."
You dead in this business!
I'm sick of this crap.
My kingdom for some donkeys.
"Yeah, when you slap a woman around, it is my business, pal."
"""Bitch tripe,"" said the driver."
They have a network of surveillance gear which they use... ...to bust the asses of the guys that are on their shit list.
"With the germs, you're like a maniac."
"""You're giving those fiends to children?"" demanded the official, sucking his injured thumb."
"You had a million opportunities to tell me, and you just fucking lied."
You got a tongue in your fucking head?
- Holy shit.
"Whatever a witch does, she does one hundred percent."
Tell me you wouldn't drop to your fucking knees and suck Johnny's cock in two seconds if he asked?
I hate Russians.
I can't compete with this shit.
"My God, any instant I expected to see your father fall dead at my feet!"""
Thou wilt not murder me!
You brew him my fucking tea.
Mr. Twain is both beguilingand fiendish.
So you have to shoot over the graveyard?
Shit! You scared the hell out of me!
"Sex addicts are everywhere, Sylvia. You wanna have funch?"
"I do. Well, you're gonna be lucky not to get drummed out of here on your ass."
"Oh, he was 'the Favourite', all right - the four-eyed little fart."
"Buenos dias, negro."
So stupid. '..that what happened 'was the result of violence amongst fans.'
"How about ""the Darned""?"
Satellites and drones and shit.
"""Didn't even fucking ask me that time."
"Even with that shit music, the guys love you."
"I love your husband, but he's a real dork."
A dead man and seven boxes of crap.
"I am the token black guy. I smile, stay out of the conversation... ...and say things like "" Damn,"" ""Shit,"" and ""That is whack!"""
"Fuck you, Chris."
Pussy patrol.
"God, it was ass."
"I must say, damn good stuff, sir."
It just proves I'm silly and jealous and love you too much.
"Hey, sand rat, I'm talking to you!"
"Oh, not the stupid cat again!"
What the fuck did I say to you?
You believe that crap?
I'll change my whole fucking life for you.
Joely. Shut up.
"You're going to bring it to me, and I'm going to tell you whether it's okay for you to print in your stupid little newspaper."
McCann's an old dog.
If you killed my kid?!
There's no such thing as a stupid neck surgery.
"And then I saw her by the sink, all bloody and shit."
I thought I might finally see if you're the dead shot I've been hearing you are.
Meaning plan your death.
It's practically all people do is kill each other.
"He does some shit that I'm not down with sometimes, but I ain't never going to cross him off and be like everybody else."
"I ll be your burger bitch today, but tomorrow you're grilling your own burgers, all right."
"I thank God for allowing me to die before your eyes, comrades."
"Reiben, think about the poor bastard's mother."
"The next thing I know, you're slapping me in the head."
"When the place had been the Village Washtub, a body could look in here and see nothing but a lot of fat women in rollers adding bleach or getting change out of the machine on the wall, most of them chewing gum like cows with mouthfuls of mulch."
"I bring them God's word and heathens they are, they brung me God's scorn."
"What do you want me to do, take its fucking pulse?"
"If we kill the Ohmu's child, we won't be able to stop the stampede!"
And I can handle her death.
He said he's going to blow up the world just to show that he's the shit.
Tipper Gore told I had a dirty mind and Al Gore almost jumps over the table.
"They're phasers, sir, set on kill."
Sarah was always a crazy idea.
It's a polite way to say you look like shit.
You must be the baddest motherfucker in school.
Why the fuck you hit rardy so hard?
"Don't worry 'bout that now, Marva. In fuck."
"Where's the trash, Scuzz?"
"You are a doodle, Mama!"
"Fine, tell them to move their shit indoors and buy their own fucking lamps."
A unicorn's ass? There's a reason he is who he is.
That's just nonsense.
"And Derek. Derek barely graduated, and Derek is rich as shit!"
"She had chosen to look like some wanton young Gypsy: precocious, provocative, proud of the power which her sex gave her over men."
I don't give a damn what he thinks.
"Okay, 60 for the resonator and my grandson wants the sex robot."
Shithouse. I got Fleming first thing this morning.
You are a bad boy.
"Dead ahead, sir."
"While balking the mob's sport, the prisoners had shown they were still fighting men, and as such deserved an honorable death."
"She's a demoness."""
"Oh, Max, go to hell, Max."
I see nothing funny in you dying.
"That was all they ever took, those unpleasantly featured merchants and their unseen rowers; never anything from the butchers and grocers, but only gold and the fat black men of Parg whom they bought by the pound."
"Jesus, give me a heart attack, why don't you?"
"""Mr. Martin, can you help me with my jizz?"""
Saving your ass.
"No, Hertz, people love guns... because America is a land of opportunity... where a poor man can become rich... ...and a pussy can become a tough guy... if he's got a gun in his hand."
"I could punch you in the nose, Ace, with all you've been through, coming out, looking so good."
"What a way to go, to be pecked to death."
"Burn them, no — I simply buried them!"
Expelled! I want you off this campus Monday morning!
Are you telling me that this sucker is nuclear?
Come on! Fuck him up!
"How the fuck does this feel, Burns?"
"Bullshit, ""After the contest."""
"I heard that, you smart-ass!"
She's a liar.
Maybe she thinks we're fucking.
"And you, ma'am, are gonna go down to DeVaney Motors... ...ask for Mike DeVaney, the father, not the nitwit son... ...and sell your new truck back to him... ...for whatever the turnip there put down on it."
It's gotta be something other than a parasite.
"She has a right to know that, but the Church has kept her ignorant."
He'd put big motors in little crap cars.
"It was one dance, which I only did to make you crazy, by the way."
"If you ever talk about getting lost again, I'll cut you from this family."
Shut up the guff.
Maybe we'il get 2000 yuan today... ...and then we'il die tomorrow.
Put that gun out of my face.
But that didn't mean she was ignorant.
Some things in it are talking monkey work. Monkeys.
"You think the gods made you crazy?"""
I don't wanna have sex with you.
I ain't got no damn money.
Are you gay?
I guess that's better than oriental pussy.
That is none of your goddamn business.
Donald Sinclair-- People like him make millions of dollars... playing people like us for chumps.
"Grabbed my wrist, I panicked, hauled off and punched him."
Shut up! Nobody talk.
"I had a crap day, too."
To save these poor schmucks? Yeah.
"Hit me, Rube."
"I, myself, personally are gonna take off half their heads!"
Gonna smack that lawyer learning right out of her mouth.
Now I burn you.
Let's go to your office. Fuck!
Black on white hate crime? Who gives a shit?
"And to pay them what they're asking,we gotta get rid of you."
"It was inevitable this shit was going down, man."""
He's a pirate.
You can't even tell a damn lie.
"Coming up to you on the street like that, that was a stupid move."
You look incredibly fucking much The Prince who ran after he killed the king.
"I think every time he shoots it, it's going to take more out of him."
"Bro, that's a dick-flick."
It is fucking endless.
What the hell is wrong with that boy?
Come and help me slay them.
"Put you in a Land Rover, you choose an animal and shoot."
Blow them out of the sky.
"And when he caught on, they killed him."
"Actually, I'm going to hurt you an awful lot."
"Patient comes from a family of jerks, I get it."
"There he lay... poet, prophet, outlaw, fake."
"Get the hell out of my office, Cameron."
Took me a long damn time to haul her ass up here.
"And now, Mel, you may take your place as a leader in the realm of witches."
You are a horrible dinner guest.
"Now I want her back, unharmed... or else I tell your pathetic story to the cops."
"I'm too smart. Yeah, Mommy must be proud of her little psycho."
Or write scary bitch and stuff like that on my Twitter
"""Crap,"" said Ivan, after a moment's silence."
"The bastard battalion from Vietnam, the unlogged, unsanctioned, unacknowledged collection of killers and misfits who roamed the jungles of Southeast Asia directed by Command Saigon, the original death squads who brought Saigon more intelligence input than all the search-and-destroys put together."
"Fuckin' tie, I said."
God damn.
Cut him out!
"Do you like, like femmy girls or like butchy girls?"
"'Tuppence a bowl or I'll cut my throat, eh?'"
"That hurt, you little fuck."
"I was shot while being robbed by one of the men who was supposed to bring us our dope, which is the reason I'm sitting here eating a shitty doughnut, talking to you with this briefcase in my hand."
We dump her in the lake.
And a total sociopath.
I don't have a fucking plan.
But are you willing to damn the woman you love?
You couldn't knock a shit out of a paper bag full of shit.
Play dead.)
"Let's cover her up... saw it in a film once, some shit about respect for the dead."
"As he turned, the little, mean-faced man drew a revolver from his belt and shot the giant in the back."
You'll die there in 12 days.
"Quite frankly, this reads like a son of a bitch that's afraid to die alone."
"Tell me this, how are you and I gonna resolve our shit?"
"'This is sheer idiocy,' Annias declared."
I don't like blowjobs very much.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Can you even imagine what kind of wedding I could throw if I actually gave a crap?
You wacky Beatle.
And who are these urchins?
"Ehren, he has a fucking gun."
Don't fuck around!
"They are fat, and they're pudgy!"
"I'm not smart enough, as opposed to this genius who's being screwed."
"Boy. She is nasty, Miles."
American custom be damned. I want you to have the blonde.
"Stop, asshole!"
Our technology is so far in advance of your pathetic efforts.
Damn good job.
You're not a woman and you're not a human being.
"Ellie, hit me."
"""Yeah, yeah, witness testimony is a bitch,"" Zerbrowski said."
your brain is something like this --
I told you. She only has thighs for me.
"I wouldn't dance with him for all of Derbyshire, let alone the miserable half."
"We should toast to Emma, who thanks to her idiot father, is now gonna be a social outcast for the rest of her life."
"Yeah, well, Rick and his pals are probably knee-deep in whores by now."
It's cheap shit anyway.
Yes. They must fear the madman Richard Nixon.
"Oh, shit, yeah?"
"We've got to start punching, Chris."
None of your damn business! Now get going!
And the other half couldn't give a shit if we died right here and now.
Why don't you give that poor old devil a chance?
"Damn, it's grainy."
"Now, Raymond, suffocate Private Baker."
I can't believe you smoked and drank and were such a slut.
You're not afraid to die?
"""I mean it's ridiculous!"
What the hell was that for?
"Two days hence, our champion will take to the sands to face another of Vettius' shit-eating dogs."
Did Bates fuck that chick or something?
Preston Rogers? No shit. No.
"Ever since he moved in here, it's been one endless parade of whores."
He's going to die.
It's my fucking car.
"I've seen a man's hand get chopped off... ...I've been shot at, dug up a grave, stolen a car, jumped on a freaking train."
"It’s not my fault, beast."
Follow him into a bathroom when he gets a blow job in a stall?
They pull orphaned children off the streets and train them day and night to be killers.
"Sir, we shoot in the forest."
"Anyway, I'll get rid of that God of Disease for you."
"I kill 14 people, and that's it?"
She's a cunt!
"If you did that, I would make love to you right now."
God damn.
She wants some motherfuckin' payback.
To vibrate the pond scum.
"A marvelously well-geared tongue and a lively pen, magnificent teeth and faultless innards, and a well-employed sexual apparatus."
Big-ass lobster?
Black people hated Sheriff Call because he killed so many of us during his two terms in service.
"When it was just you and your fat chain-smoking ma against the world, laughing was quite often the only way you could get through with-out going insane and beating your fists on the walls."
"""Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?"" said one of the twins."
Beauty is a destructive angel.
Right. -Shit.
Just trace the fucking car.
I don't fuckin' know what we're gonna do.
"You're not screwing with me, are you? -What?"
Imagine his surprise when you rape his nation!'
Idiots these days How can you leave like that?
I need your balls.
"They're predators, plain and simple."
I did that stupid fucking poll a week ago.
Where the hell you going?
"Get down, don't fucking move."
I was a chickenshit.
"This stuff with Liam-- that must suck, huh?"
"I said to get out, so get the fuck out!"
One... - Fuck yo mama.
You bet your sweet ass!
Where the hell are you gonna take him?
I do love your bloody cooch.
Got enough shitty news for one day.
He was all painted up white like some kind of dead whore.
"Gunner tries to kill you, you shoot him and, at death's door, he gives you the whole layout?"
I don't know what the fuck he's doing.
"Eat that, city college and wash it down with a nice tall glass of suck it."
"I mean, if... If there is even a chance that this guy is Tully's secret weapon... ...we're gonna need a hell of a lot more than his goddamn grade point average!"
"He lost his car. He lost his friggin' teeth, man."
Don't you fucking get it? I don't want to talk about it!
Did I hear the rumor he was gay? Yeah.
Take advantage of our penny pussy sale.
"The witch, Elizabeth!"
Gordon Ramsay has got to get through her thick skull.
Sailing to death.
Marco's no gallery owner-- he's a pimp.
"Quit playing and open the damn case, Jerry."
"Hey, inglés, maybe you learn too damn fast."
Fat-tailed dunnart
"""Yes, it has something to do with my disguise,"" he mimicked, ""and, so help me, partner or no, if you let that smile get away, I'll punch your lights out."
Don't blame me for this shit.
Throw it on the ground.
You fiicking killed him?
You really have such crooks?
Shit. I'm going to be late.
He can die contentedly.
I'll teach you how to 'kill time#
A bunch of peace keepers that don't know what the fuck they're doing.
Useless.
"Max, can I interrupt this episode of ""Ass Chat"" and talk to you outside for a second?"
"It's pretty ridiculous, but after being with Uncle Enzo for a while, she's definitely into it."
Who left the monster log that we can't fucking flush?
"I shot Mr. Brady in the head, made violent love to Miss Morris... and set fire to 300,000 copies of Little Women."
"Blow up the hotel, if you like."
The fuck you know about what my mama would've done.
But the latter's final announcement of her marriage in Australia bewildered him lest what he might say should do his ignorant wife an injury.
Why don't you just shoot him now?
Really? I hope his dick is bigger than his I.Q.
This is about fucking over your boss?
And I have to fucking...
"Your beady eyes creep me out, And that gaudy tunic makes your hips look fat."
Josie's a smackhead.
"That bestial, animal face - jaws open in a gaping laugh - and the crimson forked tongue that vibrated like a crippled snake in the cavern of his throat!"
We are not goanna kill a goatin this man's backyard.
No. Stay here and work Dante's murder.
Women suck blood out of men every day.
"Liars... For my next trick, ambassador orgo,"
"What happened, my dear Zero, is I beat the living shit out of a sniveling little runt called Pinky Bandinski who had the gall to question my virility, because if there's one thing we've learned from penny dreadfuls, it's that, when you find yourself in a place like this, you must never be a candy-ass."
I'm not opening anything. - Open the door. We can't get anything sorted until you open the damn door.
"Oh, holy fuck !"
You seem you favor their fucking company.
What the hell are you doin'?
You're a joke.
"You wanna burn it down and out ofthe pipes,... ..force it in here, slam the door,and trap its ass?"
Fucking-A. Send him over.
Don't even suck on it if you don't want to burn your lips.
"Both got dumb-ass white-trash names starting with J, played football for BT High."
Stop thinking with your Dick.
You might have told us that bit of business before we almost got our asses shot off?
I think it's okay if you feel horny and fucked up at the same time.
"He appreciates it, Max, but take your ass home."
Chop me into bits.
"Gators have internal sex organs. It's, it's difficult to tell."
Your God's gonna provide a fuckin' ram instead of you?
"""And if it is a Sartan,"" muttered Haplo beneath his breath, leaning back in the small uncomfortable chair and stretching his legs, ""may my lord keep me from ripping out the bastard's heart!"""
How do you know I had sex with Thomas?
"Well, he's a little fuckin' agitated."
What pilot was crazy enough to fly into Cham-poluc at such an hour?
Apart from that lunatic this morning.
I thought the deal was we'd be working our own shit.
"Hell, Stanley!"
"(Sweetheart, you not only have a dirty mind-but it veers.)"
They scattered like cockroaches when the American turned on them.
"Shit, put the flashlight down!"
There's a damn minefield down there.
Worthy only of death.
"Using live bait, you dirty fuzz?"
That piece of shit couldn't be a gangster if he owned New York City.
"Yeah, realistic, not fucking gay as shit."
I didn't know I had this little brat.
"More like a leech, she was always trying to hit him up for money."
"Get out of here, God damn it!"
Didn't I say I would kiss you before you die?
How the fuck are they tracking us at night?
"Damn it, where is everybody? Bruno!"
Adolphe is a small snake in a little cage.
He ain't buying shit from me.
"Father was inside their shack only a short time, which suited me, as the oldest boy, Caleb, my age or near it, was pestering me to get down and come see a new litter of pigs."
"""Destroy her when that seems best, Daneel."
"Caesar must die."""
She gave a shitty interview.
"… hear this, man, or you want to stay ignorant the ress of your life?"
You're the only future for this godforsaken family.
Guess you guys don't think Turner was such a nut after all.
Bitch!
She's a party to attempted murder.
A bit of a pervert that way.
Ruathain took a blow to the head from the flat of a sword blade.
I shot a deer right off your front porch on a butte just like that.
He lowered his head to her breasts before entering her.
Throw him with the Locksley lot.
Dick's ass is grass.
"Alright child, crying won't help us, we'll figure something out. He'll kill me!"
"If you want proof of that, you take a fucking look at me."
You'll be in the bloody car three hours a day.
"Charlie's good friend Billy Black believed, though even Jacob, his own son, thought he was full of stupid superstitions."
The king stepped in and sent a left hook into Conn's unprotected face.
If he has sex with a student …
"Lord Darlington, you depraved man."
"Personally, I think it's all just New Age crap, but from your tear-filled, puppy dog eyes,"
"When they got there, Dad gave the bitch the boot and they lived happily ever after."
"You know, I'm not a little girl anymore and you don't have to be a dick about this!"
What the hell are ethics?
When you gonna grow up so I can ravage you?
"Now, you can't move too good, huh? You can't breathe too good. What the hell is the matter with you, dude?"
Like cursing Katie Bell and hoping that in return she'd bear a cursed necklace to me?
Because some dick drug dealer... sold him roofilin and told him it was ecstasy.
"Oh, my God. What the fuck is up her ass?"
Don't say one more fucking word to me.
His brains are enough!
What? What the bloody hell is the harvest?
"What the (fuck) are you doing, Perd Hapley?"
How the hell did we get ourselves into this?
"I can't fucking believe it Well, there's no other choice but to get in the water and pick up dinner, no?"
As long as Eddie and I kill the head vampire before you feed.
"Once you're dead, you're dead. It's as simple as that."
"And by ""migraine,"" I mean ""bitch fit."""
You break into Muller's house and you kill 2 men.
"If I do it, will you shut up?"
"I'll pray for your soul, sue your ass into the dirt, and wait for the day I can beat it bloody."
He's one of Targo's thugs.
Oh! Holy crap!
Damned ugly things lasted forever if you wanted them to.
She'd tried to draw a big rat made up of little rats:
Let's just get some coffee and get the fuck outta Nevada... before house-keeping shows up.
How the fuck are you?
Who can force you to kill your child?
"""Suck in your gut, Caramon,"" he ordered irritably."
"If the drow returned and extinguished that cherished! light in Catti-brie's eyes, then Drizzt Do'Urden would die a thousand horrible deaths."
"Maybe he was a doper, or a diabetic."
Maybe you should be wearing Trash Talk.
We lost the signal. - Shit!
"I mean, now you sound like the same scary loner bitch who rode in here on a motorcycle five years ago."
Kick-Ass Red without any fog.
"Kavula is best remembered for his slanderous ""Don't Vote for Stupid!"" campaign."
"Goddamn it, will one of you guys answer me?"
"It's in case our species do meet, you don't have a fucking spaz attack! I did not have a spaz attack!"
He forced me to launder money or he would kill Amanda.
Just look at how crooked they all are.
Get your asses off the boat.
"Without this guy, Id be dead."
lan killed Patterson for it. And he killed your lovely Andrea for it.
Some assholes tell me I'm lucky.
Damn German engineering.
"You're reprehensible, do you know that?"
Think that's gonna happen to me? Yes! I'm fucking terrified of it!
It was a dumb idea.
What the hell is that?
I want him to have a military burial.
Stand away from that lady!.
You little prick.
Felt he deserved to suffer.
"I admit, for the last 20 years I've been a lying, double-crossing... ...two-faced, backstabbing, despicable crook."
Your Mom's sick.
Come here to kill me!
"An evil person,who deserves to be punished."
Get the hell out of here!
I'm not the jackass who gets upset when someone doesn't call.
Where the fuck am I meant to go?
Y'all was rotten kids. You was.
"You guys, you're the actors. It's up to you... to change Brian Slade, pop singer, into Maxwell Demon, space-age fucking superstar!"
"I say, ""Fuck, I have to try in the last corner."""
"Etienne,I really fucked up."
"I know, but she's kind of a bully!"
She smelled... sour.
She has obvious delusions with paranoid schizophrenic tendencies.
I will not fucking die for this!
Kill them?
"I would recall all those bastards and put the screws in them, but that hill is very important to our negotiations."
He's psychotic on the subject.
You got to fucking calm down.
My life sucks the most because my license got suspended.
"it stinks, Jerry."
"I might be a little pale on the outside, but my blood runs Negro, woman."
"Don't fuck it up, John."
Wipe your ass with your fingers!
Is there a freaking pineapple embargo or what?
I'm such a loser when it comes to guys.
"You want to jerk off, you go back to your office."
Uri knows how to get the fuck outta here.
Nobody fucks with my family.
Shit. Anybody would.
"Oh, shit."
What the hell for?
I'm not a goddamn plumber.
"I can't let you in 'cause you're old as fuck, for this club, not, you know, for the Earth."
Prick your finger and put a little blood on this apple.
"Depending on their ass. If we don't score ourselves, we're gonna be stuck with them all fucking night."
"Oh, that's an offensive term for a lesbian woman."
Nobody can be ruthless enough to kill that many!
Beat his brains in!
"That's right, you get the fuck out of my house!"
"In a couple of weeks, no one would give a shit about you."
"Stand up, fucker!"
Ridiculous little man.
"Gro-lims were everywhere, and secularism was a form of heresy to them."
"Ari, you've got the missus' best friend's dinner tonight. Oh, fuck."
In your bloody dreams!
"You enjoy your little playtime with my son, but my baby is a superstar, and he ain't settling for no cougar bitch who's clearly taking advantage of his mommy issues."
Nutteccio and Armand will be dead.
Give me a fuckin' break!
"Yeah, and then Bryce is standing there, and he's describing in really, really sick fucking detail... like ""blood and guts on the wall"" detail... how he killed buck in Tara's head."
It was the most disturbing shit I've seen in my entire life... ...and I have seensome pretty disturbing shit.
He's divorced and miserable.
"Yes, their sex."
"He'd been flirting with a young female Tsalmoth who was playing dumb teckla maiden, while Mellar pretended he believed it."
"All right, you go in at 8:00 a.m., just as she opens up. You put her old ass in the back room, you empty the vault, the cash, the trays and you dump it in a fucking sack."
"Oh, shit. Jesus Christ, what if it's poisonous?"
"Exactly, because I'm across the-- If I'm across the border and you're over there, there's no way you-- I love this jurisdiction shit!"
"Well, that's a pretty ridiculous hypotheses, Naomi... ...because by that notion, the moon would be out there right n..."
The deformed man gave a narrow smile.
It can't be any worse than you being shit face on beer all the time.
This signal simply communicates an exact and almost pathetic sense of how far that being is from the place of his birth.
"No, it's crap."
"It's one thing to read about shit, something different when you're forced to deal with it on a regular basis."
"Mexico is a great country, not just the third-world crap bucket you like to see."
He's a bloody powder keg.
Something's... Fucked up.
"Sarah's dead, and it's your fault."
This is fucking We Need To Talk About Vod.
"Now that you successfully bug the wolf right out of him, that's disgusting."
"You're the only fuckin' problem here, old man."
What'll I do with that? Stab myself?
Don't forget the garbage
"Tell them you're a big, dumb kid that was held back for 20 years."
"This job isn't easy, however those clowns may behave."
You must beat them away with a stick.
I thought this shit lives forever online.
We're not fucking waiting!
You zip your vagina.
"You move the guns, and I'll stay here and push your damn button for you."
"That's all you got? -Fuck, man!"
"It's a simple question, dammit!"
"See, they don't know a damn thing."
What the fuck did you just say to me?
Put a bounty on their heads.
"You bet your ass, bubba."
"Leon stole more than enough, in fact, to make it worth us killing a cop."
"What the hell's the matter with you?"""
What the hell happened to you?
She laid the vial aside and with a jerk ripped open the bodice of her robe.
"You just killed a general officer, mister!"
"Let me tell you something, asshole. We've been working on this Jimmy Serrano thing for about six years."
But I was mostly ignorant.
You wanted me to turn her on so then you could watch us fuck.
You'll be disgrace to our family!
"Oh, my God. I have never seen so many ugly men in all my life."
"Now, if you can't do that, why don't you fuck off?"
"Idee fixe, the instructor, a prissy little man with a toothbrush mustache, had called it."
How do we kill them?
I sell boner pills and baby laxatives.
I own all of Steve Winwood's shit.
"You know what? Next time I buy you a Suze Orman book, I'm gonna throw it in the trash myse..."
You made sure of that when you snuck up behind me and hit me in the head.
That's you having sex with a guy in the top half of a Chewbacca costume.
He's a fake.
"You're dead, this is the afterlife."
The fuckin' thing has been there for three days?
I sleep with your daughter.
Remind me to avoid every damn one of them the next time I join a game of bones !
"Palm Mortuary, owned by an offshore holding company... ...which, after 1 7 layers of bullshit... ...turns out to be registeredto Donna Maria Tapia... ...mother of Hector Juan Carlos Tapia,who calls himself Johnny."
"Bill, you were just licking blood out of my head."
"That we're fucking, okay?"
"And next time you're pissed off about something... ...don't keep it inside for 10 years, say it like a fucking man!"
"Charlie, I'm not gonna lie to some poor woman so you can dump her."
"And tomorrow, one of you is going to be a loser."
"""How does he kill them without leaving any marks?"""
"""The Aging Potion, dung brains,"" said Fred."
As if you don't know how twisted you men are.
"So crap like this, catching a junior officer in an obvious lie..."
"shoot,anders!"
"Guy's a cop killer, doesn't deserve our help."
Fucks up my nails.
When it's your own brother who got that slut's sister pregnant?
"Ooh, oh, shit."
"He was quite plump for a rat, but when his feet were dancing he could float across the floor like a balloon."
I would love whoever's killing off my family's head on a platter.
Were you so arrogant to believe that I would contemplate marrying you?
"Call the shot,"" he said quietly, and Hernando nodded."
I have seen girls destroy men without lifting a finger.
Holy shit!
Just a shitty little kiss?
None of them cocksuckers got away from me.
Just tell me what the hell to do!
I have tons of dogs to incinerate.
"Clyde-o, I'm just fucking with you."
"You think you're real smart, getting this shit on tape, huh?"
"Peter, sometimes you're so insensitive, and you make me so angry, I just want to clock you in the jaw."
We're all three twerps.
"Shit, is her dad with her?"
So I hit her... on the head... and it was on the head.
The shit that went down last week?
See if you can get his ass out of that chair.
"If I come out in a hurry, gun the thing and pick me up on the run."
"Oh! It's perfectly fine to cut off one of his arms then, is it Zhaan!?"
I just had me an assgasm!
How would he ensure that? Kill his real target first.
All those times we've met and neither of you said a word Damn you!
This is fucking bullshit!
I swear I didn't know they were gonna kill him.
How much does all this crap cost?
I'm not some faggot officer.
"Jesus, you almost broke your damn neck."
You'll catch your death of cold.
"you saying the culture, art and music against the millions put to death by your cowards?"
"But then here's where the rockland U. Students, who I normally mock because their brains are tiny, mushy, and unformed, they got very creative on me."
Caramon nodded like a charlatan cleric.
Shit.
"Damn, what a smell."
Where's the damn rescue party?
Crap...
It's the same fucking thing.
"Take the tape off your eyes and shit out of your throat, and wake up. ...is if we suddenlystopped the procedure."
"And when I watched him watching Revenge of the Nerds, just something clicked in him, which was, he was learning that, like, the bullies and the assholes end up last, and the nerds and the nice guys win."
"Yeah, just the son who slit her throat."
"She said yes, you smart-ass."
You should hire a fucking Mexican like I hired in my fucking house.
"I tried waking you for a little nooky, but you sleep like a corpse."
"What the fuck, wanda?"
Stop fucking with me!
Men deserve injustice.
Could you shoot this off for me? - Yeah.
"I killed peoplewith my powers, okay?"
"Damn, I've had enough."
"He's taking the piss, Owen, and it's you letting him do it."
Murdering your wife on your honeymoon.
"Damn it, I threw it in the lake."
"Crazy, man."
Like I don't wanna be anywhere near you when those beads pop off and shoot people in the face.
"Apparently, I Like The Ones Who Get Drunk On Thanksgiving And Almost Die."
Those goddamn things are calling us out.
Julia is a dyke.
According to the law which says if you kill somebody... ...you gotta be killed yourself.
"We know that the Spacers, have robots, depend on them, go nowhere without them, can't do a thing without them, are parasites on them, and we're sure they're fading away because of them."
What the hell are you looking at?
"Why in the hell d'you want to come to Big Tuna, Sail'?"
You could save that poor devil's life.
To tell Andie she's gonna die?
"it would be adultery. if you get horny, you're my brother."
"Nick, we'll contact you as soon as we find the parents so you can kick some alien buttocks."
I taught this little slut everything she knows.
Why the fuck are we running?
Damn this desert is hot
My crackhead sister raised me?
"You're gonna check everybody's shit out, one garage after another?"
What filthy creature of the night dares call by day?
"Every spring, the women of New York... ... leave the foolish choices of their past behind and look forward to the future."
Stupid. I remember.
Slap me!
Get the Hell out of my face.
You use that or I'm gonna use it on you!
He'd be workin` on this shit day and night.
"This sounds as if I were jealous of a boy I'll never see over a girl I have never seen, but that is ridiculous."
Poor bastard.
You and that Indian.
Do you have any idea what hell is I
It's just such a damn surprise.
Tell him you're saving up to buy your own goddamn bar.
You pretend that it's the last name of a fucking guest?
"She's a spunky, redheaded rag doll."
"What are we, like, magnets for fucking craziness or somethin'?"
There are pretty much no butch women in L.A.
And the Emmy goes... to Edward fucking Nero.
"Sucks I gotta work on a Saturday, but at least she's hot."
"I came back in time for you Kung Fury, because, damn it, I love you."
"We used to watch him at the Palace Picture House, and then dance round the front room like lunatics."
This stinks. No fair.
You should give blood.
"Who does shit like that, man?"
And know how it fucking feels to be helpless.
"And suddenly he gets very tender, and I scream at him that he's mad and that his hypocrisy makes me sick."
If Saraiva catches you this time... you're dead for sure.
The best places to give yourself an injection are: the front of your waist (abdomen); your buttocks; the front of your thighs or upper arms.
"Hey, clean this shit up, too."
And if he isn't... ...he fucking should be.
"Think of a name for my baby. Bastard. Good, huh?"
"How about a little respect, jackass?"
The fam-damn-ily.
"Dad, I'll take revenge for them"
"""It was scary enough, but . . . it felt so damned good to sh-shoot those things I was so scared of."""
And I'm spanking him so hard his grad students won't be able to sit down.
Are you actually having sex with this creep?
"Oh, it's a blue, sick world, Rip."
"The next time he hits you, fuck him up."
Are you rabid?
Get your asses off the mud and go home.
You are a hell of a woman.
"Now, I bought your chit, you're about to grow me some shit."
The monster... ...the freak is leaving.
He's the gay of my dreams.
"If someone pisses you off, just lay on your horn and use your middle finger."
Get the damn landing gear up!
"You use the resources we have at our disposal, your ass is covered if everything goes south."
"Then we went into the bathroom to drink, - and crazy girls in these crazy dresses... -"
"They'll take your money, and then... they'll cut your heads!"
"She-she is sexy and womanly and she smokes a pipe, she can blow them rings over her head and..."
Put a shooter up on the roof with a Barrett.
"You know, I'm a seven on the roll now, but I'm a 10 the hard way, and I ain't just talkin' crap,"
"You want me, whose hand-eye coordination is almost nonexistent even when completely sober, to sit down and shoot aliens, or dodge bombs, or roll marbles at a frenzied pace that only neo-adolescents can enjoy?"
I understood why he wanted to live such a trashy life.
Where did I put my damn boots?
"October 29, 1979 Well, shit, drunk again."
You want to fucking tell me?
Why don't I hang you up among these pretty angels... and all this beauty?
"I am not fucking a guy, Tanya."
It was faster to do it that way than it would have been to duplicate Trogite coins and then spend the rest of the afternoon haggling with some smelly old fisherman.
"Well, then I would marry Daniel Craig, I'd fuck Sean connery, and I'd kill Timothy Dalton."
Can you see the look on my parents' face if a black kid showed up?
"Hey, fucko, you forget four of our guys got killed?"
Why don't you tap that into your computer and figure that shit out?
"FITCH: Barney lived simple. All work, all the time, 24/7."
"You told him to, you moron."
You look awful fat in those pants.
And he swore a great oath! Traitor!
"Otherwise, you're dead to me."
"May I have his permission to kill myself?"""
Cos they were scared that I was gonna tear it into strips to hang myself.
Kids from Baca to Yemen are nuts for her. Anyway.
So Jones is threatening to kill hundreds of people unless I take a test.
Stay off my fucking block!
"She could prove to be useful down the road, And moving her now would be as good as killing her."
Turning this town into an orgy from hell.
What should I have done with these morons?
I pity havin'to raise a sexual devia.
There's some seriously weird shit going on with your eyes!
We found semen inside Kaba.
"You're absolutely right, damn it."
I don't have to take this from you stupid nerds!
Get the fuck out from in front of the TV.
It smells like a billy goat here! It's repulsive!
"Kill people?"""
"So, I slid my hand between her legs again, and she closed her thighs."
"Why doesn't he just put a curse on you, bump you off, forget about them?"
"Ira, this is deep shit."
These people make me sick... but the law's been broken.
Why're these Whitey buffoons playing a kid's game then?
What the fuck?
Honestly. Just because we're camping doesn't mean you get to act like a pig.
What's wrong with you? Goddamn!
Get off my fuckin' brother!
"Say hi to your doggie you will never get me or that moolah, even though it's right under your big fat nose."
I told that nigga before I got out I ain't got no more of that money.
DID YOU THINK YOU COULD BEAT ME!
You want me to piss in the sink?
"He's not in a bad mood, Scoob he's a monster."
"Man, you scare the shit out of me when you time-travel like that."
What the fuck is Calvados?
"Hey! Oh, shit!"
He wanted to kill you.
It's Salluste! He wanted to kill the King.
"Look, Andy, Im afraid I gotta hit you hard."
Get the fuck out of my house!
The world is full of sluts on skates.
"""Knock up a stranger and have a child out of wedlock."""
She's veal and I'm jerky.
"You'll never get out of here alive, you arsehole!"
"And he had muttered fondly that she was a crazy fat broad, but she assured him that she knew a guy who would, for suitable consideration, look the other way while they took a research deep-driller out of Messina, where there was this adit that led right into the main chamber of Stromboli."
He feels you'll be extremely motivated in resolving this matter... ...despite my urging him... ...to fire your fucking ass and have you fed to the fish.
She's going to start the ceremony by executing off- worlders.
I'll show them what a baron you are.
Stop acting all cool you hobo.
"'Those clowns who dress up and pretend to fight old battles with blunt swords,' he said."
"""Aren't we a bunch of fuckwits?"
You won't win a Pulitzer for filth.
"You are a mere trush,and yet, so much more."
"Now, it's useless for you to hit me."
I let you punch a hole in the wall.
I paid my money. They took my money. I should be able to do what the fuck I want!
Have sex with Jerry. No.
"Glancing upward, above Solon's head, in exaggeration of the man's height, he said, ""You're the tallest damn dwarf I've ever encountered, Solon!"""
"You don't have enough, you can't piss with the big dogs."
"And if that's not enough, now my friends all laugh at me 'cause they think I look ridiculous, funny and pink."
She's a waste of taxpayer money.
Why are you standing in the middle of the room talking to yourself like a crazy person?
Then you better stop spending all your time Putting out his fires and start doing your damn job.
"""If I were king, then I'd make the goddamned rules!"""
"Look, nigger, if we low, it 'cause String want us that way."
She'd have to lie down on the bed and work 'em over her thighs.
Confess and you may receive a quick death.
The treatment might've pushed him to kill himself...
"""Maybe if we hang her from the ceiling?"""
I want to have sex with your words.
"Lou, I've been down there one goddamn day."
"But if you think I'm gonna sit here and let you dangle me with this, You can go to hell... and marshall too."
What the hell's that all about?
"And the only one that'll take you is the worst football team in Europe, the London Silly Nannies."
That's the third time this week I've nearly killed that innocent girl.
Marge and I will never grow old together and live like fat cats on Social Security.
"Damn, our father would have loved to have seen that."
"I'm leaving for five minutes, by which time... ...that disgusting object had better be removed."
We do one good story together and suddenly I'm your bitch?
I knew Stahl was setting Opie up as a rat.
"Pull this shit again, you don't get to be my best man."
"That money is not going to junkies to help with their families. It sure as shit is not going to us, 'cause I haven't had a raise in four years, all right?"
I will mace you.
What you can't do is shut up.
"If Lois gets a tan, the kid could kick through her stomach."
"""Stupidity?"
Get off of me!
"If you want, I'll show you me fanny."
"And with all due respect, sir, your intel kind of sucks."
"If I wanted to be psychoanalyzed, I'd get Wilson to give me the shot."
What the hell are you doing?
Shoot!
"And two, you need something to distract from your horrible personality."
I'll stay in bed... ...drink... ...make love... ...and forget the whole damn business.
You're a very talented con artist.
Shut him up. Help!
I'm his fucking lawyer.
I sure am hearing a lot of bitching from people who live in my house for free.
"Wrote it for my missus who's as bad as they come, but I love her sick."
"My God, I'm fucked! Remove that thing!"
It seems that it has hired Strickland to kill the Canter.
"Jesus Christ, Gina, let's just fuckin' go and talk, all right?"
Cathy and christopher are mean.
But how do I live with a woman... ...who would dosome crazy shit like that?
So we could do him a favor and put him out of his misery.
"Shut up. Just, just, just shhh."
That maniac?
"Yum, yum, chook's bum."
My penis could literally grow an eyeball and I wouldn't tell you about it.
I have people who give a shit about me.
Bullshit. Who wrote that?
I will kill this girl.
You were too chicken to fight him
power rangers mistic forse amnesia ibiza hentai 2girls1cup wwe akon bb8 big brother hanah montana sex scenes xxx orgasm pamela anderson sex video sexy girls linkin park kama sutra nude jonas brothers enrique iglesias basshunter
No girl in her right mind is going to have sex with that.
Why do not you shooting?
Get out of the bloody way!
"They give her so much, she saves her path and trades it off Bill for butts."
"Look, I know you get some dirty guy coming up to you on the street-- you don't know him."
I don't give a fuck where.
Preposterous twaddlecock!
Apparently The People's Republic of none-of-your-damn-business can be a dangerous place.
What if that's a fool's hope?
"Currently, he's with these pussies at Ultimate Bet."
Like sleep with women that aren't my wife.
"And damn cold comfort."""
Even my friend Jill Valentine was seized and brainwashed by Umbrella. Shoot to kill.
"Once he looked straight across at me, and in his face was all the dumb pathos of the wounded and hunted animal."
"I'm stuck in the pit protecting smackheads and gangbangers with my idiot interns, and you're getting mcdreamied in the elevator?"
With the girl-children there was no problem with their earning their keep; no virgin was ever too ugly.
"Schyler, this is the one from L.A.The big, dumb one I told you about."
"A joint, weed, shit ,...?"
He's an oddball.
What are we going to do when that brat gets here?
"When that anxiety hits, it's terrifying... ...because you're like, ""Maybe I'm really going crazy. Maybe I've finally fucked with my head enough... ...that I just detached from reality."""
I hate them.
"Oh, shit."
C.R.S. is a disease where you can't remember shit.
"Fucking guy ran 100 yards with a bullet in his heart, Dougy."
Really need help... ...they let you hang.
"Your husband abused Eva, and was molesting Zoe too."
I don't give a damn about your crocodile!
I'm asking you nicely to just do the right thing and leave us the fuck alone.
"Fuck, now is the battery."
"God damn it, Darry!"
I just can't wait to get in a hot bath and soak this infected toenail.
It's more like a third of a dick.
"No no, me and my stupid butterfingers."
You're my partner. Shut up.
Gran is dead 'cause of you.
"You can't, Sal! For fuck's sake!"
"Tea, fuck yeah I wanna come up for tea."
I can throw up on you again.
So I don't know care what a hobo sob story you got!
"Dispatch, this is Detective McKay. Son of a bitch stole a police uniform."
We just want to get back to our hotel rooms... and have some really serious sex.
Teen lesbians!
"Yes, If memory serves me, one that's petrified of women."
No shit!
At that moment the idiot comlog bracelet on my wrist started vibrating its inner lining against my skin like one of those antique soundless alarm watches.
"You haven't the maturity to take care of yourself, let alone your mother."
This is why mothers should drown baby girls.
"She has a broken nose, vaginal tears"
"Now the question is, how many of them are goons?"
He's gagging!
What a fuckin' coincidence!
"Unbelievable what a sucker you are, unbelievable."
"Third, a strategy they are known for they say they want peace and stab us in the back."
"Now, at forty-four, Jarid was an accomplished killer."
"Come on, shut up."
"Thanks for starting the killing spree for me, Riddick."
What the fuck are you...
The bitch won't let him in.
He did not care a rat's ass about her.
"See you, suckers. Bon voyage. And bon appétit."
"Möbius came to me on his knees for you, and what are you after all but an ingrate?"
That and the fact that I lust after his body something terrible.
"Then they killed Martin and Bobby, they elected Tricky Dick twice, and now people like you think ... I must be miserable because I'm not involved anymore."
That's a big-ass cat.
"Shit, the Nazi destroyer."
It is your damn fault!
"A crazy farmer named harold clark is driving up to washington, d.C."
What the hell did I have to offer a kid?
"Trash Can, wait up!"
Those files you stole... these dismemberments were executed with surgical precision.
Who the hell would do something like that?
She just called me an asshole.
"Far better... to fuck on an empty stomach, don't you think?"
I hate girls who can't behave when they're even more drunk.
"Man, they knew you were gonna rat."
I did it the last fucking time.
I knew he was fucking lying!
I took his virginity.
So how the hell did you know?
"Amputate, amputate! -"
So you gotta fucking enjoy them.
We can't keep this shit here.
My team doesn't wait around to get hit by a shitstorm.
And a crappy New Year.
"Some days you feel so strong and then, other days, you're like: what the fuck am I doing?"
The ship was shot to hell.
"I'm leaving for five minutes, by which time... ...that disgusting object had better be removed!"
Fuck off!
"Fuck, why didn't I remember that?"
It's like I've had a bad tooth for years and I'm just finally getting my tongue in there and I'm digging out all the rotten shit.
You know how tired of this shit I am?
"We're shooting everywhere at everything, until nightfall."
"God, how I fought him. The one thing... ...I tried to carry pure and unscathed through the sewer of our marriage... ...through the sick nights and the pathetic, stupid days... ...through the derision and the laughter."
Let's knock 'em out quick.
"Well, that's because you screwed up."
"What a crappy extinguisher, it's useless!"
You look nasty.
This thing's dead.
She didn't know thate was a pedophile when she baked the actual cake.
Steve looked over at her and suddenly wondered if her pussy was tight.
I just wanted an autograph. - Fuck you.
"No, he's fat."
"If you say ka one more time, I swear my head'll explode."""
He's way better than those lame purse dogs.
"Tomorrow, I'll see your ass."
Alain doesn't care a damn.
What the hell? You okay?
Shit! You gotta be kidding me.
"Hey, I hope they're just fucking with us."
You scorned pig's blood and said it was good only for freshening the earth.
She was a snitch for the cop.
"""Want to talk about fucking?"""
And the officer behind him wouldn't stop staring at my ass.
"You are gonna bore me to death, fella!"
"In the name of Richard, attack and wipe them out!"
"""You'll bleed to death, for God's sake."""
"Your human admirer may not sense it, but I can smell the exquisite stench... of what you really are!"
"I'm not one to advocate violence, but every now and then, people like Natalie need to be punched in the face."
Let's get fucked up.
Do you want to tear off my grandson's head?
What the hell?
"Shit! Hey, hey, hey..."
We sail to scour the world of the savage vermin.
You get your bony ass down here first thing in the morning... ...with a million dollars in folding cash... ...and I'll give you the greatest sword ever made by a man.
"Yes, and I believe you're right - best to be rid of him."
Dirty phone calls.
"Take a child, raise her into a perfect psychopath, introduce her to the Doctor."
"Her name is Um, idiot!"
I stole her from the bitch!
"We're all packed up, but the damn boat doesn't leave till tomorrow morning."
"""Damn nice of you,"" commented Haplo."
"Your car is going to flip, shattering your spinal cord."
Di room. - Butcher.
Are you going for the slutty ballerina look?
On that cold day in early December of '66 he looked one fuck of a lot older than eighteen.
"Look, I didn't hear shit, man."
Got some new shit.
"Well, I'm going to make him crazy."
"I am sick and tired of being exhausted because there's no legal aid for juniors, which means I stay up all night every night working on complex trials only to be told I'm a fat cat by a government full of the fattest cats in the history of fatness!"
Shut up. You're not going anywhere.
Simple... I'd whup his ass till he did talk.
"Look at him, like they don't do this shit every day."
Helena. My whole fucking future.
Piss on your future!
"When you put that artsy shit on the menu, people don't like it."
"""Well, he told me to shove it up my ass—in diplo-speak,"" Hitch told his visitor."
"These people, aside from the occasional lunatic, made very poor choices in life."
You don't have any fucking men.
Don't be such a sour wolf.
But you can't fuck me.
My reputation suffers because of your incompetence!
"I'm a suicide, Angela."
Who the hell Are you people?
You can fucking say that again.
Better than my fucking wife
"One shot, you can go home."
"Come on, Sookie, he's not gonna do shit for us."
"Joe, what the hell are you doing?"
"Like a polar bear, but I got a recipe that'll inject some ghetto back in his ass."
"Okay, okay! Lmagine what three goddamn nukes would do!"
Don't we face enough fucking imponderables?
"And then, he ends up killing her."
He boned her.
That's an act of fucking courage.
Suppose I tell them how you followed her to that studio in Chelsea and watched them cooking spaghetti and all that rubbish.
I'm a nutcase.
"Just get the shot, Earl."
My grandmother would say he bears the stench of madness.
It's dumb. Your hair looks like it's dead.
"Baby, you better sign or seal or spit on whatever you need to end this thing now."
"""Nimitz,"" Honor said severely, ""is a shameless hedonist."""
Barabbas was a bandit.
"Lady, I don't give a rat's ass about your dog, all right?"
"Hell no, I don't trust you."
"""I have lied to you, and I have made a fool of myself,"" he said, not looking up."
Fuck the cab drivers.
You're just being jealous. Shit!
I didn't want to sing the stupid song with you anyway!
"Take the wheel, bitch!"
"So, all you frauds, cheats, phonies, liars--"
"Well, you'd better clean that crap off if you expect me to wear it."
Suck in that gut!
Why don't you just suck him off instead?
"Good, because if you fail, Your last hours on earth will be spent begging for death."
"The way the English say it, it sounds like a fucking vegetable."
"Oh, God, Luke would kill me if he knew I was in your bed."
I've killed two of the officers on board this vessel and locked myself in the comms room.
"It's Edward; he's from the Russians, 'cause the Russians are the only ones that won't take shit from the fuckin' Albanians."
"Say, ""Yes, Seth, I fucking understand."""
You spit in my face?
"""Is he being stupid?"" I asked."
It won't cost until you're dead.
"If the cops know it, sooner or later some rat in that corrupt department they call a security force sells it to the cartels."
"I don't know why you're so fascinated with our sex life... ...but for the record, Jane's an amazing shag."
Who I am... ...is too deep and... You got to go in and pull out the thing... ...like that movie where the thing came out of the stomach... ...and ate the people on the fucking spaceship.
"Oh, shit. There goes my medical insurance."
"Shit, you ain't got no money."
"I will destroy, Caesar. -but..."
I'd rather die than go back to that place.
Humiliating me like this for no damn reason at all?
You are the tip of the fucking spear.
She's a waste of time.
"I wasjust worried my friends would be even more disappointed if it all fell apart. Like things usually did for them, 'cause they'd always been what you call total losers."
JOHNNY: So I gave you the rope to hang yourself with.
Knew you wouldn't be dumb enough to wear a wire.
"Holy crap, this is amazing."
"He says he heard the boy say ""I'm gonna kill you""... and a split second later heard a body hit the floor."
"So some glorified little office boy, junior-executive prick... ...tells the Joan Cusack Experience our stuff isn't commercial?"
"Well, go get the fucking weapons for us to back him, Charlie."
I got my fucking partner shot last night!
You people have no fucking idea.
It's about you flying a goddamn computer console when you want to be out there hopping galaxies.
Cut him off and call the cops!
More likely he's a creepy little pale obsessive freak.
Wish to hell they'd leave me alone.
What the heck when the State pays.
No assault unlessCrosswhite starts shooting.
and make a bonfire of them all.
"If I don't smoke, I'll go fuckin'nuts."
Just don't expect me to take a bullet for that guy.
Hey! So damn cold
"ln the Americas' soil, the white man has planted seeds of hatred... ...the seeds of violence."
"""Fancy thinking the Beast was something you could hunt and kill!"" said the head."
Come on! Shit!
It was Johnny Hopkins and Sloan Kettering... ...and they wereblazing that shit up every day.
Just because you guys started off having hate sex motivated by revenge doesn't mean you're not legit.
"I never made any because there's not gonna be anything on the tapes. It's over, and they'd just be stupid tapes."
You hate the country? - I hate it!
I don't give a fuck what you believe.
"Yeah,I'd hateto stumble across something that if I told meI'd have to kill me,right?"
It's strictly for suckers.
Shut up over there.
"Do you, tell me, do you really have the nerve to die?"
"If there is a God in heaven, He will surely shut your mouth."
The fire doors are down. -Shit!
You got a lot of shit you need to brought up to speed on... and I don't have the goddamn time to hold your hand and walk you through it.
"The bigger the offering, the more time she will have intercourse with him."
"It's my bloody case too, Murdoch."
"Disguise yourself all you want, your rotten stench will never go away."
"They treated her like crap, but she loved the music... ...and idolized Brian."
"Shit, I'd wear panty hose on my face, man!"
"Don't dance, hit him."
This is money someone paid to kill you.
That's enough. Shit!
I'm intellectually committed to loathing them all.
I'll come up with evidence and an alternative killer and write an article so that you and your colleagues will look very foolish.
We got a fucking problem.
"That means ""crazy pig."""
It's a pity you're surrounded by such fools.
My dear! Sweetheart It's this wretched old bed Our hotel rooms were suitably impersonal.
Her husband crashed a car in Spain and incinerated a fucking viscount.
I kill because it's a means to something.
"And before you can go back to your land, you may all be killed, too."
"I told her she was crazy, that you'd never compel me."
Morlock's crazy talk. It's just like Paige's drunk talk.
I do bugger all most days.
"Six weeks in that stinking, filthy hole and there won't be enough left of them to hang."
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard in my entire life!
That bitch don't like me.
One of the requests had been that of either an utter sissy or an outright lunatic.
He's just a fuck of a lot less interesting!
"It would be easy to say that Hiro is a stupid investor and Juanita a smart one, but the facts are a little more complicated than that:"
Wasn't that fucking something else?
There's a price on my head for murder.
"Yeah, she was fired for being shit."
And crucify him well! Biggus!
"""He's only a daft old man."
"Damn, I wish Rick were here."
They stink!
Price-- a kiss on the bum.
You want to make her sick?
Fuck off! Death squads.
"What's fucking glamorous casuals, anyway?"
"I hate everything that comes between your body and mine, even the air."
Oh damn.
And keep trying jack. ******
"Goddamned shame, Mike."
"Impossible tricks that you continually flubbed at home went perfectly, owing to some mysterious spiritual adrenaline that took over your hands and proclaimed, ""Thou shalt not fuck this one up."""
Maybe she’s fucking with you.
I should fuck you up.
"Okay, go ahead and spit."
"Don't bullshit me, more than three months have passed!"
Love makes you crazy. You should call her.
You believe that 1 5 years ago she was a piece of ass?
"I don't need to prove shit to you, man, okay?"
"Junior, the cure is worse than the fucking illness!"
Die with me!
"The guys look up to you so much, and I just was a little jealous. I just said some junk."
I feel ridiculous.
Even the Chief acts like a schmuck in front of her.
I was getting that shit from the Greek's people.
You're... You're saying we should kill one son to save the other? Nick is gonna die either way.
"But if you want somebody to blame, how about those filthy bloodsuckers you love, the Cullen’s?"
"""We thought he'd kill us all before he left,"" Fumalo said, and with none of his previous fuck-you cynicism."
The proper girl in the hat just eye-fucked the shit outta me.
"Damn, it's all your fault"
My roommate's a total pothead. She never comes out of her room. ( laughs )
"If I'm so inept, how come we're having dinner?"
Bite it!
They could be quietly eliminated.
"I love foreplaying with you, lover."
Shit. The family should be abolished!
Get rid of men like Higgins for good.
I mean... I'm sick of being a fuckin' disappointment.
Crazy man.
Jones was hurled into a pile of dung and his gun flew out of his hands.
"""Getting the fuck out of here,"" Tommy-Ray said."
The whole thing was repugnant.
It is dangerous and foolish and unwise.
"And I love... faith, loyalty and all that shit, even now."
Let her fall face down in boiling... bloody... mud!
"No one got away with treating Abner Marsh like that, he thought; not white men nor coloreds nor Red Indians nor any goddamn vampires."
"I'm not blind 23 hours a day or 22 hours a day, I'm blind the whole goddamn time!"
I will hunt you down in 30 days.
How you avoid all that sex in prison?
Burned to death!
"Stale air. Stinky, stale, dank, wonderful air."
You wanna leave here in a body bag?
As yet woman is not capable of friendship: women are still cats and birds.
"See you in three weeks, prick."
How long do you guys give people shit in New York?
Open the damn door!
"Dude, you really don't wanna start comparing stinks."
He's Glissinda the troll.
"I'll run you down, John, and I'll blast your stolen boat out of The River with my boat!"
# Skinhead a bash them
A white trash bartender who barely finished high school?
"Sit the fuck down, Detective."
Just suck in as hard as you can!
The truth is... you're the weak... and I'm the tyranny of evil men.
"–Where'd you get the money from, Wen? –I got a grant. –Just cut the crap, Wendy. –I got a grant, Jon!"
"Oh, who let in Cancer Cunt?"
"No, all this supernatural shit, these killings."
What the hell is this?
"Andy, you moron."
"You screwed us, Walker."
I wanna puke! Come on!
Mount fucking Everest of problems!
"You screw up, you're on your own, Martin."
Marsellus fucked him up good.
"Oops, so do I. Just can't get inside the damn thing."
"Says ""All right, clothes off, get on the bed,"" she lays down, dwarf opens the suitcase and pulls out four springs, puts one on each hand and foot, bounces over and gets on top of her, boing, bouncin' up and down, boing boing, gives her the best shag she's ever had, he's on her for two hours, and it's the best fuck she's ever had."
"We tell 'em they're gonna die. And they never seized the moment, never had a life."
Maybe that's 'cause they think Their crackhead father Is gonna come back And beat their asses again.
"Where is it, you motherfucker?"
"""For your first hit, my first gun."
"""hey, look at that crazy person eating that guy just sitting there, doing nothing."" we've got to give her a dose of her own medicine."
What the fuck does that mean?
"""You were just a little crazy."""
"Ma said this side of Dark Score's also haunted by the ghost of that Negro boy who died here, poor tyke."
"No. - Don't just stand there, you dogs."
I've got to go to a bloody wedding on Saturday.
We are through with lies and liars in this house.
The old hag wants grandchildren.
We will guarantee Reptilian dominance... if humankind is eradicated.
Russell is not funny monkey.
"By the time we get through with Barclay, he's gonna be living in the world full mof shit."
You don't wanna hurt me when you die?
"Or you just go by ""Trash?"""
"Sergeant Barry came down, looking a bit absurd in his nakedness, already shivering from the cold."
"I hereby declare this court is adjourned, Sine die."
You really expect us to go up in front of the whole school and parade our loserdom for all to see?
"We were calling you Gay Boy, and you got mad."
I spent a lot of fucking money on this place.
What the hell?
You had her fucking for England.
Detective Max Payne- - Is not available. - Shit! - Please leave a message.
No one fucks with our family.
"I am telling you, TV stinks, Jer."
"What, they fuck you with a toboggan or something?"
"If you're driving out here at 70 miles an hour and a deer darts out in front of you, if you blink or brake or swerve... shit, you'll just kill yourself."
Raised to be shills for a gang of thieves.
"Shit, not in my car."
"I want your antigen, your bullets and your dust."
So they killed the money and stood there with a bunch of useless green scraps sifting through their fingers and wondered what the hell had happened.
My dad says that's just a fancy way of saying you're a loser.
I'll tell them you grabbed my tits.
"Damn it, I asked him not to stand there."
"No! - Lillian, goddamn it, the man just wants..."
The tank is screwing us.
Sank both fangs into his left eye.
They are traffickers.
You can't keep shooting your mouth off the way you have been... ...and issuing these ultimatums.
I walk in here with a multi-million dollar class action lawsuit... on a damn platinum platter.
I'll make him sell if I have to drive him out with stink bombs.
"Well, what the fuck happened to Raoul?"
"He shot the right-hand pistol first, aiming at the bear's throat."
"And I wanna fuck your wife, so..."
All the shit we're trying to change. We already had three members turn on the club.
"If nobody had stopped you, my father should have been knocked down."
"It was that perv, toby cavanaugh."
Fuck all!
Give this gonzo a haircut.
"I am so screwed, carl."
They don't give a fuck about your education!
"I mean... Yeah, because as long as we're together, who gives a fuck where we live, right?"
She's so nasty.
Belmondo calls Seberg a bitch.
Go to black.
"Dumb, but great work."
"He said it was to protect you, that you're gonna get yourself killed."
"I want each member of my council to think for themselves, not just agree with my every word and whim out of some pathetic boot-trembling terror for self-preservation."
Do you want them to see a pathetic cripple or a man with the courage to fight? (Crying)
"Of all the mean, rotten, contemptible, crooked..."
"You're no general, you're just a bully."
"I feel the same way, brother, but I don't care much for your KKK friends."
Only a coward flees his fate.
"Iris, would you rather electrocute yourself or Cal for the second time'?"
You're gonna blow this up.
"""I saved your ass, didn't I?"""
But must she die?
"Hey, we 've got to throw you a killer bachelor party !"
Want to have sex with me?
What's this nonsense?
"I agree, Henry. Hit the other fellow when his hands are full."
"We think that will satisfy-shoot!"" she said as her pager buzzed."
"Shit, I had something for this."
In that sex swing?
You're a really bad friend.
I ain't got no fucking home.
"Yes, you love to slap, yes."
WhY the fuck didn't You listen to me?
"Frame Eugene for that murder, and then blow Eugene up right along with all the traces to your past, so you could move on to a very bright, white, pickety future."
"A gratified, sadistic smile came to the man with the gold-rimmed glasses."
I want you to inflict as much painful damage on the prisoners as possible.
"Officer, do we look like a couple of psycho killers to you?"
"Syd, he screwed us."
Making me the biggest dink on earth. Yeah.
"That man, right there, dressed as a monster."
"If Dick didn't ensure me you're good people, I'd just tell you, ""None of your fucking business."" - Okay, okay, okay."
You want a lolly slap?
This might be the last chance we have to do something incredibly stupid together.
"Yeah, well, let's just make sure we're paying the minimums... ...because the last thing we need is the union on our ass."
Who are the Zolturi? They are the evil bloodsuckers who only care about themselves and their own narrow vision of the world.
"Watch the video. Watch it... and tell me if you still think Alex, ""from the bar"", isn't gay."
"""I thought we'd already killed everybody who needs it.'"
I can't believe this shit worked.
Crush them into screaming masses of blood and bones and tissue.
So that's your answer... to murder your own kind?
I never make more than one sex tape of a woman.
"I paid for it, moron."
"It's the most beastly, disgusting stuff."
"Damn dog! Look at me! It's me, Jin-seok."
Aren't we in deep enough shit?
"No, you were the one who stabbed Rogue in the chest."
"But, then, I guess... ...something inside of me died... ...when I realized thatyou'd hired a goon to kill me"
I'm not printing a fucking retraction.
Will destroy this place.
Four women in the car—the operative didn't have the stomach to kill 'em.
He'd erased the memory and his soul was now black.
The tits should be for the bells.
Burton caught her wrists to prevent further damage and held her while she spewed more filth at him.
"Sir, I am committing a crime worthy of death."
"Come on papa, he was here on my birthday... he'd got me those expensive shoes, and yöu'd said what kind of fool gifts shoes on a birthday..."
"""Sincerely Governor Fuckhead."""
That's obsessive-compulsive crap and you know it.
"He had never owned a gun, did not know how to use one, and wondered as he walked into the living room whether that was stupid."
"My father have said Meihuaquan was powerful bullshit, the north and the south both practice Meihuaquan which school do you mean?"
"Don't shoot her. She's my sister, Angelina."
Easter Bunny kicked his ass.
He'll die in two hours.
You want to tell us what's going on in that brain of yours?
Why the hell would I do that?
Go on. Get the fuck out.
"Here you are, chaplain to the galleys, and your galley slaves stink so much, you will appreciate the sweet smell."
I don't want to sing that dumb song.
Down a man's throat.
"But she's gonna be fine, 'cause we about to make some Heidi Klum shit happen right here."
She's hideous!
How long do you think anybody in this manure pile... could keep his mouth shut?
Some of these might actually shoot.
"Like this is a foolish piece, but, you know, it's just a piece."
Marcus Kent has a low mind.
"Put the phone on the receiver, send the hookers home and get dressed."
"Not yet. You keep your windows shut, though, 'cause when she does come home, there's gonna be some serious make-up sex happening."
What do people see in that dumb movie?
"I mean, I saw him get clubbed in the head."
I don't say you didn't burn them a little... but you didn't burn them all up like you wanted to.
"Oh, shut up!"
You're gonna rip my sack.
"Liv: Sure, I could kid myself, Say that I plan to eat everett's brain as a way of supporting the troops."
Why don't you just slap him back into line?
"You thought I was such a goddamn saint, didn't you, George?"
Where the hell are those traps!
"The trouble is, Peter, you had a pussycat running the show."
You're gonna let Ronny coach 'cause he hit a couple of garbage shots?
"Okay, well, see you after school, monkey."
"Don't argue, Indian."
Because of the other... other shit.
"We have the one-eyed ancient warrior Cyclops going head-to-head against the uncomely, Witch Bitch."
Niklaus is an abomination.
Not our shit. I swear.
"It's the fucking guy's job, right?"
"Han, you're kind of a baller around your fish."
Colombian hit squad. - .22 hollow point. It's an assassin's bullet.
"I finally caught you, you dirty--"
"Listen, I have nothing to do tonight. let's hang."
"Yes, you bleed, my lord."
Your half brother-- my bastard son-- refused to enter the field of battle.
"So, having broken off from its gallop or trot... she began to wander, this guilty pig."
"If it's not the Holy Willy priest and his cronies on one side, it's your dad and fucking mullahs on the other,"
"Well, I wouldn't get a damn tattoo."
"I just robbed a Russian mobster, you can't call Lisbon?"
The urine stain on your pants would signify that you're a single-shaker!
What the hell you talking about?
"""Why to fall in love, this wretched love. I am lost."""
"Adam, I know this is stupid... but humor me."
"For example, a dope fiend refers to the reefer butt as a roach, because it resembles a cockroach."
"This one ran, let the mother kill herself."
So why do you seem so miserable?
It's fucking funny.
"Can we clean this shit up, please, and let's get out of here?"
I'm gonna go talk to them. God damn it.
"Come on, kiss it."
Bitch?
A flatfish from Galway would have more guts than you!
"If you think you're gonna make me do all this by myself, you're crazy."
He could fart at will.
"'Let's dance, asshole,' Heck Bast grunted, and threw a whistling, country-boy roundhouse."
journalists and activists shut up.
Babies. No brains. But they got automatic weapons.
"And it's a damn dull town if you're on the outside looking in."""
"You've got diabetic gelato maker, old Japanese guy who sniffs young girls' panties, and of course, the newsies molester collection."
"Shut up, Leonard! Those teenage girls you play ping-pong with are doing it ironically."
Open the cock and let the solvent elute from the column until its level is about 1 cm over the silica gel.
Seems to think every cop is dirty.
"I don't know what you're up to this time, Goines, but you're gonna get us in deep shit."
That's fucking great.
"I swear, I wouldn't fucking lie to you, please."
What in hell was he thinking of?
Your alligator mouth finally got your hummingbird ass whipped.
I won't fuck my wife after she plays tennis.
About his hopes. About his fears. Maybe even about his fascinating fucking childhood.
"Yeah. I know I haven't been myself lately, but I'm me again, so I was thinking maybe you should sleep over, because the me that I am is horny for the you that you are."
This... is for Uncle dick.
In here... there's merely an organ that nature lets you enjoy... so you'll forget how ridiculous that one is.
It's a shit-hole.
He says he's a rancher just because they bought him this ranch... ...but I ain't seen him out here busting his ass.
"It's secretary's day, and it says I'm sorry about crashing your protest with that drunken, self-immolating baby boomer."
"No, I don't. She hates you."
"Otherwise you'll die of it, too.’ 'Dangerous Beans says he thinks we shouldn't eat rats at all,' said Inbrine."
"Now, white people who know the difference... between good shit and bad shit, this is the house they come to."
Your mother's dead.
"Andrew, you almost killed another human being!"
"He gave me three of these ""little pigs""... and I ran away."
"Fuck, I don't want to know anything anymore."
I work for the woman in her fucking employ.
"I was gonna go out with him tonight and Jenna fucking hates him, so I'm just gonna tell her I'm with you, if that's cool."
"It's not a suicide booth, you lard ass."
Your nerve's gone.
"""You're sounding unhinged again,"" remarked Damaris."
We're looking for a cop shooter with a nine mill in him.
"After the shit you pulled last night, she's looking forward to it."
Let go of me! ...but his Dead Rabbits is done and outlawed!
We're gonna get the shit kicked out of us by our pal Fred in two hours!
"That's silly, right?"
"You know... for when shit goes down, man."
"Like, one guy showed up and he wanted to... He wasn't very nice to me, he just wanted to eat and fuck, basically."
"Melanie, where the hell are you?"
You filthy creamy!
"Kill the bomb, permanently."
"Ever since they fired Susan the sexual harasser,"
Gross! - That's disgusting.
We'il explode!
I don't know if I was everything Katie had always dreamed her gay b. f. f. would be. But I tried my best.
I did my best to look innocent . . . which is not that easy to do for a troll.
"Marsilius raves of an impossible transformation, immediately; but Louis is no better than his predecessors, even if for the present he remains the only bulwark against a wretch like John."
Then I'm going to sit next to her whilst she watches her little girl waggling her bits in front of London's finest deviants.
Thanks for calling asshole.
Now you watch that gay saliva.
"If I see him around here, I'd piss my pants."
"You's one of them fitch boys, ain't you?"
You sure you want to keep shooting that rich girl mouth off?
What the fuck does he know?
He fucking knows about it.
"I'll suck your dick for the rights. $250,000."
You're the one who's so fuckin' certain.
This shit is not a game.
His death is assured.'
"Yes, I told myself, it was foolish."
"Guts all around his neck, naughty bits missing."
I know you've had a fun summer doing phone sex.
"There was no one in Ludlow -- this end of town, anyway -- who wasn't aware that Thad was under police guard or police protection or police some-damn-thing, and he didn't have to hear the rumors to know they had already begun to fly."
"If Verone sees a helicopter or Customs boat, she's dead!"
I Didn'T Know Shit About His Politics Till One Of Your People Told Me.
Creel has the damn thing that burned Harley!
"Okay, that being said, I don't think I could date someone whose roommate had sex with my mom."
"You fuck off, darling."
"Set, fool, 22, hut !"
I don't feel like hanging out with you all night in your fucking underwear.
Should he shoot both of them together?
You know shit about what's going on.
"And right after they win, jimmy Lennon's gonna come through that door and hit the bartender right in the head with a cricket bat, 'cause he owes him money."
"They're just gonna beat the shit out of me, again."
"The charge being... that you did willfully and maliciously attack a woman... namely, the wife of your own Captain with intent to assault and murder her... for which the punishment is the same as that for a traitor."
"For many of us Germans, the exterminator is long overdue."
"""Good riddance to bad rubbish,"" Larry said grimly, and the Judge laughed long and heartily."
I was making a silly video.
He's pussy whipped!
You're so dishonest!
"Yeah, I shot him in the back or in the front."
"You don't want people thinking you're a hippie, commie pussy, do you?"
Now I'm going to raise the dead.
"Of course, farther down the line he had tried to justify and hem and haw, and had spouted a lot of ominous, confused bullshit that could not even rightly be called philosophy."
"I'd hate you to think that, you know, I thought you were a pig or anything, so if you'll hand it over I'll happily give you, er, another one, that one's not the right one, er, not that it's a wrong one, but, er, with the pig and everything Vimes looked into the man's eyes."
Because you're a drug dealer on campus.
And my crappy singing. You know that.
"If that turns out to be wrong, we all look silly,"
Whatever the hell his name is.
We're all cold.We're all tired.Our hands and feet look like crap.
"""Hell is for Children. """
"I might be a little too busy with my big, successful cupcake shop, so suck it."
"""Take a lamb... and with its blood... mark the lintel and posts of every door, for tonight... I shall pass through the land of Egypt... and smite all the firstborn."
Now come quietly and we will take you apart.
"Gentlemen, today, we are not fucking about."
"I leaned back on my left side, drew my legs up under me, and kicked her right kneecap with everything I had."
And that we became friends in the process... ...and learned some shit about life and stuff.
"""You look like hell, you know."
He's high as a goddamn kite... driving 120 miles an hour down the highway.
The guy will have sex with his wife again.
Not unless she destroys Tokyo. Rats.
I don't push my kids into this shit.
I can't survive this hellhole without you.
"So far so good on this future shit, huh?"
Were you born stupid or was it something you developed?
"It's just that when your mom hugged me today, she really hugged me... for winning a game of Bullshit."
Why do you want to put a gun to your head?
"I can't do nothing about you, but suggest that you get some serious fucking medical attention!"
"In the world circus, the poet looks like a Knight of the Sorrowful Countenance, and Augustus the Fool appears ill-equipped for everyday life."
"I don't know what you are, but you leave my wife alone, goddamn it!"
"Please come home, I love you. "" All that shit"
The galliot's going to be blown up with its entire cargo of living dead.
I'm Dan stark... idiot.
I got the right to kick it a little.
"If you die, you were human!"
"The gnome was standing all by himself, looking thoroughly confused and pathetic, still clutching Tas's handkerchief in his hand."
Left hook... ...right cross... ...and dump him.
"Oh, good to know your journalistic integrity is fucking unimpeachable."
We'll think about you while we're making this and talking trash.
All I can say with certainty is that the Administrator is suffering from an undiagnosed extreme psychosis.
I got a phone call from that loony in the lunch wagon.
"If anyone could be called a real bully, it was him."
What the fuck is that?
"Look, sir, this judge, he fucks me up."
"Steven, how could you not know your friend was a hobo ?"
"Lambs, kid (goat), pigs"
"No matter how he tries, he will die of decay."
"Oh, look at this shit."
"Cute leads to feeling, which leads to screwing... which leads to screwed."
Get off me.
Get off me!
How you going to fuck him up?
We didn't bring any black.
Punch him? What?
Goddamn it! -
"This shit is our future, man."
"My point is that in this tight-ass PC culture, it is damn hard to know what's kosher!"
Shut up!
Hate my horrible life.
"That night at dinner, when you sat on that ridiculous pine cone."
"I'm sorry, but I think it's ridiculous."
I hate those frigging things.
"Right off the bat, before I even think about picking up the phone and checking you out on this shit, there's something I need to ask you to do today... a show of good faith."
"It's a fucking joke, right?"
Killing you would send your brother a message...
"You know, it's gay penguin... information."
Suck noodles up her nose.
Now she's even screwing the Germans.
"Why I and my friend and partner, whose body is going into a furnace tomorrow, were never fucking contacted."
"Our experience with the blacks in Phoenix, San Diego... ...have never been good."
Your father was a-- your father was a... he was a rat.
Have you gone crazy too?
"And then I'm gonna hunt you down, and I'm going to arrest you for treason."
It fills me with bullshit. I'm coming.
"When he came back later that night, he brought another baby-the true child born to the wretched king and queen of Volkaran and Uylandia."
You wanna tell us what the hell this is really about?
Kiss your mother once for you and twice for me.
"In three minutes, all of you will be destroyed along with this facility!"
I hate to burst your little crazy-lady bubble... but it must not have been all that great because I don't remember you.
"Goddamn it, Bill, I'm supposed to be in California."
You were part if a kill squad! You questioned your orders!
"A man who tried to leave would sicken and die, or else go mad."
See how her head explodes? - It explodes.
fucking the star.
Whose toes you gotta suck to get a drink?
"I was outside, hungry taking a whore's bath and eating birdseed for breakfast, all because Ralph wasn't willing to share his good fortune."
"My name is Peter, and... my daughter is a homosexual."
Stupid child!
"After 3,000 years, my evil army of the damned, my beautiful, beautiful army, shall be unleashed!"
That woman was a nightmare in there.
Some of the world's worst people have managed to get married.
"Later, fart face."
He's a money launderer for the terrorists.
And throw her right off the balcony.
You bloody old bishop!
"Yeah, how the hell you smell that?"
"Papillon reared inhumanly big, dashed out brains with his forefeet and overrode war cries with his neighing."
It's 2:00 in the morning. You could've been a goddamn intruder.
'Are they dogs?' Talen asked in a sick voice.
"Steal one! A fast one! Remember, we hang horse thieves around here."
"No We've got real problems to deal with here, and this pathetic attempt at a joke has gone far enough"
"We're not gonna tear down the fence, and I sure as hell am not gonna date your mom, not now, not ever, so back up off the cheese plate, man!"
"So,what the fuck, man?"
"So, if you're not a prince, how about the ass you already are?"
"I beg you Aurelio, I did fuck all! I did not take any!"
"Hell, no. She hates my guts."
"Well, I know the words coming out of your mouth are ""go to your place"", but... all I hear is ""let's have sex""."
"She was Katherine's handmaid, and a witch."
And they'il tear me to pieces.
"Can't leave this shit lying around, bro."
I wanna beat him!
"What Walter means, is that ... we live in a fucking bled."
Your pajamas are...really ugly!
Fat and sloppy but heavy with armor.
There's no one fucking there.
I'm in a fucking tan nightmare.
"If I try to take that to Congress, first they'll laugh at me, then they'll crucify me."""
A shitload of cash.
"John, I'm in hell."
"No, I'm just trying to give you the answers you need to cover your asses, fill out your forms, and let me out of here."
If there were lethal radiation he should have died already.
Get your meat hooks off of me.
"Stop it, god damn it!"
I'm gonna go screwy.
Let me shoot it.
She was killed with a hook.
"Seven years, man... that shit ain't no joke."
You got something you wanna share with the world and nobody gives a shit.
Let's go fucking now!
What a fucking mess.
Blood glucose increased Blood pressure systolic increased Body temperature increased Fracture of penis Skin laceration Open wound Scrotal haematoma Joint injury Penis injury
"We'll all be dead in 20 minutes, anyway."
"Oh, yeah! Yeah, go on! Get cancer!"
We get rat-assed drunk.
"Besides, they couldn't match up the bullet that killed your old man. You son of a..."
But we aren't paying the crack babies.
"""hey, Andy, you're making the worst mistake of your life. You're not talented."""
"Because, let's face it, every time a guy meets a girl... he wants to check out her breasts."
"Goddamn, of course you're hungry!"
"Man, don't let him have that shot!"
It was like being kicked by a bastard horse!
"You didn't unsnapped that holster's guard because you were afraid of me, did you? You have damn good eyes."
Break you in my arms
"They can chew you up, but they gotta spit you back out."
"The pig skin is overcooked, failure."
But now the guy's my fucking hero.
Goddamn!
"Sarah, shut up! I don't want to hear it anymore."
I was too weak to slug him.
Do you think that I would kill the heir apparent?
"Mullen, put the goddamn gun down!"
Then start another goddamn rumor is what you do. ...short quickly and quietly without everyone figuring out...
And it's at the Spiritual Center for crazy pony ladies.
Mad goose!
I would have gotten away with it if it weren't for those meddling punks... ...and their dumb dog!
I fucking hate that.
"If it weren't for me, my fucking mother... ...would put him away."
"Hell, yeah. I kissed her, man. Shoot."
"""How'd I get mixed up with a bum like him?"""
But I would like to hear his opinion. Damn it!
"I'd especially like to thank her for introducing me to Madeline... ...an incredible, beautiful woman who must be drunk off her ass... ...because she just agreed to marry me."
"Then without a care, her legs in her hair She rolls up, the tease, and nibbles her knees"
He could've taken his shot at me at any time.
I thought it was just a bunch of guys screwing around in a pool.
God...damn.
I want us all to hang sometimes without the awkwardness.
You really believe that Ladon would give the marching orders to kill a little girl... even this one?
You got an election coming up so you arrest yourself an Indian.
His buddy Tommy's mother had a trash newsPaper from the supermarket at their house.
The shit that Kathleen Turner uses.
You could buy ten balls for two dollars.
Not your boobs.
"Dickhead, you weigh it."
All you do is fucking work and...
"God help me to overcome my enemies, the bastards."
"Kalten sometimes made a show of being stupid, but Sparhawk saw immediately just how smoothly his blond friend had brought him up short."
"He told me of the Kingpriest, and what arrogant demands the foolish man planned to make of the gods."
"I already warned your old fart, I don't need help."
"From your dad and ruins his life. Then I get your mom to marry me, And I dump her at the altar!"
"Damn, I wish I had a picture of him."
I'll add that to my list of clown nightmares.
"I got sick, and now I'm something less than human. Something worthy of extermination."
"Yeah,well,if you were a 600-Year-Old hag And you could pick any costume to come back in, Wouldn't you go for a hot cheerleader?"
She'il blow his nose for him.
That is such a shit name for a gang of superheroes.
Tongue worm.
Fuck. Is that your old man?
If he should die before--
That girl could eat like a horse.
"Monster, we want to give him a medal, not kill him."
I have filth and scum to deal with.
She's a strip-miner.
If you snap shitand soldier like I know you can...
"Are you and Gay getting acquainted?"""
Put a wick in her mouth and she'd burn for a fortnight
I don't want your fuckin' pity.
This shit here definitely would.
What the fuck?
"If I gotta ride your ass, you gonna show me the money. You gonna show me the money."
She had silicone breasts. How could she afford that?
I hope his dick is bigger than his l.Q.
Poor bastards.
"I’m not gonna lie to you, I’m gonna get the fuck out of here. What are you gonna do to yourself when I walk out that door?"
"Give the credit to her bloodsucking husband, where it belonged."
"Oh, I would just end up with somebody else who would give me shit all the time."
You scared the shit out of me.
How the hell did these monkeys get like this ?
You'll change your mind. Shut up!
I sleep like a fucking rock.
I won't hurt you any more!
"Well, your sister is ugly."
Never said one word about killing the President!
My fucking mother doesn't pay the mortgage.
"You see, Mom? After all that, it was Cartman's filthy fucking mouth that saved us all."
"One night, late, he tried to have sex with me."
Where's the fucking dignity?
How the hell do you understand anything?
We hate our folks We're sick of jokes
That your husband... ...a mathematician with no military training... -...is a spy fleeing the Russians-- -You're making him sound crazy.
"But if you'd like to try again, my blade will go through you next."
Pay for sex?
That'll fuck her head up.
"And so there has been a hero among our traveling companions, and he was not this Faruskiar, this abominable bandit hidden beneath the skin of a manager, whose name I have so stupidly published over the four corners of the globe!"
"And he said some very cold and cruel things to me, and I shot Mr San Giuliano as I had planned to."
Pig pile!
Dumbass used it as a hat.
And this was to be the night that they were gonna lose their virginity.
"Oh, damn, I was supposed to post Carol's mum's birthday card."
"Why, God damn, we're doing this."
I'm a failure as a man.
And I lose Vincent because he will kill him.
He put you in here to rot while he takes what he likes and leaves you the wishbone.
Look how miserable you are at your own bachelor party.
"Here. Tell him if Elena doesn't pick up the phone, we'll kill him."
What a killer put-down!
'You're my Coward-Hero - my love.'
How the fuck you know Kyle's so innocent?
Hit him!
"You are a fanatic, an anarchist. You know that?"
Then shut up!
Why did we have to have these two jerks along?
Think I may need a kidney transplant. - Shit.
"Julian, I know the rest of this island pretty much kisses your ass, but you can't just waltz in here."
We met a knockout blonde!
"I'd like to have seen you there... stark naked, handcuffed, with a guy... giving you dirty looks, saying: ""pretty kinky, sir""."
"They hanged that one-armed fella for it, I know."
"I, Galvatron, will crush you just as Megatron crushed Prime!"
"""Damned if I remember,"" Pete said."
"Out of Kick-Ass and Red Mist, who do you think would win in a fight?"
I swear to sweet holy Satan I will end you.
Jesus fucking Christ!
Get the fuck out of here!
"I didn't want to walk back on that beach with all my fans there you know, loser, everyone looking at Big Z the loser, the has been."
Like his asshole dilated like this... ...and the world fell out of it into the toilet.
"Which is why if Albert Einstein were alive today, he'd slap your face."
Are you making f-f-f-fun of me?
"I too will die for you, brother."
Damn it all.
"Next time you shoot somebody, don't go near them till you're sure they're dead."
"As I arched my back, his cock slipped out of my mouth and I gasped his name, my body absorbing the shock of his unexpected entry."
It was York who was the dirty cop.
"He kept his face against the cliff, stupid with fatigue and fear."
Throw us off!
"This landlady was a terrible and pitiful person, so grey and dusty she was, and her face deep lined with dust and trouble and labour."
And he'll shoot the crash from the inside.
Told you I hit him.
"If we don't stop him, he'il burn down half of Europe."
"If I can't cure it by brain surgery, then I'll get another brain."
"Damn, Bailey, just settle down!"
"Stop talking shit, Kellogg."
"I felt like a fool, but I would have been a bigger fool to have trusted the apartment was empty and been wrong."
Criminal justice terrorists.
"If those Indians grab you, you know what'll happen to you."
"Don't be silly, Finn!"
"You are a mean bastard, that's your problem."
What's really fucked up is when kids with money end up dealing drugs.
How'd you kill 'em?
I don't give a damn about this trial.
"When I woke up, I stabbed him with my hands."
"And when you're gone, I'll destroy everything you ever loved. No evil shall escape my sight."
Gandhi would have strangled her.
You should chop off your hand so you can buy a car.
"Well, best bang him up, eh?"
What were Lady Diana and her fat-headed husbands doing away out there in the wilds?
"Stop.! Nigel, get off your brother's head.!"
I just watched them blow my sister fucking head off.
Every damn one of you!
She'il just be waiting for an opportunity for you to screw up.
"A slight widening of her brilliant brown eyes replied, Bullshit, sir."
"Oh, my God, you're so full of shit."
Then I'll give her life!
"Till then, I was a simple, run-of-the-mill crook... a corrupt city official."
Got to go to a funeral and I got a crybaby here.
Hit him in the fuckin' leg.
She's gonna go nuts.
"Our damn cell phones are on the blink now, so I can't call for help... but our car will be back soon."
Take his life for all the lives he's destroyed.
"Do you think if we met the real Dennis Waterman, he'd kick the shit out of us?"
Before I got your girlfriend pregnant and then made out with your other girlfriend.
"Now, all you have to do is grab the turtle's leg, hold it steady, and give the shot."
"""It'll be bloody."""
"Unbelievable what a sucker you are, unbelievable."
Ηe said Daddy's coming down here and he's fuckin' pissed!
"I'm gonna fucking do it, I swear to God."
'Cut my belly open.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
Is this the magazine? Damn it!
But there's not a damn thing you can do.
"Mampi bitch, you been here two days."
"Mr. Kane is a lateness Nazi, but..."
Give me the rest of the fucking bread.
"You never know how long it's been in the freezer, could be filled with all kind of crap."
I saw him lose control and almost kill you.
Shit. That's a block away.
"And as such, I can do with it as I fucking please."
"That's our driver, silly!"
"You think she's, like, nuts or something?"
"We have to go back to stop those Gallente bastards, or they’il have a free fire on the evacuees."
"Damn it, there's someone at the door."
It's too gay for me.
"You'il paint till you die, okay?"
"Together, you have the IQ of a grain of sand!"
"Hope you get as much pleasure from eating it, as I had to kill it."
"We even got horse pussy, dog pussy, chicken pussy."
You don't know what in fuck's going on in their mind.
Damn. Reincarnation is when you come back as something different and eternal recurrence is when you live the same life over and over again.
"""How now, brown bureaucrat?"""
In the eggs. And you shoot there.
"He may be killed any day, any hour."
You really fucked me up with that story.
Hulk Hogan called you a dirt bag.
A bunch of gay people put you up to this?
"Is it more ethical to bomb their homes, let them be machine-gunned down, let them die senselessly, as the 'civilized world' permits?"
Explain to me what genius has all our supply convoys going past a town where this fucking Iraqi military unit's never surrendered.
You got just two seconds to get your ass over in your corner.
"The days of mutual masturbation are over, Pete."
"Yeah,I got a lot of shit to do around here."
That's ridiculous. That ship was in international waters.
I don't think my character would say this shit.
"When I get my share of that Spanish gold, I'm going to fuck my way through high society."
"Shit. Guard, please."
"He'll get us stuck here. Or worse, killed."
"This shit is crazy, man."
She's framing you for the assassination.
What the hell's going on?
That and they're probably gonna N.J.P.all our asses for operating a stove in the tent against the regs.
"Man, I don't believe this shit."
What the fuck are you doing here?
"Shit, I heard about that."
Check my assignment and slam it!
Yep. She's fucking my own cousin.
He said I would die alone and miserable.
Fifty jeon You rat!
This is a fricking House of Horrors.
But I expected he'd want to have sex with me right away and he doesn't.
"Come on, les see you spit fire."
"I think something about stabbing a worm over and over again with a hook is, like... um, therapeutic for him."
"He saw a pale and sickly light, a light given off by something rotting and corrupt."
"All right, knock yourself out, Grissom."
They hanged the leaders.
You're like my little gay brother.
All I ask in return... - is that you eliminate the clones.
You wanna have a fuckin' sleepover... in a big box with no wheels.
I brought a fucking rat of my own.
Get the fuck away!
Just killed the German Minister.
Nice white girl gets snuffed.
"NahJust lookin' for a priest killer, homes"
Are you ready to die?
Can you stop making your stupid burgers For one minute and be a human being?
Lucille lavinius Jeremiah Jones is gonna give me a stroke!
"For what I've spent on therapy, I could get a couple of very expensive hookers who will say anything I want."
"Crank he may be, traitor he is not."
You act like it's so fucking simple.
"As troublesome an ally as France occasionally was, when the French did business in the black world, they damned well did business as well as any and better than most."
Your breath smells bad.
Don't be a fool. Hercules is the worst of them.
"With Joan on the line, she realized exactly how silly her fears were."
[ Squish! ] Is that cat piss on my chair?! Damn it!
"What do you know about the goddamn shipment, Dean?"
I'm gonna circle around and draw his fire.
Then move your damn head.
Come here. Would you stop fooling around with that dog?
"Hey, you started this by not listening to your chick."
You don't understand what kind of hell I just went through because of you.
John-fucking-Superman Dixon.
But Mexican dick is.
Goddamn! You were this close from spending the night in the county...
Someone broke in this morning and stole all the goddamn keys.
Don't fuck it up.
She's out of her mind.
They patted his back and told him he had a lot of balls and they refused to put his name on a parking place.
Don't like watching my sister do the nasty.
Wipe the capitalists and their officers out of Finland.
A coward love! The world is the way it is and we cannot change it!
You have killed two people.
Get away from me or I swear to God I will rip out what's left of your pubes!
I lived with some crazy—ass foster parents... ...but it's better than being in a group home.
Shit... that's make sense.
How the fuck do you know so much about our organisation?
No devil needed anymore.
"All of you, eat the floor! Now!"
"UNIKOV TREND, s.r.o."
I'll roust one up.
Who the hell are we to determine the course of evolution?
Cut out her eye.
What the fuck was that?
"""Goddamn it, don't any of them read history?!"""
"Goddamn, that's Sheehy and Cornell."
The loser will have to trip the groom when they walk in later.
I studied law 'cause I wanted to learn... how completely full of shit your life's ambition was.
Those cops are man-eaters.
"""Hell pull something."""
Go as a goblin.
"'I may not be a gifted commander, my Lady, but I am not an idiot."
Don't be a fool with your life
I'm not wasting any more mental energy on that woman.
"He says every city has a neighborhood like this one, where you can buy sex or marijuana or a parrot that talks dirty, where the men sit talking on stoops like those men across the street, where the women always seem to be yelling for their kids to come in unless they want a whipping, and where the wine always comes in a paper sack.'"
"You been smoking too much of this shit, troop."
"How much for you to give birth, leave Devore's grandchild with Lance, then scat?'"
"We're going to finish this or I'll burn your face off, okay?"
"Before all this, Tina Lombardi worked as his whore."
We should consult-- -There will be no goddamn consulting.
"Madam, take one shot of me, please."
"Ex-cop, politician hires ex-con to kill rival."
"Lucy. I'm your best friend. I'm the other hot girl at Thompson Fulworth, and I'm using C osmo's ""ten most exciting places to have sex in the workplace"" as my extracurricular guide."
"What do you think we are, degenerates?"
"Yeah, welcome to the shit-show."
"I've got a girl in this one, tush so hot and tight you could fry an egg."
You smelled a ghost fart!
"The money wasn't shit, but that wasn't the point."
Life with a psychopath might be your only way out.
"You know, when this is over I'd like to celebrate by punching a hole in Monte's chest."
"Bauer, did you screw me?"
"Go back and do what white boys do, like robbing spring breakers, hide under the boardwalk like when we was kids."
"Sophie, what the hell do you mean you're..."
"""Young man, you're going to die at a very young age."""
You said don't shoot him.
Should always be naked backstage. I love looking at them.
"""okay, well, it's all Eddie Van Halen."" But as soon as David Lee Roth leaves, you're like, ""fuck that band."""
That is only if he dies.
"Oh, shit! is this still called plan B?"
If there are any congratulatory cakes or any of that nonsense... ...I will be compelled to use deadly force.
"Don't seem human, does it? He will tear you to shreds!"
"All right, kids. Let's make some fucking television."
"Yes, you were a garbage ball player, but you always had sort of some sort of panache."
"I'm gonna fucking kill them! FLEURY: We cannot lose him, you understand?"
"Besides, that British accent kills me."
"Bastard, what did you do?"
"What the fuck were we training to be, Batman?"
Drove his fucking car right up on the grass.
I dreamed of a wolf tearing a woman to pieces.
She was trash in comparison to what I've lost.
We out of fucking road!
Who gives a fuck what I think?
"Damn, it's hot here."
Don't fucking touch me.
"Press a button, and you think the whole damn world comes running, don't you?"
Why do you make all this shit personal?
"Remember to use the balls of your feet,"
"Brim gathered the remaining shreds of his ego and pulled himself erect, feeling more than a little foolish standing naked in front of this very thoroughly dressed woman."
Shut up.
Who the hell knows what she said?
"A hundred years from now, there won't be one sad fuck to look at any of this."
"You won't be able to breathe, and you and Mr. Muldanno will rot in jail."
One of the women sitting opposite her threw a faggot upon the dying embers of the fire between them.
"I mean, look at our parents, they're miserable."
You think anybody would care if I choked the life out of you?
"Well, my mom's a pain."
Get the hell out of here.
"""You brought the wrong goddamn patties,"" Paul said."
Becomes a shell of himself because he's an addict.
"And if you disbelieve them, you’ll see them as only lies and foolery, as you say; and so I forfeit my life again."
What the hell is he doing in Paris?
"This crazy lady down in Belmont complaining about some strange disturbances, noises, shit moving around on its own. Weird?"
Or you step on a bug and the fucking Internet's never invented.
"If I talked to my mom that way, my dad would kick the shit out of me."
You saying you want to come over and fuck off again?
That womanneeds to cover her stomach.
Stop screwing with me!
"""And no rat is that smart,"" she said."
In which case would you kindly impale yourself with a wooden stake?
I was thinking if you were to have sex with another man it would make Jimmy jealous.
"You know, he forgets his jacket... so his nose starts running, and some asshole, instead of giving him a Kleenex, calls him ""Snot""."
"You think you're gonna come into my town and take down poker games, shoot whoever you want without my permission?"
"You got freaking robbed, and you didn't say anything."
"If you're alone, you get screwed."
Black girl with a white girl booty.
You want to burn with Barbie... be my guest.
"Well, the stars don't tell the future, Donkey."
"The first time I show up there, it was fucking hot, and...."
"Don't be a clown, Gordon."
The dumb jokes. con.
You mean poisoning the minds of millions with crap repackaged as art?
"And for that, Joe Hagan killed them both."
"You can only beat him if you're willing to die, which I am."
"Crap, that's terrifying."
Or killing myself is a way to drink.
It's too goddamn late.
He's always offered the same high-quality meals... at competitive prices. Shut up.
But what I need for you to do is to aim this... ...at the bad man who's following us and shoot him in the head.
I'm a miserable person.
I must be a nasty girl.
"If that's all you've got, you can collect your favor when the clock strikes kiss my ass, because partners leave firms and come back all the time."
It's chocolate with pig's blood.
"And so... a quiet, humble, respectable Negro... who has had the unmitigated temerity... to feel sorry for a white woman... has had to put his word against two white people's."
We'll arrest you and I'll see to it you face the maximum penalty.
"I don't know, but it's like the goddamn tropics in here."
Mind your own damn business.
We are presented with only loyal black servants.
"That might not be important to you, boy, but it's fucking well important to me."
"Second, this kid was going to die or at least never walk again because I'd crushed him."
You think I'm some jackoff?
Niggers don't walk 'round here! Niggers run!
"Cutting off their hands and feet, gouging out their eyes and then impaling them on iron spikes."
"Murder, kill..."
"Look, you're just gonna have to find me a better gas station right now, or I'm gonna have to push that damn plane all the way home."
"Even after I told him to go to hell, he wired the money anyway."
Hold it to my fucking head and ask me anything you want to know.
You made a fuckin' fortune... selling 'em to those kids at Aquinas Prep.
I reckon that's enough time to kill the DNA.
They say they used to burn witches there.
Yeah. You may be doing me one huge fucking favour.
Unless you want to stay here in this loser existence. . . . . .while your daughter grows up to be a fluffer in her new daddy's videos.
That's what I say to all those bloody door-to-door salesmen.
"'Dammit,' she hissed."
Son of a bitch! ...four... three... ...two... one.
"This animal is of the worst kind, Gibert."
He's the one who's hoarding women.
I encouraged you... ...to take a few fucking pictures.
Now put this shit in the trunk.
Jack sucked.
Open it or he'll be dead!
Shoot him!
One did not imagine that You. he was an killer.
So they're a family of monsters ?
He spat semen onto the bedspread in a convulsion.
Gross. Sick people sometimes look gray or cloudy white.
"She was pitiful because she was a dimwit from a brilliant family and believed that she at last had done something brilliant, too, in getting the goods on a person whose ideas were criminal."
He's all over my ass.
Let's get the fuck outta here!
"Maybe I'll give him some Spanish fly, so he hasn't a problem shooting them full of his filthy AIDS in front of a crowd."
A spic be living in the White House by the time it reaches their fucking brains!
Damn! I told those nitwits to leave but they're still here.
Think of all the other gay kids at this school That are still languishing in the closet.
"A small, useless truth..."
"Hey Maaskantje, Kiddy AIDS."
Why don't you just skin us alive?!
"And I know that sounds dumb, but it's something that we have to do."
"It's what you are, Jason,,, a killer."
No one gives a shit about old ladies.
I'm gonna go burn these clothes... only because they don't fit me anymore.
I just can't help but think none of this shit would be doing down if Kanan were here.
Don't shoot me again.
"""Lazy boob""?"
"Fuck, there's no word for it, because there's no word for them."
It's got pictures and drawings and maps and shit.
Private dirty
We're like rats-- rats in a maze.
"like a bunch of losers... it all just washed over me, and I was done."
To feel the ecstasy of a free fuck.
Your partner is profoundly unstable.
"I can't go to the police. If I do, the kidnappers will kill her. Do you understand?"
"Man, no wonder my stepdad can slug me so good."
"Great fucking plan, Mr. Mayor."
"He's an embarrassment to the badge, a badge he is no longer allowed to carry."
"Unless y'all are here to tell me I done goddamn won the lottery,"
That shit was easy.
Goddamn!
The police sketcher thought / was messing with him... ...because my dad came out looking like Father Time... ...and my mom came out too butch... ...
"I'm talkin' TV, print, that Internet crap, everything."
It's all your freaking fault!
They're in Alaska by now. Damn.
None of you-- none of you give a rat's ass about doing what's right for her.
"It would take a real jerk, like Hard-Ass Harrington or somebody, to report what actually went on in Axial One, but for some strange reason newer ships didn't have anything like it."
"Lord, what a fool she had been to think of becoming a hermit Hidden Springs folk and the other Lowlife outlaws of the region had needed her as a physician and counselor and friend."
I don't want you to say shit.
"I just wanted to pull his pants off and screw."""
"Dimitri, you scare shit in me."
"Must my son die, too, before you'il trust me?"
To hell.
Let's make some fucking money in here.
Why can't you please get fat or ugly or something so I can stand it?
I gotta get my ass off royal street.
A mixture of toxic chemicals was strapped to suicide bombers--
Where the fuck am l?
"What if we both die, hmm?"
"He broke up with his fiancée eight months ago, has had two rebounds since, and now is in the perfect zone to commit to a woman named this bitch."
Do not shoot my mom ...
Look at the fucking state of you now!
"Dude, do you think that I like having whatever-the-fuck this kind of salad is, this salad dressing, extra ranch?"
Kind of like you two knuckleheads.
I'm so fucked.
"Well,if you wantedto suck up,leslie,you should have knownl hate peonies."
"As pa token of my gratitude my violent friend. I got you, and your little rascels a ride home."
Hot damn. We're finally organized crime.
"He started to list the coin vanishes he had mastered, which reminded him of the coin he had tossed into Laura's grave, and then, in his head, Audrey was telling him that Laura had died with Robbie's cock in her mouth, and once again he felt a small hurt in his heart."
Guards.!
She would kill for this part!
"It's important to at least have faith in the possibility of a higher being or something, or whatever because otherwise, you're just You're gonna drive yourself completely fucking insane."
There's one schmuck standing between us and the White House.
It's my fault that he's dead.
She has a speech impediment that makes everything sound bitchy.
"Salvano, the fucking cockroach."
"It was a stupid idea, I guess."
I don't like girls.
I'll relax when we get that damn thing out of here.
She (pointing at the red heap in the balcony corner) intended to betray you and exterminate your people.
"So don't take me for a fool, Michael!"
The whole damn thing's fuzzy.
"Aah! Silas, you said that now you're a witch again you would bring Bonnie back from the other side."
"Yeah, show me how you scream for that big fat vampire cock."
"If you like, you can simply do it to me Muslim sty1e."
It is these three acts that constitute the sum total of Mary Surratt's part in this traitorous and murderous conspiracy.
"Once again, Mr. Burgundy, you are the ballsiest white man I've ever known."
And he called you a nigger-rich savage.
Stop that shit!
"Stop, you moron."
I still carry your damn pictures in my wallet!
You got two ex-wives who already spent the goddamned casino checks.
Have him cut off his fiinger.
There's a fucking Eskimo sitting in his little igloo... who does not know that we go live in 22 hours.
Do you know any other magic spells or dick tricks?
Pull all the damn firewalls and get me into that system!
"Yeah, Alan, that's much less gay."
I'll give you my shot.
"""Yes, simpleton as I was!--but I am quite ashamed of it now, and wish I could forget as easily as I can burn them."
What's up with all these damn narc cars out here?
"What are you guys, crazy?"
"She knew exactly how his breast was shapen under the waistcoat, and she wanted to touch it."
"Kate will be back from ""Louville"" or ""Louieville"" or whatever the fuck it is."
"No, I want to talk about the Gulf, and the goddamn Emir..."
"""Don't be a fool."
You little dweeb. - Just ruined 5 years investigation.
Did I tell you the time that she almost traded me for three pigs?
"Now, I don't want to do it... but I will turn this place into the fucking Wild Bunch if I think that you are fucking with me."
I used to tell Hal Sr. that being a steward... ...was a lot more than just having your butt in a pew on Sunday.
Even if he can't understand that Airsoft is just a fucking game.
Killed my kid.
I wish he would die today.
I’m just telling these people that you sir are a fraud.
"Damn it, let us go play."
Ugh. I know I sound like a doofus.
"What the hell, Stackhouse?"
She's an awful woman!
"If I die, Roan gets the signal."
I was an ass last week.
What the hell?!
You've got a foreign object right here... a bullet.
"We're fucked, aren't we?"
"All this shit-the responsibilities, all the problems, that stuff- that just disappears when I'm with you."
Put your business back in your pants and get the hell out of here.
Your son is a very sick boy.
Fancy a fag and a chat?
The worst mom!
I think we should hit him back.
"Hit him. One, two."
"With Will's mum on Facebook, that's tonight's wank lined up."
I'm sick and tired of these Visigoths.
Whas that stink?
"They're called Rat Mouse, and they're awful."
She'll kiss you like a snake.
Why are you all just standing there? He's crazy!
You don't fucking know that.
Mr. Duffy got it nowin his fat little hands.
A really fucked-up God.
Here. Take the kill switch.
"Hit them hard as we can, one-on-one, and fall back to the bridge."
Shit's about to get interesting.
"Yeah. I used to be a real jerk, but now I'm a people guy."
It's a fucking madhouse this year.
"All right, put this on, and get the fuck out of here."
"Oh, damn, he did it."
You looking to get your ass fired?
And three wives are bad too.
No. I've heard she's terrible. A bitch.
You are such a goofball.
Nothing's fucking wrong with me.
It's always too fucking hot.
Corrupt!
"Let them think you are a little crazy but respectful, too."
I can't believe we met just before you have to go on your stupid vacation.
He has hair everywhere... even his nipples.
"You did that to him, damn you!"
I don't have your fucking ball.
"If you two have finished eye-fucking each other, can we go?"
"She said, you show me a tropical fruit, and I'll show you a cocksucker from Guatemala."
What are you doing? God damn it!
That's it. That's a fucking monster.
Their hypocrisy.
Mr. Yang is the most notorious killer this city has never seen.
My folks think I'm nuts.
"Come on, give her something to hit!"
We're going to roll him off the roof.
"Come on, man, I fuckin' told you."
I have never not had sex.
You invited your date to a club full of naked girls?
"Why can't it burn everyone and fly off to another city?"""
That slithered out on your mother's filth.
"What a fuck now, Reznik?"
Right Probably haven't felt like stealing or lying or having sex with inappropriate partners either
"Yeah, I know all about you and that Nakatomi thing in LA. Butjust cos the TV thinks you're hot shit, that don't make it so."
"Rest assured, if you attempt to bring destruction down upon me... ...I shall do the same to you."
"Either that, or show some promise for fuck's sake."
There are more than enough people around to hate that man.
I thought you were gonna tell me I was gonna die again.
Woo! Shit.
What is your fucking problem?
Now I'll tell you what the fuck else.
Why the hell are they still followin' Shari ?
Maybe death will finish this.
"Would have sent him to kill you, too, if you had come with me."
"He whispered: ""Unless You intend to kill me, don't do that again."""
"No, I hate my daddy."
So fucking glad I'm getting out of here tomorrow.
Think I give a shit of what you want?
"I'm sorry, Padre, but I think it's ridiculous to blame invisible fairies for the bad shit people do."
He killed your father and drove Ophelia to suicide.
"If it's me, don't get a stupid novelty gift."
God. That's so freakin' unsafe.
"By 5:00 in the morning, we're in Kansas City... where we enjoy a leisurely breakfast at the airport... and by 8:00, we're on a plane to someplace warm... where it's against the fucking law to rain, okay?"
"Your little ass is gonna be in big trouble over that tape, girl."
The Jaffa are just slaves.
"Mr. Gaunt, I think we ought to say hello to each other, and I think it's high time you found out what happens to people who fuck with my town."
"Dang girl, I risked my neck all morning for your dumb behind."
"Fuck it. ""Pussy"" is a scientific word."
We'll hold you for ransom.
"I mean, don't you want to go over there and lick 'em and schmaltz all over them and just be like..."
Now fucking get up.
"Fuck, you're not so bad, Yngve."
"""If you like, I'll curse your name to everyone I meet and tell them all how badly you cheated me."""
"He thinks you probably were, but it was a good day to die."
"This is the way I dress and you know, goddamned what I wear..."
I could run you overby accident.
You got a fartin your brain or something?
"I damn you to hell ! Once again, bitter riots have started in the Middle East. This time even more massive."
Because you have no rights... ...you thieving little shit.
"But I know that if you say you will, you'll kill yourself keeping your word."
Leave me the fuck alone!
You're the man who burned their king alive.
She'll be cut up soon.
Shake those heads.
Your dad would be sick.
I should have you locked up and throw away the key!
What the hell was that?
"Man, that seems to suck."
It'il destroy them.
For real? My broken friend is closer to me... Than an ass to a chair...
"""Darn,"" Honor said with a mildness which deceived neither Brigham nor herself."
I have got a .44 bullet in my foot.
Mm-hmm. - I know I fucked up.
Shit worked very hard on this
Ugh. That old Lockwood cellar reeks of wet dog.
"""You're damned right,"" I said."
You look miserable.
"My old Daddy took me down to the river, kicked my ass, told me about the power and the glory."
Do you think I'm silly?
Ain't she the sweetest goddamn thing you ever saw in your whole life?
"It wasn't hard to find a judge that would give us a warrant on the crap they pulled out at Ted's house."""
Doesn't he know that tiptoeing around someone like they're crazy makes them crazy?
"You can play the shit out of that guitar, so I'll follow you anywhere you want, but don't you ever be calling me no ""son."""
He's so fake !
You better mind your damn business.
How about in the mud when I was trying to defend myself from that... pervert?
I told you she would never consciously betray the rebellion. Terminate her immediately.
"Lady gaga, like, wears some of the craziest outfits."
"If you don't wanna get hurt, keep your mouth shut and don't move."
So put your dick back in your pants.
Shut up! Shut up!'
You talk too fucking much.'
I was meant to be a rich shit.
God delivered her into his kingdom and left the other asshole trapped in an earthly prison of vanity and greed.
Then he thought what the hell.
"There was this fire, then these mean psycho Gorges came out of nowhere."
"Her mottled, inflamed buttocks tightened and she flinched against the expected blow, but he had not raised his hand."
The Nazis. Communists. Capitalists.
We used to watch him at the Palace Picture House... and then dance round the front room like lunatics.
"Well, you guys are gonna get semen."
Where is that slave scum headed?
It'll sink the goddamn paper.
"""Damn."""
"You're a sick girl, Kristen. if you want to get better, you must trust me now."
Think He'll mind if a Catholic takes a shot?
"Damn it, Earl! Didn't I talk to you about letting people sit on the made-up bed?"
Do you take me for a fool with your claims to faith?'
"Frequently he did not even appear on Sunday mornings, but issued his orders through one of the other pigs, usually Squealer."
"Why the hell are you so dressed up for a school fair, anyway?"
You're gonna beat they asses four times a day!
Pull them all up and fucking send them back to him!
"""But, since you are a practical man, how would you like a nice, practical punch in the snoot?"""
"Then I'll dump your butt in a rowboat, and you can paddle all the way back to Syracuse."
"Anyway, when they come across this kind of shit, man, they buy 'em on the cheap, sell 'em to us for a small profit."
"Why, because I don't want to see half your butt crack every time you get out of the car?"
"You want what you want, and you're not willing to see what's in front of you, which is a good fucking friend."
"We'll get rid of him, if he's any trouble."""
"By the way, does the Indian have to stink?"
"By killing Mr. Tunstall, y'all started the damn war."
Shit! I mean...
And don't tellme it's your goddamned stomach.
"So, have you been telling her what an airhead your new girlfriend is?"
Wow. He really does stink.
"""I don't like you, Sabin, but I would never willingly leave another being in the shape you're in."
You hide back in the cabin. I'll draw their fire.
"No, a computer can't tell you all that crap, I'll tell you."
What the hell!
"Oh, well, I'm 17, but I do look really young. I'm gonna kill your ass."
Why the fuck are you so interested?
"Jimmy, what the fuck?"
"My mind raced as I continued to touch him, my hand gripping his cock and stroking it."
"Fuck, I miss you."
"Uber hot up-and-comer Holly Rocket sitting alongside adult film industry legend and, if I may, the foxiest fuck bunny ever captured on video, Elektra Luxx."
Whole families are exterminated.
I will beat your pants off and enjoy every minute of it.
"Ten years ago, Germany was like France is today – the sick man of Europe."
What the hell are they doing here?
Where the hell's he going?
"Just black, thanks."
"Fuck, I thought it would be worse."
"You put on a German army helmet. You jump off the couch yelling, 'fire in the hole!'"
Save my bullets for the real fight.
"Trick had me killing my own people, killing myself."
"You're awful full of yourself, ain't ya?"
How the hell does somebody like you end up in Cyber Command?
"Open the door! - Shut up, Dan!"
"Well, I'll bury my foot in your-- Say it."
He's fucking dangerous.
What the fuck did you say?
Are you telling me that this sucker is nuclear?
I don't believe this shit!
But you wanted her to shoot you.
100 grand to the pound. Why the fuck are you counting it?
A fucking waste of time.
You will not like me when you look like a bunicuþã.
# So he bailed from fucking Kickapoo #
"That terrible creature, the Rat Queen, cast him under a bad spell."
You- You always cut them off.
"Damn. Sage: There's no physical explanation for these headaches of yours, Trevor."
Hung 'em in a closet.
Bro! You better be damn happy!
I can't just shoot someone like an animal.
"You don't work at Foot Locker, nigga."
No We're gonna get slaughtered!
Because you're like all criminals.
"Boring, Sidney. Boring, boring."
"""Shit,"" muttered Haplo, and put his hands back on the steering stone."
We think he dreamt About killing her for years.
The damn turtle stole my headband.
This is ridiculous. - It's personal.
She can't get a date because she sounds fat...
"Every day, I wake up and remember and have to fight just to pull my crap together."
"How long will it take you to saddle the horses, damn it?"
What the fuck are you waiting for?
"Oh, please, just stop the torture and kill me already."
Why are you so childish?
"All her immediate surroundings, the wearisome country, the middle-class imbeciles, the mediocrity of existence, seemed to her exceptional, a peculiar chance that had caught hold of her, while beyond stretched, as far as eye could see, an immense land of joys and passions."
"Bound, sliced and blown to bits?"
"I would prefer you alive, since your death might be wearisome to explain back on Aurora, but it would not be more wearisome than I could bear."
Steel between its ribs quieted it and Star coolly nocked another shaft and let fly while I was killing it.
"Somebody very carelessly, they just left a bunch of fucking money here!"
I'm in a goddamn phone booth.
Send another damn cable!
"But if we don't get the egg into their nest in twelve hours, She will die."
"And they die and they're old and mental, and so much in love."
"The big man straightened, black and faceless."
Your personality is really bad.
"She’d be up the stairs soon — her eyes on his body, his voice close to tears with her pathetic excitement at another series of scrawled names and nonsense."
"If he was lucky you would merely have stabbed him, but you might have lost your temper and used your acid tongue and he would never have recovered from that.'"
'But if the Whore tries to prevent me?'
Matthew lives in that nasty student Hotel Malebranche...
I'm fucking euphoric!
Or why there isn't a single fucking picture of him around the house?
I'd never thought I would see anybody better than those guys. - Shit.
So the warped Japanese society... is the cause of these crimes.
"If you are so remorseless and careless, it shall be done without you, sir."
"Melanie, shut the damn window!"
"And if you don't, I'll make you watch Taylor and your unborn freak baby meet a very painful end."
It's silly too.
"Fuckin' briar patch, huh?"
"Listen, if I got to be the lovable fuckup all my life to win your best friend prize, maybe you should keep your award."
He had some kind of a poison inside him driving him mad... a poisonous hatred that consumed his heart and flesh... and turned him into a demon monster.
I can not see me between 10 years ... ... to fight still in this stupid battle.
Take your dirty paws off me!
"Well, if this is a test, you get an a-plus, and I get a ""you suck."""
Thathe didn't know they would try to kill me.
"Can I just say, KTM is the stupidest company in the world?"
"Chrissie, he's fucked up."
"If I see your face again, I will melt it off."
Seems like everyone on this rock is losing their shit.
I just sent you bullets on the two bombs in Damascus.
"They are bad spirits. They're suppose to live in a fiery place, called Hell."
She looks good for a zombie.
"Yes, I am Vince's manager, But we've also been best friends since we were six years old and I don't appreciate sitting in a room discussing his personal life with a bunch of fuckin' strangers."
Fuck you. - What about his stuff?
My tits
"Kept his mouth shut for 1 7 years in San Quentin. Stroke or no stroke, old-school gangbang Mexicans don't help feds."
"Scumbag, what are you doing?"
"The man who had come out of the woods on that Saturday afternoon in midsummer was the Devil, and inside the empty holes of his eyes, his brains were burning."
And I don't sit around in clubs taking shit from gangsters.
"Now, get me my fucking credit cards."
"Silly girl, you've suffered long enough."
"Attention, sperm."
"""He's with the Fool, lad, and for all of that, he's as good as lost."""
He says that he will call himself a bastard if he ever drinks again after moving.
"I had to pour halfa box of Carpet Fresh on her crotch, just to stay asleep last night."
"When black people laugh, they relocate."
"""Tempus fuggit."""
If you haven't signed the unconditional surrender by then I will destroy you.
Stab him!
Because I will sue your ass so fast...
"""Dave the idiot?"""
I'd be a fool to believe anything Sherry says to save herself.
We can go down there and fix your head or we can fix it right here!
I'm starting to think all these girls have the same damn shrink.
"But honestly, the thought of sitting alone in the kitchen in the dark, dragging away on my solitary fag..."
"""Why the hell didn't you drive yourself?"""
"Then Nestor's arm went around her waist, and his hand up under her blouse, to squeeze her large breasts."
"Thanks to my shining example some of our finest young men and women are gonna come home... crippled, dickless, crazed or dead."
"Fuck, yeah! -Um, are we gonna do it?"
"""I didn't know you were so kinky."""
When honest cops go into slums... bad shit generally happens.
"Oh, damn inspiring stuff!"
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
Next time you talk to him... ...tell him to call me so I can find out... ...what's going onin my own fucking investigation.
"No uniforms and no weapons, or they'll shoot us."
"""A flaccid, overripe fruit of a woman."""
"You're supposed to get hit, it's a war."
Monday: Why am I so stupid?
She’ll raise her children and keep her mouth shut.
Do you know Dyson despises every fiber of my wretched being?
I'm sick of your moaning!
"And as you may know, I am totally and completely insane."
She's filthy rich.
Ain't that kind of dumb after what happened last time?
Hating him is enough.
So I'm supposed to what go in there and pretend I didn't just call her a classless hussy and mean it?
"Six feet under and half a face, he's still screwing with us."
"Juliet, calm the fuck down."
Everybody know the poor always being fucked over by the rich.
"'Cut the crap, Bourne!"
I'm fucked.
I'll start pummeling him.
Need to put a foot on his neck.
Why don't you shut up about women ?
We're living in a bugger hive.
"Jacqueline, why don't you tell the Shame Puppet what you did."
God damn it...
"I know, Sonia!Shut up!"
"Now, in response to their pathetic attempt at intimidation, he gave them a lesson in the real thing:"
This whole thing is ridiculous.
You lookas though I want to drill your teeth.
He'd be workin' on this shit day and night.
"Dope me up, peel this off, and slap a new face on me."
Sounds stupid when I say it out loud.
"She had the ring on, she seemed so excited, and then she took her breast out."
"""Shit."""
"God, Nora is such a brat these days."
"Now listen to me. You're are gonna take out those flesh eating monsters out of my gut, and then, I'll give you a clean copy of the archive."
"His tongue extended from the jaws, bloody, seeming almost an independent entity, a stricken worm."
He gets took for a chump and now we're partners all of a sudden?
"""I'm not going to let you kill me."""
You find out which byz lat is the current king shithead over in east LA
Are you out of yourfucking mind?
"It is a big, fat Turkish."
"Shit, you see the line over my head."
He'd forgotten that the dark-skinned peoples had always outnumbered the whites.
"Ok, patient comes from a family of jerks, I get it."
But this is COMPLETELY ludicrous.
I'm gonna puke.
It looks exactly the fucking same.
"""Let's sit down and watch telly, ""and kill in the first way we see after nine o'clock."""
"Yeah, it's a dumb movie thing... ... but what do you want me to do, lie about it?"
Looks dumb and old.
"Shut up, Robby."
"Hit me, and see what happens."
So do as I say and keep the fucking cage LOCKED!
I can't believe she's fucking doing that!
I'm a suicidal headcase.
Damn! He's going in!
What the fuck are you even doing here?
I wanna feel their bones break under my fists.
"Remember that gorgeous, corn-fed white boy, honey... ...that you just dumped like yesterday's garbage?"
It's not fags.
"It was really amazing, 'cause here's a thing that can record sound like tape, but you can fuck with it in million different ways."
I refuse to die like a dog!
CENTRALNI DISPECINK TAXI PRAHA
"After all the shit we've been through, don't you get it?"
"Man, when I have kids, and I tell them how I met their mother, I'm gonna tell them everything, the whole damn story."
The mother of Lily the biter.
"But if he lived and defeated these bastards, then perhaps his family would get their freedom . . . or as much freedom as Harkonnen civil service workers could ever have on Giedi Prime."
"Shoot. Hey, Monster, have you seen my morning list?"
"Tommy, if you're gonna puke, don't do it here."
Let's have sex.
I teased at life as if it were a foolish game
"Rico will think I'm a fool, he thought."
"""We're going in for God and country and democracy and here's a foetus and he's a Hitler."
I'm a great fucking friend.
Is there no fucking Santa claus?
Now they kill a man just for talking about it.
They shoot my family!
"And I kept thinking, ""My God, I cannot wait till I get old enough to play with this junk."""
"Oh, shit. It's headed for the school."
"Your damn right, I found you a fighter, and you made her the best fighter she could be."
What a narrow-minded Catholic dump!
Get your finger out of my face.
Typical dick. No green.
So Flake-- It's the next fuckin' shipment.
Where the hell did you come from?
Every living thing within a league of here will be dead.
"We're on a public place, and I don't want you to lose your shit."
"Oh, suck it, suck it, suck it, suck it!"
They're for that dog out there trying to eat my balls.
They'il never fuckin' know!
"That's the wrong black LS, obviously."
Robbie's gonna go to medical school if it kills both of us.
"You ain't no real teacher, fool."
"What the hell were you doing, they got under the seat?"
Maybe it was about damned time he faced the mysterious hunters.
"So when the bride comes in and she makes her giant, grand entrance-- I like to glance back at the poor bastard getting married."
"They are thin and haggard with the toil, the perspiration stands upon their brow in beads; you feel that if there is another hill beyond the poster they must either get off or die."
"If she figures out who I really am, Samaritan will too, and we'll all be dead."
"You'il be safer in there with 500 murderers than out here with one of me, do you understand?"
One thing I know for sure about Sixers-- they tried to put a bullet in your head the other day.
I'd pay to shoot a shot like that.
"""It tastes filthy!"""
"Have you never read any Russian literature, you uneducated woman?"
"""Oh, for the gods' sake, Gunthar, give him your permission to die."
"But dopey, sleazy, and uptighty can't find them."
Venom legally owns half your shit.
"I was just wondering if, you know, you wanted to have sex again."
"Lt's not a very good idea, in my opinion. But nobody consulted me, because my job is just to maintain the park... ...which is basically poking trash with a stick."
"The hell they're gonna do, give us a ticket?"
But I haven't raped her.
For fuck's sake I have the best girlfriend in the world.
We've got the best looked-after niggers in the Caribbean.
"Psycho dog, did you make this mess ?"
"Shit, I don't have to go to your school."
"What are you looking at, my tits?"
"""Don't see too well, do you, bugger?"" said Peter."
Screw her. She put me on the bottom of the pyramid.
I'm getting too old for that nonsense.
Men are vicious!
You're like a fresh new take on a gay guy.
If I'll bounce her she'il hate me
"Come on, bitches, smile."
I mean more stupid than usual!
"Yeah, those are my parents, asshole."
Potter lifted his face and looked around him with a pathetic hopelessness in his eyes.
"Okay, look, Marty, I don't wanna hit you because you're..."
Not a woman of your intelligence.
"Well, let's get to work, vagina."
"Crazy math brain, gift for laundering money."
You wanna stand up and let the fuckers know we're here?
"You know, after I'm done with her, I'm gonna finish her off, too."
Do you fucking understand what I'm saying!
"You know, I'm sick of this. Just go to hell!"
"This freak killed theJacobis in Birmingham on Saturday night, February 25."
"Ashes to ash, and funk to funky We know major Tom's Phil: Oh shit."
"My, my, such a lot of guns around town and so few brains."
"And now she's throwing me out of my own home because, I fucked up a little bit"
Her arms were crossed modestly over her breasts.
"It's me, you muttonheads!"
"He was both, an organized killer and off-the-charts lunatic."
I just hope the pudgy clown doesn't puke on the rug.
It's crap. They're in New York shopping for you right now.
I don't know what the hell that is... but I'll lick it anyway.
"For every man saved, we will kill one million."
He is saying she would die.
Am I not the luckiest bastard on earth? Aw!
"So we go into Biocyte, kill Chimera,"
And you'd sooner fester down there with all those bloody Tories... ...in that blue - rinse retirement home by the sea?
"""I see I was right to have his damnable mouth fused shut before I executed him."""
"Compensate real estate, down with incompetent cops!"
"Yes, served in the best Chinese porcelain. Idiot ..."
He stands on a soapbox and preaches hell and damnation all day.
And all that late night rehearsal bullshit.
"Avoiding cameras. –So, what's the problem? –This is the goddamn problem."
I told you this was fucking dangerous.
"If I was my real size, your cow here would die of fright."
Are you completely miserable?
"Faster, you idiots!"
He must have broke his legs in the landing and then stumbled in this hole. you poor bastard.
"It's no part of my duty to see all the old women in the house die, and I won't --- that's more."
You guys have moved in to one weird fucking town.
"Too old and big and nasty."""
Why the fuck can't I change?
"Yes, you've been brainwashed."
Can you imagine a more disgusting organization to join?
"They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself."
"When the cramp had passed, he looked at Lloyd with dumb gratitude."
"Jesus, Red, you actually shot him."
Give up your vanities or face the wrath of God.
"Ah, but to dorks like him, they are."
The thing I love about Tammy is she calls me on my crap.
"There was a dull flat sound at the back of the place, behind the closed door beyond the crap table."
"When you're on 10 and you're humping me, you're bringing me into it."
And you ain't fucking yelled since then my foot's dragging!
"If it's not sex, it's money."
"She could be a drug addict, like her mom."
"Oh, you can't beat crazy."
"Jack, you do know ammonium dysterate could kill them as easily as flush them out."
"If he dies, everybody on that boat dies."
He'il skin me alive.
I can still bite her before it's too late.
The last thing this baby needs is an uncle psychopath.
He'il curse me first.
What the hell?
Your head's already as big as your waist.
"""I do not slate people for doom any more than Thanatos kills them,"" Lachesis said."
"Watch your ass, big guy."
"Oh, I see you've got your big fucking knife there."
What did you fucking say?
He eats a doughnut then stabs her 8 times.
"You told him you were 18, you lying cow."
"Yeah, and when my prick jerks up at a right hand, I'll smile, he thought dizzily."
"Think You're gonna walk out the door, take that with You, leave me here holding the fucking sack?"
It is gonna melt your face off.
How about -- how about all these people passing off their novels as true stories just because nobody gives a fuck about fiction anymore?
What the hell's your problem ?
Munk is a bossy know-it-all... with a butt the size of a shopping mall.
What the fuck am I supposed to call you?
"Look, Debbie, you are high off your ass if you think you're coming into that room."
"You are the king of England, goddamn it."
"Margot would love to stick a knife into me, and it wouldn't be to test the thickness of my skin."
I have fucked up so much recently.
I was screwing with you.
"If you're hiding anything, I'm gonna hurt you in ways you'll never forget!"
"'And Baruk, and some monster of a man wearing a dragon's maskand armed.'"
Calling me a fucking liar?
"There's no night, there's no day, it's just one big fucking blur and it don't count for nothing."
"Fuck you, too!"
"Here's the thing, I don't trust this chick."
"School plays, hockey games, birthday parties... Shut up."
Nurse.
"If there was any danger in having Claire around, I'd get rid of her. It's you."
You're still on my shit list.
Maybe I fucked it up.
Kiddy porn?
"Crumpled, drunk and full of self-pity, he had put his hand round the back of her neck and made a rambling speech that had ended in a pathetic attempt to get her to go home with him, or maybe just into his. office, who knows."
"You're welcome to join us, but I'm sure you're gonna get the fuck out of here."
"All right, now you see it's useless lying to me."
"Plus, I have already masturbated so I can hit the sweet spot Between ""you're done already?"" and ""enough already."""
"You go to jail, dexter gets the death penalty again."
"I pulled a gun, he tried to blow me up."
"¶ Now, Roger is his name, laughter is his game ¶ ¶ Come on, you dope, untie his rope ¶ ¶ And watch him go insane ¶ He's lost his mind."
"To gay paris. After I left, i, uh, I rented a small pencione in"
"Oh, pick up the phone, you little shit, please."
And you're an emotionally neglectful father.
"Oh, please, please. - You don't tolerate shit from nobody. - Mm."
You blew out my frickin' window.
So the next logical step: get the humans out of there and let the machines kill each other.
Ah! demonic voice I want to flood your world and wash it clean.
It all gets so goddamn boring after a while.
But I'm gonna send this message and I need that fucking code.
They've stupified all of you with their propaganda!
I'm dead because somebody... ...I'm not gonna point out names right now... ...decided to murder me with a machete.
"Damn it, Rodney, You leave the hose out in the atrium, again?"
Ohh! How'd you kill your bodyguard?
"I'm not here five minutes, and I'm already pulling your fanny out of the fire."
"Subject man, verb fucks, object woman."
"Hey, you, you are not a coward."
Get brutal.
"Congratulations, you're a disgrace."
I'm your worst damn nightmare.
I'd kill everyone I encountered until I was sated.
"You stopped it, man. You fucking did it!"
I am not gonna help you find your missing testicle.
It's a soulless world full of bad people who screw you at every turn.
She was mad sick.
They're some sort of prehistoric parasite... ...that thawed in the ice inside the mammoth.
They're inhuman
"Earn your 500 an hour, ass-wipe."
She's got a point : you're screwed.
"It's just... I'm saying this to you as your fucking sister and nothing else, okay?"
They called us back here so we can give 'em blowjobs.
It's men who do sluts.
"I mean, the way you learned all that math so fast. That was damn sexy."
"Dancer, hell."
Where is my fucking cocaine?!
Why you still on your ass?
"Well, you really turned out to be some kind of major freak, huh?"
I feel so pathetic!
hentai sex scenes hanah montana kama sutra nude akon amnesia ibiza 2girls1cup bb8 big brother linkin park enrique iglesias jonas brothers basshunter xxx sexy girls power rangers mistic forse pamela anderson sex video orgasm wwe
What the hell was he doing here?
Where the hell are you?
If her friend back there didn't know we were hunting before he sure as shit does now.
Keep your damn hands off my man!
"One day you all shiny-suited up, then the next day, you head to the garage lookin' for the raw shit."
How queer! I never heard of anyone who didn't eat chicken.
I'm not gonna let you kill anymore people!
When do I get to fuck a donkey?
"At least we'il die on our backs, helpless."
"""When you empty out the vessel, you also empty out all the crap floating around in there,"" Glen said."
"You're right, quite disgusting."
But how the fuck would you know that?
In hell with her... ...if there's any truth to what the nuns taught me in Catholic school.
"He wanted to close me, and you stood there like a fuck and watched them burn me down!"
And he's into sexual role-play.
"He gave me a fucking tip, it didn't pay off."
He's a disgrace.
"You're that serial killer, aren't you?"
"When you were dead, I went to your grave."
We had to send him to the Taft Airstrip five fucking hours away.
We'll end up in the bloody clink!
"McQueen, move your ass!"
"Pissed me off, your daddy did."
Fucking hell!
Since Ruth and your mother arrived you've been acting like a shrew.
Sorry about your mom and the whole cancer shit.
Climate Minister Amir Diwan is an inept womaniser
"You wiggle your little tushy in front of the audience... as you bend over to pick it up, and presto!"
I'm the best damn pilot there is. And I say you're dead wrong.
"Without local protection, you guys are just drunk lambs at a wolf party."
I had the worstmorning with this evil doctor.
"I know it sounds stupid, but in my own way, I am."
My little goddamned genius!
It's highly unlikely that a left-handed man would shoot himself in the right side of his head.
Be easier to whack the fuckin' President.
That girl you had sex with last night... She has a great curvy body but is as pitiful as you
Shut up. Let me do it.
They're backstabbers... like you.
"When the candidates came to the BOPE training, the corrupt came with them."
"You got some set of balls, Sonny."
"Anabelle got tired of your drunken carousing and threatened to fire you from the only job that you had, so you killed her."
"You fart, we smell it."
"Nobody. I'm smart. And, if you're getting pussy and you drive this car, you know she loves you."
I don't suppose it's much different from... killing a human.
Suck my wand?
"Pussycup, please."
"4 km, so fuck them."
You fucking killed him!
It's a pity you autobots die so easily or I might have a sense of satisfaction now.
"No, no, you know what's stupid?"
I was away when all that shit went down with your brother.
Otherwise you could be in deep shit.
Blow yourself.
Fuck should she leave?
Your basement stinks and it's still a mess!
"Almost certainly, I'm not the kind of guy who'd take any crap from whoever you are."
I won't kill... Eat you!
Get the fuck out of the car!
They're going to hit us.
You're always saying how much slavery sucks.
Or throw you in a dungeon.
"If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you."
"Oh Kyle, you are gobbling those balls, aren't you?"
That bloody mess in Budapest.
Shake his fucking hand and we can all go home.
"Well, ugly or not, help me!"
"So when your dog says ""Woof, woof""... ...feed him Iliad, the classic dog food. - Oh, shut up."
"Actually,that's our crap wagon,Tabitha."
"Shit, you might as well just let Blind George cut it up."
"Pat, shit all over the floor."
This killer is quite something.
"Johnny, I told you before, if she so much as mentions my fucking name, you pay."
"He could share none of it, except through her words, and she was dumb with admiration or terror, he couldn't tell which."
For fuck's sake...!
"Like... ..."" Hey, man, how's the ground down there?"" and shit."
I saw you die tonight.
Do you actually think anyone gives a shit?
"Our ass is saved, General!"
"That was fucking close tonight, man."
"You don't even joke about shit like that,"
Quieres sex? Whew!
"Shit. I thought the cops would be down there all night. I had a vision, Goose."
We fry Javadi's ass publicly.
"Suspect is a Cuban national, violent career criminal by the name of Elvis Manuel Machado."
"He's so backed up all I'd have to say is ""panties"" and he'd jizz his jeans."
What if I was just to kick the ever-loving shit out of ya?
"Mr. Baxter slammed the door in my face today, calling me a damn ghoul."
The market is giving its own answer to the question “Is honesty for suckers?” Its response is:
Either shut up or go help Jackson get the force field back on.
"Too much pussy is bad for your heart, amigo."
"Inside, he encountered first a pile of ugly human dead; nothing that he wanted there."
"If I die, you must protect the clan."
Ony by an od woman's tongue.
I ... -Shut up!
"Fuck. Bamboo, whatever."
He's gonna get killed if he goes alone.
Is Kowalski a midget?
You expect me to believe... my son was gonna kill a child to save his own life?
"To round up every known Protestant for questioning, even torture."
"You'il never hang me, Cole."
"He runs the projects. Real scumbag. Yeah, well, may have been running drugs for him, but that's not who they were working for when they bumped into Hardy."
"Manny, hold up a goddamn minute!"
"What's this ""day of rest"" shit?"
"See, I brought you here 'cause I wanted to show you motherfuckers what's real... to me."
Are you insane?
Hang them on the wall.
"That is a pretty stupid name. Where are you from, Mr. Fake Name?"
Tell him to get his ass out here to Phoenix and pick up his goddamn CDs.
"Come on, who the hell do you think you're talking to?"
"But look at it this way, in a few short months, you'il be with me, in New York City, the greatest fucking city in the world!"
"Ooh, diaper full of poop."
Just look at the chaos in the eyes and tell him to go screw himself.
Network television is on its fucking deathbed.
The killer is. Only this woman didn't die from a poisoned apple.
"Peter, damn it, no!"
"Plus, she's got a crazy temper."
"Hurry up, Hirshfelder. We're gonna leave your ass. - Sorry, man."
Major Sharpe has made her most miserable.
"Dude, I am an ass man."
And they're gonna smile when you die.
"Mingo, move your shit, stay out of my way... and we'll get along just fine."
What if you are a manically depressed robot?
"I'll give her 5 for her breast, 3 for her buttocks, 9 for her legs."
"I need to get those medical books- those books you always use, right? - Fuck!"
You grow up so stinking fast.
"Yes, I never trust those adults' shits."
That old witch thought that you and Thurzo are enemies.
He just bitched out like a little girl.
Get the hell out of my gym.
But it seems your soul is still corrupt.
She'il string you on barbed wire to make a necklace for the harpy!
You're a danger to yourself and others in your current state.
Execute external solver
Guys as crazy as that could have done a lot of damage to their own before they got to us:
He is a little sick.
And ain't shit you gonna do about it.
"Well, turn around and get home as fast as that nag'll take you."
And even worse... ...what the fuck are you kissing her good-bye for?
Only weak people do that.
Tonight you pukes will sleep with your rifles.
You just wanna see your name in the paper next a bunch of lies!
"Well,you did call him a glorified high school science teacher whose last successful experiment was lighting his own farts."
I'm glad you think ass burgers is funny.
It would be difficult to convince people to do the right thing. Because she was as whore? No.
I'd hate to piss that woman off.
Punk kid! You got no respect!
Who cares what stupid 43 means?
"Oon't fuck with me, man."
"First, you left me there in Iraq like a piece of shit!"
"Oh, so now it's inflatable-sex-doll night at Dodger Stadium."
The miserable John Bull who shares it with me is away attending to his master.
Never turned their backs on a threat except to kick.
"""God damn, the Resi­dence Level at the White House isn't this good."""
She's a computer-- addict.
SS waffen troopers too... ...which are like the baddest ass Nazis of the whole Nazi family.
"Well, the good news is my parents bought it, but they think Patrick's a violent lunatic who beat up Andy for two hours."
The guy's always givin' me shit.
"You set them up and I'll knock them back, one by one."
"I don't know yet, Lisa, I'm still travelling on the fucking buzz."
"How do I know I'm gonna get my fucking Bible if I give it to you, though?"
(all) And he's got balls!
MONGOL WHO WANTED TO DESTROY TANGUT KINGDOM
"Aren't we going to arrest this impostor, corporal?"
"No-one could bury money like rats, and it didn't pay to take too much into towns."
"Kill the motor, dude."
"Wrong again, wimp."
Your sister's hot.
"For all our hubris, so much ignorance remains in western healing."
"Hey, you know, shit happens."
I'm fucking bleeding out!
Why have I been doing this shit all day?
She just told me she thinks I'm gay.
The hideous mask of a Dragon Highlord concealed his face.
"Watty, are you shitting me?"
Haggis is seasoned lard stuffed into a sheep's colon.
"Behind him, he heard a buzz from the phone on the fat lady’s desk."
It's just black.
"If I don't tell you you're awful, you'll never get good."
"They're brothers of the Night's Watch and I can't just stab them in the back and I can't run away, which is what we did at Craster's."
"Fuck you! -come on, guys!"
"Huh, not bad for a loser."
"Healy said that the cubans and brazilians, these hybrids, they were killing themselves and their children."
Why not say it to my fucking face?
It had just been some sort of foolish impulse… hadn't it?
Bumping pussies is a violation of jail rules.
You're ill.
"FIRST HE TOLD HER ABOUT PLACES HE'D VISITED, THEN HE TALKED ABOUT TALISIN AND HOW IT HAD HURT TO SEE HIM DIE IN SOME MINOR SKIRMISH WITH A BUNCH OF GOBLINS."
They're just so damn sick.
Maybe he will die in the night.
"If I did that, Fenwick and his people would chew me up."
"He said, suddenly too big for his shit-caked britches."
You're liable to blow up the building.
Man is who wrote the Bible. Nature made gay people.
You need me for a transfusion... because your own blood has turned to dust... and clogged your heart.
Get the fuck out of here!
"So now you know what an awful, awful, awful person I am."
"""F"" to you."
Who the hell are you?
Shoot her?
"We're opening next year, if the lawyers don't kill me first."
Sometimes the Commissioner carried his affectation of Medievalism to a rather foolish extreme.
"JP, mate, following me here could be the last scene of a rom-com, but could also be the first scene of a horror film that ends up with my head on a stick and you wanking."
If anything happens I'll execute you on the spot.
Tell your crew you sent the biker boys to do your bitch work.
She thinks I'm a monster.
He's not even a Snake's arsehole.
"I told that kraut a fucking thousand times, I don't roll on shabbos!"
"We're all insane, yeah."
She's got the eyes of a killer.
So how screwed are you?
That don't make no motherfuckin' sense!
Where the hell do you think you're going?
He's a crook! I need to hammer that home when he taunts me about my family money and Harvard and the rest.
"Humpty, where the fuck is your brother?"
Who stayed in labor without painkillers. .so you wouldn't turn dim-witted like your cousin Jimmy?
"""You fools think the kazoo is a subversive instrument?"
That is the most ludicrous excuse I've ever heard.
I saw thefirst game of the 1969 World Series... right here in this house thirty years ago. Bullshit. Myfather's name is Francis Patrick Sullivan.
"The morel know of him, the more I hate him. $10 for this shit?"
"No shit, I never thought of that!"
Yougirls eat like pigs.
"Now, come on, honestly, who here has never had sex with Mrs Cartman?"
"""But Barnaby is a corruptor."
You know why you're gonna die?
"Fuckin' twerp. Too bad about your brothers, Mary Jane."
"They're white, heartless, aren't they?"
How many times have I told you.. ..not to talk to useless people while washing the car?
Fuck off back to Dublin.
Damn near killed me.
So watch your mouth unless you wanna catch a shank in the back during yard.
"Now sit down, shut up and fill out the forms."
"If there are 20 naked guysin there, I'm usually in the top 18."
Damn! It's about time!
"Shit, I don't know if I ever wanna do this now."
Shit. What I'm doing?
"""If an ass goes a-travelling, he'il not come back a horse."""
I'm gonna poke it with a stick. No!
"You really stink, you know that?"
"If my dad gets here and I don't have a job, he's gonna spank me."
"He looked like a good-humored fuck, probably Irish, eyes all crinkled up and these white bushy eyebrows."
What the fuck did I say?
"Chapter 2 BOB'S BIG ARMS were closed around to hold me inside, and I was squeezed in the dark between Bob's new sweating tits that hang enormous, the way we think of God's as big."
"He told me again, thirty million dollars, n I kep thinkin that if my hand got any stupider, I was gonna drop the phone."
I hate this Karen lady.
But there's nothing like a winter afield for taking that nonsense out o' young wenches' heads; and you've signed and agreed till Lady-Day.
Holy shit.
Give him guts.
"Damn, the table is too small for seven of us."
"Six weeks from now, they'll all be dead. Come on."
You haven't even said sorry for fucking it up.
"You can't have sex without a partner, and you can't spy worth talking about without real live spies."""
"Now that we're all gonna be on the same damn healthcare, too."
Call the freaking math department.
Taking a crap when three giant birds are watching your every move is certainty not an easy task.
# That's why you got to shoot your love-#
The Mad Hungarian's efforts at self-control succeed only in making him look as though he urgently needs to urinate.
"Like, really killed them!"
And don't touch my women!
Dunno what you're looking so fucking smug about!
It's an appeal... one of Ferguson's fucked-up deals.
That shit ain't funny.
Not stopping more women from being raped?
"Health code violations, my ass."
Either you come back with me or you stay here and you die with your friends. Those are your choices.
"... and she gets so angry she wants to kill him, what happens then?"
Other than the fact that... I can't turn my back without Mike humping me like a Chihuahua.
Worked every goddamn day of his life.
"Well, I hope your friends are ready to get fucked up."
"But remember, if anything goes wrong, you will be the first to die, hmm?"
"I got on $800 shoes, and you can't even see the motherfuckers."
"""Sorry Le Chiffre's gonna win... ...continue funding terror and killing."" That kind of sorry?"
"Going to New York in the flesh had been better than going todash in one way-that sense of lurking darkness had been gone, and the accompanying sense of thinness- but God, the place stank."
You're no fag?
He was an old man and on his shoulders was a dead wild pig.
I'd like to screw someone.
"Oh, what the hell?"
I don't like seeing her. I don't hate her.
Gross things.
"So, you're sticking to the 'I don't remember' crap?"
"It's a fucking thing people say, okay?"
That's retarded.
Let him starve!
"Nope. I'm gonna tackle you with my hands, Pete."
One more fucking day!
You could play me and shit!
He had heard that Hollywood was a fine place for obnoxious fellows with money.
You think I'm a loser.
"The Kaiser thinks the Russians will stand back and let the Austrian army enjoy the whore houses in Belgrade for a couple of weeks, doesn't he?"
"Or a piss-poor, 30 year old altar boy, who sits in at the weekend and pulls his winky?"
They'd post me up front. Darn near ahead of the lines. And I'd sit... forever.
"Defendant CHOI Jong-sool... brutally assaulted a 9 year-old. Then, choked her and raped her."
Answer the damn phone.
A small man with no integrity.
Enough with this anomaly horseshit!
He saved my ass back there.
"That's why God gave us a poop shoot, Arnold."
I mention the underwear thing... ...he has a fucking conniption.
We've had it with you. We gave you $2500 on that Lebanon gig. - You fucked it away in Greece.
I don't think you're a fool.
I wanna hit them.
I don't know whether to look f or a giant or a midget.
Receive my semen...
That stupid FBI agent is he reason why you're still alive.
He was just waiting to die.
I'm the one who had to throw away the damn time machine.
"On the list of my mom's mental states I don't wanna hear about, disappointed is second only to horny."
There are a few thieves in here
"God damn, I have missed you so much. I want to fall asleep in your arms and wake up in your arms and hold you forever in our house."
"His conviction that he was making her happy seemed to her an imbecile insult, and his sureness on this point ingratitude."
Shit It's a fundamentalist
We fucked with you.
Now you're picking up alien trash.
And beat the crap of the enemy.
Where the fuck are you?!
That your dad was fucking my mom.
You sent those thugs to attack me.
"Listen. There's a lot of people in my fucking life that I wish I never met but Romeo is definitely not one of them, ok?"
"Oh, shit, I think it's hand sanitizer."
"Well, fuck. Jesus."
Your little device was useless and Tuvok is my prisoner.
Sit yo' ass down.
"Wretched, isn't it?"
Let's have naked girls.
So it's either get used to such things-or send me away forever-or bust your nice new bladder.)
Killing people.
Because every teacher I've ever had my entire life was chock full of crap.
"Not an armed man, not a real enemy, but some poor bastard who had just taken a job with the wrong side, probably just to feed his family, if he had one."
This dog must have a trauma.
"Jackie, Donna, get naked."
"That shit's the bomb, bro!"
"Now, Sir, in the back of the head."
Are you screwing with me?
"No, I'm kidding, you moron."
I try to fuck my shrink.
It's those god damned greedy manufacturers out in Cincinnati.
"Anyway, I drove to Betsy's house, and I was literally about to tell her, and that's the night she said she wanted to have sex."
Somebody strangled him.
Now get out of those khakis and get back to homicide.
"Jonathan attempted to catch hold of the wretched man, soothe him."
"""And homosexuality has been going on for centuries, yeah."" ""At the moment, having a gay image is 'in'."""
"No, he's just a crotchety old dude."
I don't give a fuck about whisky.
"The man with the gun was now out of sight, but the drivers still stared after him as he went uphill toward Point Venuti's lunatics."
"“Tell Mary Pat that she can sell this stuff to Hustler if she wants, but I really don’t need it at eight in the god­damned morning.”"
"Actually, Senator, my men have been given the go ahead-- shoot to kill."
Fat girls have got feelings.
Y'know one of those useless machines they used to make was called an MRl.
He wanted to get you out of his life and get back to those ridiculous young women he chased after.
"Suck it out of a hose, yup."
Ghouls should be out there.
Ninja death toast.
"I feel like they do tell you, but you don't listen... or you think, ""Ah, they're just miserable. """
She lets him pull down her shift and kiss her breasts.
"You know, maybe he'il buy a dirty magazine."
Then I started punching it out.
"Straight from the heart, no fucking around."
"Minister, that hospital is for sick British not healthy foreigners!"
We're handing Haqqani Afghanistan on a platter. Fuck that!
"Demons of the underworld, beware! Your time on Earth is drawing nigh!"
That's why he stays home and still owns this car and makes me wear these dumb-ass clothes.
"Now, come on, Captain Pussy!"
"I don't give a fuck, l want the chopper!"
"God, they suck."
I know he's got a hand that looks like it's been punching a fucking wall.
"They should make a stink, phone up people and complain about the meat."
Someone crack his chest!
"Fuck off, Billy."
I think your witness piss himself.
"Well, airport management, the FAA, and the airlines... they're all cheats and liars."
"In other words they're worried about what ""God"" might think if they commit murder. They're covering their existential asses."
What the hell are you doing?
"Terry was right all along, he thought. 1 am an asshole."
Her face was deathly white.
"And if they're putting their balls on the block again, I won't miss it."
"And that's what I'm gonna do, kick your ass."
God dammit! What are you doing?
I never heard of him. Tell him we'll be back... bitch.
What the hell happened? Ziad was acting on orders from your brother.
Five assorted trash and one good cop... one of the best on ourforce.
"So you were some real hot shit in the army, huh?"
"Man, some of these Manson chicks are really hot."
You're right monkey.
"Oooooh. Mr. Puckov - yeah, you're so butch!"
I didn't punch a girl. I punched a horrifying monster.
"Someone is trying to kill me, sending things like demon monsters after me."
Another fucking Mongoloid.
Just cut the muscles connectors around the anal orifice ... to loosen the skin.
"Oh, damn, I had thought they would parley first."""
"I got a big-ass coat, chair to sit in, chalice cuof wine and a midget, but I ain't going out there with all them monsters out there!"
A bloody one-man show!
What would I profit from your death?
This boring cocksucker.
"No, Sammy, you'll drown!"
"And what do you think I want? Sonia, listen to me, I'm talking to you. You would've killed us."
He's miserable.
I prefer a dead child to a lawsuit from your parents.
I've put up with his nonsense for too long.
The media is just waiting for you to fuck up again.
"Oh, suck it, virginity pledges!"
"But look, they're degenerate, Frank."
And none of them remembers a damn thing.
"Kitt, shut up."
Shoot immediately.
"If the swelling spread to Shane's throat, he could choke to death."
"You killed it up there, buddy."
"Brains and ambition, but no fucking style at all."
"But he is a fink, isn't he?"
Bitch aged me two years.
Cut me.
Damn. Hey!
"And you're crazy. No, I'm honest."
Alex's great pleasure is A: making out he's hung like a donkey... ...and B: publicly humiliating anyone who's not.
"Red eyes, full of insanity and malevolence, peered at him over Oy's contorted body."
Pussy is da' bomb. No?
"Before you start congratulating yourselves, remember that you haven't achieved a damn thing yet."
Shoot 'em up!
Staggeringly immature!
You'll stay there and rot until you decide to talk.
"Satanists look with disdain upon ""white"" witchcraft groups because they feel that altruism is sinning on the lay-away plan."
An Irish and a Jew walk into a Chinese laundry... With a gay duck.
"Shoot, Wolk!"
And I'm the best damn Lego builder I've ever met.
"I need a violet one for domestic violence, a lime one for herpes, and a jade green one for how much I hate Kyle."
"Don't you dare pull that ""wonderful"" crap with me."
"Men abuse me, I get paid."
"Men, as we both know, are fallible."
You little bastard!
Nobody's got better loser moves than me. -
"Niggers on strike, now this shit."
"Sheriff getting your ass, huh?"
Can't look at their fucking faces anymore.
"I'll give you $5,000 to give me this whore's name."
Mm-hmm. And that is why the lid is being kept on on gang violence by the meanest son of a bitch in the valley.
"Look, I'm not gonna bullshit you."
Just tell me what the fuck you want from me.
I know that you and your brother are good friends But he is too crazy.
What the hell's going on?
Hard to imagine you running with a bullet in your leg.
Dirty angels.
Washburn thinks that you slit Denise's throat.
"The thing about you, Miranda, is you're such a drag."
Did you see his fucking face?
"Aye, Judy's a strange lass- moody and perverse and unpredictable."
"We've been chasing demons all night, searching cemeteries all night, and no freaking vampires."
We're all gonna die 'cause of some little girl who dreams of knights.
"Yes, he takes her to a beautiful restaurant for lunch in the Bois. Ridiculous."
"For once in your life, why don't you mind your own goddamn business?"
What the hell was that thing...
Then what's that thug doing over there?
"What the hell do we do next?"""
Holy crap! Who's that?
"""This takes too much brains for a worm.”"
Who's gonna fuck me then?
Was he conceived here under the trees at night like all the other bastards?
"Crítica, Biblioteca de bolsillo, Barcelona, 2001, sets out with biting sarcasm ‘the laws of human stupidity’ sorting people into four groups according to a simple losses and gains equation:"
"Okay. I don't know what the hell you think you're doing, man."
He's as rotten as the three at the trial yesterday.
Why you giving me this shit man?
Do you think I won't destroy you?
"I have my terms, if you don't live up to them, you get no pussy."
We're all dying off...
"I mean, I really like you, but I have to assume you're a little nutty ifyou really believe you're not beautiful."
"""Rats in the walls, Susannah."
"All right, you want to blow some shit up, blow some shit up."
"If you see floating little fat people, say you're on a mission from God... ...they'll slap you some heavy Thorazine."
"Open the chest with the key, and stab the heart..."
You want to stop screwing around?
"Purr as you want. But if you do not want to kill your doll, will you let me go."
"Men like him always do, just like all the horrible people I've seen"
"The sort of stuff you read in books or the papers, except what Dad told me was the real shit."
"So, what, grab him, shoot him full of drugs, pick his brain, and then... and then what?"
"I'm not here shoveling shit, but, Dad, I'm doing my share."
"You look like an asshole. Yeah, well, you look... super hot."
You fucked over your share of people in your day.
It reminds me of sucking on my mothers nipples
Not until you tell me what the hell this is.
You're not human.
"And I suppose you wankers didn't either, right?"
Do you really believe your parents' money can buy you out of who you are and the shit that you do?
It's completely fucked because nobody believes you.
"Petrov's gay propaganda law? That's just words, too."
"""Sounds stupid to me."""
"You're really annoying, you know that?"
"I'll look into this, so just fucking relax."
"No, gay sex."
Fine. Just give me something crawling with parasites.
I know these people in my goddamn blood.
I was sure you were going to die. . . .
That's why I hit up your girl.
What a moron.
Why don't you just go to a gay bar?! ...Ooh! ...
"That is, if you can find him, and if he doesn't try to kill you."
Do not tell me how to fight Indians.
"Sure. But then I picked myself the fuck up, I dusted myself off, and I sold that messy, late-term abortion as a TV pilot."
Let's get the fuck out of here!
He wants to kill me so bad!
"""Crazy"" or..."
"Ah! And remember... it's parry, then thrust, just like sex."
"Manny open up to go on the food run, an' this dicksucker was right there."
"He said ""I've killed her."
"You never have to talk to us again, dummy."
Killing Franca Burrows.
You gonna give us what due us and every damn thing else on that boat.
Your brain'll begin to boil.
"Got so goddamn bored, I made some tea, I put in my video."
Suddenly the place reeks of desert rat.
I have this instinct to kill...
Of course— Zennor couldn't trust privates to do his dirty work!
"And all I did was make you look stupid on TV, just like you did to me every time I did a newscast, including yesterday."
"The minute I saw you, I said to myself ""Look at that pig, Angel Eyes."""
"But all I know is, right now, I can, and I want, to make the choice to not fuck other people, and you can't or won't, or don't even want to try."
Tell your shameless son to show some respect or I'll...
They can kill you.
Why don't you all tell Goli where to aim his piss.
"Now, Sue Ellen, just because you're a dirty politician, doesn't mean we all are."
"The Senate would burn upon itself, belching forth fire and vengeance."
"But anytime, day or night, anyone wants to fucking waver... or fucking change their minds... you just step right the fuck up and get your severance."
We should've just drugged him and jerked him off.
"Whatcha crying for? ´Cause... you are dead, Pinocchio."
"""Shit, movies are better than ever."
Peggy's a gag hag with Bob Saget.
Death is probably next.
Over here. I'll go deflate him.
About fucking time.
"So should Jingu manage to kill you without shame, Almecho would do nothing against him.'"
"I know I look like a fighter, but I'm a real pussycat."
"""In this game, he has killed all of us."""
"You gonna charge me, dickhead?"
You say something to make him mad and he'll strike you!
I'll administer a cocktail that will make him the equivalent of brain dead.
Bloody hell...
"End it with Mary, or I will end both of you."
My friends all sold me out. Someone in there called me a fag. Why?
Cos she fuckin' disappeared.
A man's dead in the company of a prostitute.
"What are you , Sigmund Sawed-off Fucking Freud?"
"Shit, Bozz, I'm too drunk."
That I was a...foolish woman.
"This female creature, the bait."
"You killed the wrong fucking guy, Pop."
"A freelance hacker could get a lot of shit done, years before the giant software factories bestir themselves to deal with the problem."
It's a drag watching porn on VHS.
Linda is gonna fucking fear you.
"Don't fucking move, Amy."
And we're going to use it to make everyone in this pathetic little world adore us.
Your girlfriend tried to burn me.
That's for damn sure.
"""What was fucking fun about waking up in a police station ""or in the back of a fucking police car?"""
You just saved us from a flotilla of hostile trash.
"Oh, God, I ruined your dick!"
"Hang onto your ass, gentlemen!"
"'Find the foreign scum who murdered that couple, or we'll take someone for them.'"
"He's like fucking JFK, he's smart, he's charismatic, he's good-looking, he's a tenacious athlete."
"Why don't you bugger off, Shagspot?"
You haven't got the guts to let him hate you.
Them pretty white nurses'll give you blow jobs if you pay 'em enough!
"Dr. Small-and-angry was a hot appetizer, but you, doc, are a smorgasbord of lust."
Now get up... and fuck off.
Look at it burn!
"That I killed - Why, are they crazy?"
They're horrible.
Everybody get your hands on your fucking heads.
"The only one he could recall with any clarity was the last: an enormous naked woman, at least five times his size, floating on her back in a pool, her belly from crotch to navel covered with thick hair."
"Cotton, don't you make a liar out of me."
You're making a big fucking mistake here!
"Anyone! I’ll call your bluff, you neutered perverts!” The green dragon, her eyes redly malevolent, dipped her shoulder to Meron."
If it didn't bash them to bits against this cliff face it would blow them up inland.
"I get why everyone's freaking out, but, I mean, you pulled some pretty serious shit not too long ago and everyone didn't try to turn on you and permanently medicate you."
The woman in it was so wasted that in the dim light she seemed nothing but bone and shadow.
I've been a bloody rock.
I've got medicine for this shit.
"Ask his damn name,” Barnes said."
I'm not gonna regret killing you.
"If I sneer, vacillate or object in any way, the women will kill me with their own hands."
"She was in a coma, damn it!"
This job really sucks sometimes.
"Stop that bullshit, and give me a towel."
You think I don't do that shit?
You grabbed Ms. Hartnett's breasts.
"Well, you tell that sumbitch, he think s he's gonna come over here and get my recipes... well, I got a double-barreled answer to his query right inside."
He really fucking did it!
Fuck me?
Get off of me.
"Assuming you're not vaporized, dissected... ...or otherwise killed in an assortment of supremely horrible and painful ways."
Remorse for the dead of your wife.
"'I'll punch you out just like regular,' Brad said."
Where the fuck is my daughter?
You only make things worse by coming here with your whore.
"When you see a man brought back from the dead, you forget shit."
White slavery!
"Put them under the window, I will put them in the garbage Wednesday."
"Well, I'd love to stick around... but I have to go to the station to pick up my cousin. He's an idiot."
So just get your shit and get out of here.
"And the Sweeneys of this world give us rifles, more important than a box of fucking groceries."
"Um, shit, I don't know."
"For an ironic moment he felt irritation: the damned computers weren't worth anything, they couldn't even hit a simple target..."
Why are you dressed like Kick-Ass?
How many sleeping pills will it take to kill me?
A massacre my daughter barely fucking escaped.
There's nothing you or your harpy mother can do.
"But right now I'm fuck buddies with the love of my best friend's life, who's a teenage vampire."
One hostage more or less - who gives a fuck?!
"Let me tell you what happens, Janet Jackson gets AIDS at the end and some crazy guy throws his kids out the window."
What the fuck...
"I have patients who've indicated feelings for me, only I'm not flying off to Rome to fuck them."
"So, I shoot the bastard Ruthven and I nick the map and then what?"
He lucky I no stab him in his heart.
Crazy bird.
We're the same age... ...and here you are defendinga miserable existence
"And to tell you the truth, I really didn't give a shit."
By Henry fucking Ford.
My grandma said I was a fool.
"Well, fucking God bless America."
"You plead him guilty today, I'll ask for life. Otherwise, he dies."
"An award can't be a substitute... all right, just go back to hitting on your patient."
"If you don't recognize that, you'll both drown in the flood."
My dick is bleeding. Maybe second.
"He put his hand behind my head, pulled me close... and then kind of dared me to hit him in the body."
Cut him a check and get him the hell out of here.
You're chicken. - Know what I think?
I ate a pizza slice off your back.
I feel silly being escorted everywhere like a little girl.
Frame him for a murder you're going to commit.
"All right, let me get this straight. You wanna burn it down and out ofthe pipes,... ..force it in here, slam the door, and trap its ass?"
"On your feet, slaves."
The devil is mine.
And I don't wanna work in a goddamn mill or farm.
I'm going to rock you Your ears are going to bleed gravy.
He had a gun in my mouth.
I'm too hungry to throw this shit away.
Or else he'll make us all kill ourselves.
The guy's a fucking rabbit's foot.
"Put your cock ring on, and we'll have a good night."
I can't believe people are buying this crap.
"We came to Hollywood, I fell in love. We stole a monkey, we got shot at... and I got punched in the motherfucking nuts... by a guy named Cock-knocker."
And I don't give a shit whether anybody ever cared for you or whether if you cared for anybody.
I want to knock everybody out.
On the morning of his wedding day... ...the wart hog goes down to the water hole for a bath... ...because he wants to look nice for his bride-to-be.
"Lord, you were a sullen, moody child."
"If it wasn't for me, your ass woulïve been nailed to the wall."
Fuck everybody.
"These two morons had no idea what they'd created, and even less of a clue as to how to operate a business."
"I saw it in the catalog next to the self-rotating wine rack in the expensive, useless shit section."
"He said next time I steal a car, I'm gonna find myself dead."
Don't ever touch me!
And no one fucks with my family.
I will capture you!
"If I clean up his crap, he's my dog."
You Japanese are so inscrutable.
You treat me like I'm some fucker asking for change.
Somebody want to get this fucking guy a dress?
Your boy shot his tail off.
"Happens every fucking day, but people go,"
Nora burned to death for a trifle.
Those sons of bitches who kill us and erase our past?
It's so stupid 'cause I wanted to.
They all die.
"You try and remove it, she will stroke out. Stop being a jackass. Wow."
"We catch it even when we don't catch the fungus, and while you might think a little mind-reading could be fun, the sort of thing that would make you the life of the party, I can tell you what lies a little farther down that road: schizophrenia, paranoia, separation from reality, and total I say again TOTAL FUCKING INSANITY."
You must have been brainwashed.
You fill it up with tears and you're a goner.
I fucked up last time!
It's gone. Not fucking here.
"You hate your father,and yourself."
That crook Sallis started it.
"Guess what? Today, Steve McQueen is my little bitch."
Surely there must be a more efficient way to kill.
That maybe you'll never do anything foolish?
And then some crap about the moon and the stars.
"People come and see the gigs... ...they say, ""Fuck, that was a great set, Frankie."""
What a bugger of a day.
"He's only 11 , for fuck's sake! He's a kid."
"Liar, you just don't want to be left on your own, scaredypants, scaredypants!"
"For a smart guy, your coming back here was a real dumb move."
"The boy is a Yankee soldier, the woman is a spy."
"If it comes off, we're all dead."
It's my last chance to get fucked out of my mind.
"Well, it's been pretty slow, but thankfully, the house is paid off, my pension is funded, and I've given up prostitutes."
Take his ass down.
"Cecil, what do you think about niggers going to school with white children?"
Everybody hates lawyers.
I think about hitting him.
And that awful picture of that evil man...
"I'm tryin' to tell you, I didn't have a goddamn thing to do with this!"
Krieger Shut up.
"""Suck an elf,"" Ty says disconsolately - he has picked up this harmless vulgarity from Sci-Fi Channel reruns of a miniseries called The 10th Kingdom - and dismounts his bike."
"What the fuck, James?"
"Well... ...if you need anything, you're shit out of luck."
You are that nervous? Shut up.
"And the Panthers, Neal, they don't stop looking for rats until they're dead."
"Damn, I can't hear a word they're saying."
Only if I don't smash him in the face.
"He was on ""helping kids"" crap in South America and Africa."
A kid! ...a kid to turn you into a screaming harpy.
Imagine the poor sucker waiting for that phone call.
"ln the wrong place, they'll eat you alive."
We could put him in a closet. Sure.
Take off that goddamn mask and put down that gun.
Bury his face and forget about the troubles of-
You're a disgrace.
He says that you've killed women.
Looks like garbage.
"You're a good cop with great potential, but you don't know every fucking thing."
"It's my mission, for six months-- Shut it!"
What the hell's going on over here?
"He’s sitting right where you are now, kid, and he says to me, it’s blank and it’s the voice of God, and I live forever in His white hum, or some shit like that."
Kid had to be killed.
What the hell?!
You're a lone jellyfish in a weird-ass pond.
Look at this creep.
Gimme! Fuck it!
They are good as dead
Do you want me to hit you?
"You slow down, goat boy."
"Damn it, you're looking sideways at us since ol' Min."
Doesn't really matter if you crap out now or later.
"Alright, killer. I hate to break the news to you, but I need to take off."
"You still trying to appeal your death sentence, black boy?"
Where'd a white girl learn how to dance like that?
You gonna cooperate right quick or so help me I'm gonna stomp you till you can't stand.
I wanna see what your insides look like.
"""He flew down from above them and executed a terrible slaughter among the sinners."""
"Do you hear me, pigs?"
"When my dog died, that lil' nigga held me down!"
You're gay?
Time don't mean shit.
Put my wife back on the goddamn phone.
He cut him up pretty bad and left him for the rats.
"John, get your tail out of here."
Don't you think it's pathetic that because of your father you get to do school again?
You know you boys owe me a lot of money for that beer you drank! - Goddam it!
"Uh,I'm going to go to the bathroom now, but,uh,when I come back we'il go to my place and have sex."
Let me shoot.
You think it's superstitious rubbish that took your boy?
"Oh, Chance, it's silly."
"If I had told Mommy she looked like a cow, it would have hurt her feelings."
He's just dead drunk.
And watch X-rated movies... ...until you get your assback into my loving arms.
That was a most efficient way of killing off pilots whose training went for a million dollars a pop.
I say we shouldn't be culturally ignorant... and underestimate the intelligence of the natives.
"I just... I wanted to smack him so bad, but I opted for the freezing cold shoulder instead."
Get outta my goddamn car.
I'm just gonna give it a little bit of... Holy kill.
Who the hell are you?!
"You're talking about-- bitching about that sale you shot, some son of a bitch don't want to buy land, somebody don't want what you're selling, some broad you're trying to screw, so forth."
She was a liar and a sneak.
And don't be damn fool enough not to call me... ...because it'll just take a little bit longer and then they'll get him.
"He deserves a fucking medal, Captain."
Get the fuck outta here!
I'm not fucking him!
"No, I want you to set a fire so goddam big, the gods'll notice us again."
Knock on a girl's door. Like that girl from the bathroom that you're so hot for.
"""The fact is,"" resumed Thomas Flanagan, ""Mr. Fogg's project was absurdly foolish."
What the hell are you doing?
"By the way, it's awfully kind of Pa to finance me here, in spite of my idiocy."
He stammers and he's lame.
You and your gags!
Common sense tells them that it's dangerous and stupid.
Punch her in the seat.
"Mr. Tubman, toss these three miscreants into the hole."
This is really filth!
"Well, the difference is that the money doesn't mean a goddamn thing."
I want you to kiss me first.
Have you ever read such nonsense?
Who'd want to fight a monster like him again?
"Marrying suckers for their money, maybe?"
Finally this whole shit-show is starting to make sense.
power rangers mistic forse enrique iglesias sexy girls basshunter jonas brothers sex scenes hanah montana linkin park 2girls1cup orgasm pamela anderson sex video wwe xxx bb8 big brother amnesia ibiza hentai kama sutra nude akon
Get on the fucking ground and put your hands on your head.
"You fucked him up pretty bad, babe."
"Bloody hell, who's this?"
"You look like shit, Frank."
"I'm gonna shoot you straight, Cole."
"Nice fucking try, Nancy Drew."
"Where is it, damn it?"
Damn. - We can't afford to wait.
We got a bus full of cop killers here.
I can drink your ass under the table.
"""And hopefully there will be thousands there when we land—only burnt aliens."""
"You're just infected-- a virus, a sexually transmitted disease."
"""Teach those victims how to kick the bully's ass and they live forever."""
"No, I'll take the bus Fuck him!"
I'll shit my pants.
The wolf went down with a bullet in its brain from me.
"Went over, like, ""Do you want a fucking picture?"
Hit her!
"Robin has been arrested... for a terrible crime! Girl, are you crazy?"
Poor bastard couldn't even buy a birthday cake in peace.
"Mr. Murderface, we have the ability to take you -- a beast damned by the gods, a grotesque abomination doomed to spend his life as a wandering monstrosity-- and transform you into a breathtaking Adonis, chiseled in marble from a church in heaven."
"Damn good to see you, Dutch."
"Come on, nobody has time for sex."
"Sick mix tape you made, Robbie."
I just want my goddamn money.
"``You're the worst driver on the planet,'' he said, laughing."
Christian Mason is gonna die anyway.
She must be some crazy high-end lawyer.
Dr. Sports Fan can put it in Luciteand hang it around his neck.
I could look into your eyes and tell you how crazy about you I am.
A little infidel brat stole it!
He looked at me like I was an idiot. It's completely unacceptable to show your son confidential material!
I hope he doesn't kill somebody.
Today he's no more a Death Eater than l.
I did what I had to do because nobody else seems to give a shit!
"""-but you persist in having a brain."
"Carol used to be a little crazy, man."
The simple truth was that she didn't give a shit where he - it - was.
This little piggy stayed home.
You fucking serious?
"Now the whores walked bowlegged, dreamy-eyed, parading their new finery in the early hours of the morning while most mercenaries slept; the taverns changed shifts but feared to close their doors, lest a mercenary find that an excuse to take offence."
"They rent out rooms to old people, kill 'em, bury 'em in the yard, cash their Social Security checks."
Fuckin' forget about it.
Alan fucking Rubin.
He rewrote the whole fucking script.
"Those who want to stack dog food, knock yourselves out."
"Yo, get the fuck off me!"
Piss your pants?
He killed it.
"Of all the goddamn men in this whole world, why do I have to love this one?"
"It's ok, Rambo, now you've been a nice little pig."
Let's catch the bastard before that happens.
You're oneof the 22 million black people... ...who are victims ofAmerica.
You're the least supportive pretend girlfriend I've ever had.
Poor bastard.
We're prepared to detonate ourselves and our captives.
She is such a bore.
"What you might call a Mexican screw off, gentlemen ."
Why in the hell didn't you go?
"""My blood heats,"" said Dick."
You're acting like you're the one who has to go through this and get huge and shove a baby out of your vag for someone else.
That's your third energy drink. You still look like shit.
I hate you.
What about Shit Sandwich?
"Well, you're still fucked, Thomas."
"He's the type of kid you was talking about Buying that crap on the internet, you know?"
He held his knife to Twoflower's throat.
"Homie, you're really starting to piss me off, man."
I'm in trouble... ... and a bitch would be sent from the sky to help me?
"In other words, fuck, it was getting late and I was hungry."
It's fucking Rosemary's baby.
I tied her up and gagged her.
Wait a minute. The hostages are crawling around in the fucking ceiling now.
You mean: to kill me?
"Shit, he's back!"
Here and now begins the time of the witches.
Don't give me shit.
"Hot, steamy, sweaty sex. Every part of my body tingled, orgasm after orgasm--"
"I shit you not, as they say in the States."
His eyes were haggard and his face was that of a skeleton.
I am supposed to be ready to die for him.
"Aw, sugar butt."
I thought her head would explode.
Crap! Don't look her in the eye.
I understand you threatened to punch his nose.
"And I know some people might think it's fucked up, or terrible, or whatever?"
Did I know when I first met him how nuts he was?
I should kiss you.
I’m sure there's crap where we're going!
You son of a-- - Ah!
I was just a petty thief stealing scrap metal.
Why the hell would I want to do that?
"I'm not telling you, man. Even the Cookie monster knows when it's time for schtum, otherwise the shit's gonna dismantle the fan."
You said you had sex with her.
"That, gentlemen, is the whirlingest dervish of them all."
I'll only fuck it up.
Yeah. Especially fat chicks.
Frigging psycho.
"I'm sorry, Captain. It's stupid."
Mind your own goddamn business.
"Damn, you scared me."
You should die.
"You want some disgusting, mortal sin activity, you stay here."
It just sounds so dirty.
I've been a wimp all my life.
I'll stake him.
That truck is cursed.
"We've got our heel on the scum now, and we're keeping it there!"
I raised a wuss.
"Gross, Dad, sick!"
He does not fuck. Why does he remain?
"""Oh, shit"", like a car alarm, in the middle of the night."
I don't know how the new one will be... ...but'll never be worse than that freak there with his tape recorder.
You can tell the whites I am going.
I struck you at the base of your skull and attempted to contact the collective.
I don't know what the fuck to do.
Shit. I forgot.
What do you think of my pink bits?
She too was being blackmailed by this odious man who lies dead.
"Well, fuck me."
"One you're born with, one the fucking world gives you."
Sell it to a scalper like the Sheriff does.
"She staged her penthouse to look like she was assaulted, Making the world believe that I was a monster Who burned the queen alive."
It's a very respectable whorehouse-- only for diplomats and managing editors and famous actors.
"Hey, I know you're only, like, ten and shit, but listen up."
I want my arms and him dead.
I'm working with fucking children.
Men fight for me because if they do not I throw them off my land and I starve their wives and their children.
That looks crap.
"You're irrational, and you don't listen, Ariel."
But we needto know who's gonna... ...fucking fly the plane.
She's a prima bitcherina who buys her popularity.
So...say this partner thought tiffanyknew something about the semen-rustling and he ran her over to keep her quiet.
"People said I was dumb, but I proved them."
Metallic buffoons.
I am virgin for ever... ... for ever I abandon in the delight of love. ... so that you cannot get falsehood on me of your revenge... ... because you wish to kill me for the death of your son.
The fat woman took Ginger’s unresisting hand and patted it.
I'll shoot!
They shoot me!
"Second of all, and this is dumb and so stupid. I feel funny even mentioning it, - but your TV is just a skosh loud..."
I don't want to risk bumping into that weirdo in his nudieness.
Are you frickin' kidding me?
"We hit the city, you burn the car."
"His wife, even more boring."
I don't give a bag of butts who won the election.
I understood that you had sex with three guys and that's all you said !
"Grab your jacket, let's get the fuck out of here."
"Would you like to continue to live your lives in quiet desperation, living off the stale crumbs from this tyrant's table, or have a fabulous queen who's going to put on hit show after hit show and make this town a bundle off busloads of out-of-town suckers."
He just had this silly little thing he liked to do and I helped him do it.
"She was still talking, and he could feel her sitting him back into the scat, but it was all distant."
I never thought you'd kiss me if you knew who I was. Are you crazy?
Why don't you get the hell out?
"You can take her to Zagreb, to Switzerland, to fucking hell!"
Killing mrs. Dimarco was hard.
Parents are Culpable
So what the hell am I supposed to do with him?
"Liberty, fraternity, stupidity."
"When he hits that bend, rain hell down on him."
Your stupidity was trivial.
"If you don't get your fucking thumb down, I'm gonna run this pitchfork through it."
Don't you fuck with me.
"'And you will do this alone?' enquired the fat man, with a wide grin."
That lesbian reporter's roaming the hallowed halls of Roxbury.
It's going to be a massacre.
"When we find Red John, I'm gonna be there... ...to stop you from doing anything foolish."
Let's scare the hell out of those little punks.
"Focusing on my sex life is bad for the nation, it's bad for the White House and it's bad for you."
You go get rid of those bodies.
"Crazy, what you do to your body."
His name is Robert Hawkins... and he has a nuclear bomb.
You will return Helen... to me... or the com bined arm ies of the Aegean will sack your city... and raze it to the ground!
"'Yes, a nasty, creepy, horrible skeleton,' said Teatime."
You cannot call Bobby Womack weird shit?
I was raised with the conviction I was good enough to piss on the whole world.
Hell is where we make it.”
Down with the bloody Red Queen!
They're gonna put a tube with a camera down his throat.
"Someone's gonna show your naked body to an entire school, At least they'd picked a hot photo."
I told you to back the fuck off!
You know what sucks?
What a fucking tragedy breaking this up for parts.
"So you're gonna be nice to me, and you're gonna like it, or I will burn this thing down."
They say all the students you were in charge of get screwed.
until she dies!
You never had sex with him?
"For Nicky, Las Vegas was the fucking Wild West."
"Captain, in nearly 40 years of being in this army, I have learned to control my temper and my voice when in the presence of a subordinate officer who, for at least the time being, seems to have lost her goddamn mind."
We'll see if them cappers choose you to look at or Tolliver's fucking money!
"There's a good-sized shantytown of hardcore Third World unemployables, plus a scattering of schizophrenic first worlders who have long ago burned their brains to ash in the radiant heat of their own imaginings."
"No, no, damn it!"
"And I knew what they were thinking, just like I knew guys at school thought about me when they jerked off."
"""Look, it's Omar fucking Sharif. It is!"""
"Uh... you gonna have to treat me, 'cause I can't afford that shit no more."
Thorby shut up.
"I don't care what your problem is, stay the hell away from my garbage."
"The second disaster was the inept, un- or undertrained Tahn weaponeers."
Where the hell is this guy?
What the heck?
"Don't pretend to pray, witch."
I want you to go out there.. And I want you to ram Steve Madden's stock down to your clients throats.. Till they fucking chokes on it.
And just because you're freakin' royal doesn't mean you don't have to tip.
What the hell's the matter with your boy?
Goddamn.
The work of a sadist.
"""You take care of that other motherlackey and I'll rip the clothes off this Seldon."
Who stayed in labor without painkillers... ...so you wouldn't turn dim-witted like your cousin Jimmy?
"Deborah, I don't know what the hell you're talking about."
"Crap he took out on his family. And Cassy sent me an e-mail, said she was scared of him again."
I feel so useless.
Ass Turd will be there till she comes to rescue him.
But before I get my lips injected with ass fat so that we can really talk.
"You know he's illiterate, don't you?"
I hate getting stabbed in the back.
That's it. ...just throw her on the bed...
"Oh, forget those jerks. Let's go back to the hotel and get Snicker-faced."
"“Get the army, the marines, the lousy CIA!"
"I'm gonna send this message back, and I need that fucking code."
"You lace that thing on, try to fuck me out of a job - out of money for me and my wife."
It's got a really fat guy and a really skinny guy.
I sent myself this junk instead of the money.
Cut me with her ring.
And you have never had the stomach to do what it takes to make a fucking name in this world!
"Well, it’s a lunatic scheme."
That town just seems to be a hotbed of hatred and lies.
"He summed it up, basically, ""It doesn't matter what the fuck,"
"Miss Dart, word of advice, change your personality, or start looking for companies run by insane people."
"Although the chief preserved a dignified mien, his braves were disposed to be gay."
We'll destroy this bridge
I think it's disgusting standing there where THEY can see you.
I said you are men of violence.
"All my life, I've been the screw-up, but not Dan."
I would like... ...to smash them. And pick them all up... ...and throw... Ow!
"Hanging around the set all day, doing that boring lighting and shit."
"You're a freak of nature. I know, I know!"
"He kissed his wife goodbye, and told Eddie to kick ass—the senior Foley had been a Rangers fan before he learned to read."
"Which grape goes best with group sex, do you think?"
"I mean, what was she gonna say? “Thanks for the lousy sex?”"
My husband's an exhibitionist... ...and made it his mission to have sex with me... ...at every landmark in school.
This party reeks of my father.
Here you are with my mother in the stomach.
is keep your mouth shut.
What the hell?
"""It stinks of cordite."
"""There is no Infection. It's just people killing people. "" He's insane!"
This is silly.
Don't make fun of the fanny pack.
What the hell is going on?
I'm so fucked up.
You fucking hit me with your hand!
"If this smell doesn't make you think twice before having sex, nothing will."
"No offense, but if my neighbors saw you coming in here dressed like that, they might think you're a whore-ably attractive young lady."
"Useless, it's Seynaeve's cell phone."
I have a feeling that the woman whose brain you ate never had a healthy relationship in her life.
I couldn't do a damn thing about it.
Let me get the damn-ass keys.
And I took the Time Vortex and poured it into his head and turned him into dust.
"No one will hire me unless Pam files a new HR report, but she won't do that because she's holier than God with her female empowerment crap."
"We don't have time for bullshit, Scotty."
"Metropolis, Krull will eat your children."
It's really stupid of me not to tell. I should have told you.
Damned ltto Ogami.
The Archbishop was burned at the stake.
Fuck it. I don't care.
Shit! He couldn't call a day ahead?
"If I would have killed that man, I would have told the police."
Is there more than one crazy girl in our village?
But if you lived up there... then all this stuff... all this stuff in my room... would fall down on you and crush you... and you'd die.
"""Admiral, you're a damn good poker player, but remember how I make my living."
I was never at the White House for that damned reception!”
"Okay, fine, just suck it."
I just wish we didn't have to wear all this crap.
"Fuck off, man!"
"“I’m sure on Amazon’s site, half the rave reviews of Ahriman’s idiotic book were written by Ahriman himself,” Lampton said."
But don't you worry about silly ol' me.
How miserable this shop looks.
This shit is not helping me.
"We’re parked on goddamn Main Street, shut up in here without a single window to look out of, he could be anywhere-up front behind the fucking wheel, for all we know!"
The hell you do with them?
"What I do know, That you're movin' that black forest shit."
She'll only get some wretched chambermaid into trouble.
"You're surprised he's black, huh ?"
"So I had to go to Louie which is the last fuckin' thing I wanted to do, you know?"
Then you get the fuck outta my house.
"Like, a little Volvo on my left boob or... or a meatball."
I was the only thing in his whole life that wasn't dirty and nasty... ...and hitting him in the facewith a glove.
"Sit the fuck down. Stop, come here."
"But we must stop here, for I could already call our Dwarf a Coffer of Nature, Puppet of a Youth, Crumb of a Man."
"Who were you fucking last week, Lev?"
"Tell me, Mr. Gardiner... have you ever had sex with a man?"
She had only her brain and her tiny soft hands.
"Stop it, get off my back!"
I'm definitely not thinking about all that shit.
"And as for the sock, well, I hung it up after I stepped in raccoon crap."
"No! It is Clang, the High Priest, who is filthy in his ways."
And how about you arrest his ass and get him out of my store?
I just saw the greatest fucking movie of my life.
You really think I left Senegal in the wheel well of a cargo jet to serve you losers crappy food?
You should be ashamed of yourself to insult our misery!
"Holy crap, look at him."
I don't need a lecture on writing from a 20-year-old twit.
I can't go toe-to-toe with a jock like you.
God damn it!
No mercy for cowards.
"But even if you bought him a really nice watch, one that he thought was nice-- He doesn't know what the fuck a good watch is."
"Oh heaven, Sybil thought, shrinking, the fat mama from the row before her, with that intolerable oily look of a good woman doing her moral duty."
"He would nail them cold the next time he got a whack at them, and they'd be sorry for making him chase them, for not just lying down and being dead when he wanted them to be dead."
Your legs might be a little rubbery.
What the hell are you holding back for?
There were those chaps who shot old Guterman.
"You're supposed to be dead, remember?"
What the fuck? The cops are here!
"Rich, famous, handsome,ass like cement."
"I think, yeah... yeah I'm trippin' balls!"
"Treachery, treachery I fear; treachery of that miserable creature."
"He loved green turtles and hawk-bills with their elegance and speed and their great value and he had a friendly contempt for the huge, stupid loggerheads, yellow in their armour-plating, strange in their love-making, and happily eating the Portuguese men-of-war with their eyes shut."
Let her live a long life of bitter misery and shame.
"You haven't got anything in black, have you?"
Why the fuck would you tell that cop about the watch?
Ain't nothing I hate worse than a draft-dodging hippie protester.
"""This isn't just about abortion, They're taking the unborn from all kinds of mothers, not just the junkies and the whores-eight days, eight weeks, eight months, it's all the same to the Centurions."
Troll master.
Two pigs is a violent assault on the very sanctity... of private property itself.
I lost three sons in the war and did not get even one fucking day off!
"No need to embarrass me like that, asshole"
"God,would I love to have her ruin my life."
"I intercepted your shit-heel boss's message back to you, through the miracle of telegraph and it answers that very question."
"Damn, G, I didn't know you was uncircumcised."
Calling out for your mother is useless!
"Hey, lay off the sneakers, goat."
We'il hit them first.
"Away with you, dog."
He did it with one bullet!
"But I will triumph, even if I have to execute every last one of them!"
We got to fucking go.
"What the fuck is it, today?"
basshunter pamela anderson sex video hanah montana jonas brothers orgasm 2girls1cup akon bb8 big brother power rangers mistic forse amnesia ibiza kama sutra nude linkin park wwe sexy girls xxx sex scenes enrique iglesias hentai
And I broke her heart so many fucking times.
"Shit, Clayton, run!"
Damn! Y'all cut Big Momma up into little pieces.
You put your sons' semen on your face?
A male that likes fish dicks.
You think I'm a total nut job.
"Those two are gonna get themselves in trouble, end up in jail... ...and I'm gonna have to shake my ass to get them out."
Why don't we save them the bother and blow our own brains out?
"If it was that fool, Bernt, she would give him the sharp side of her tongue."
"You're not stupid, so what are you?"
"I gotta say, though, it's probably cheaper just to let me rob the damn thing."
"Well, goddamn it, let's get the hell out of here and go celebrate."
I'm an idiot.
"Gatsby, he was who he was, and he did what he did... and 'cause he wasn't ready to get real with the story... that shit caught up to him."
As a negro and as a woman.
You probably wouldn't want to have sex with them.
"Actually, stop giving a shit what anyone thinks."
"One cut, one kill."
"Oh, shut up."
"It's your fucking break, mate!"
"Yes, but Wayne was just busting balls, you know?"
You were shooting at the fucking' ceiling.
"Hell, even the President gets on TV and tells corporations and the rich to suck eggs."
"He fired into it, and the bullet struck its upper chest, but the wound hardly slowed it."
"If I were you, I'd throw them all out, myself included."
"It's your leech, you take it off."
"Shut up, sit down... and don't fuckin' touch anything!"
The truck's fucking waist-high.
Do you wanna leave this beautiful girl with that white trash freak show?
"And then he'd come home, He'd feel like shit for four or five days, Remember why he quit to begin with,"
Marcus ran the DNA on the butts.
"Jews were supposedly rootless, clannish, and omnipotent, with no loyalty to any nation."
You're making me do the whole fucking thing.
How the fuck do you know that they liked me?!
"But for some reason, I wanna shoot it."
"We don't fucking believe you, Yusuf!"
Shut that dog up.
I was an ass last night.
"She didn't know if she had meant to let him go what was eu­phemistically known as 'all the way' or not, but after things had reached a certain point, nothing had gone as she had hoped . . . all because she had to open her big fat mouth."
There's gotta be a butt around somewhere.
"Jerry Rice, Andre Reed, Chris Carter. I smoked all these fools!"
"Why don't you watch your mouth, smart-ass?"
"You break Letty's heart, I'm coming for your mom. Fuck!"
At least he was not such a dedicated Christian that he would set himself to the task of wiping out other religions.
"Flames are licking you like the Devil, Josh."
"Get lost, asshole."
I was raped once.
"Yo, this place is the shit when you got cash, right?"
"Damn good riding with you, Chavez."
One shot to the heart.
"Goddamn it, Epps!"
I taught her everything. She'll annihilate us.
"You should see Sloper and Kirke, they're pathetic, even worse than I am.'"
"Every time she saw it, so fat and yet so ignominious, slunk into its corner in the dark, with its ends flopping like dejected ears from the knots, she laughed again."
"Goddamn it, it is not my fault."
Then he will die.
Down the fucking stairs!
"No, I can't say I've ever seen a Rocket Sucker with balls."
"You'll rember that I am a childish, lazy, unreliable, unpredictable, unambitious frat guy who let you down before."
"I need to know where you got it, because if I push my way through certain rooms and this intel is bogus, it's my ass on the line."
"But you are young and beautiful, and I have looked at black sluts until I am sick at the guts."
Get out of the fuckhg way.
"""We can't, because it's illegal, and we don't, because then we'd lose a way to track the bastards and their money."
Fuck. I just bit... It's just a...
"Well, you won't be abl e to live here unless we stop that ruffian."
"I'm not here shoveling shit, but, dad, I'm doing my share."
You have gotta be shitting me.
"Come to think of it, you could always hold a gun on me."
"All's I know, he ride a loud-ass motorcycle."
The winner... is the one who doesn't blow his brains out.
They could whack me in here as easy as outside.
"He came in about dusk—him and that hag in black satin."""
Especially from this street rat.
"Shit, how could I do that?"
I'll cut down Kinzie.
Who the heck do you think you are?
The man is too fucking good.
"They watched it, waiting for him to shoot."
I hate that shit.
Get the hell out of here.
And what was that crap about his uncle with the-- with the prison connections?
Show the world who is a God. And who is a demon. Shoot
"If you'd seen this girl, homes, you wouldn't think it was so stupid, ese. Wow."
"Lefty, your best friend, Dickie, with one fucking hand."
With that hair ... you look like a ragamuffin.
You shut your mouth.
You gonna shoot me'?
"I've been having a fuck of a time lately, Kiffany..."
"If I didn't blast her with two antibiotics, steroids, round-the-clock albuterol, she'd be dead."
Do you want me to hit you again?
"What you do deserve is a better bodyguard than I've been, and that's for damned sure."
I'm afraid Ugo's a trifle sick.
I was just trying to steal medicine from a cripple.
"I'd rather walk than drive in this sterile, suburban, piece of shit car with my best friend being shitty and judgmental to me 'cause I had sex with a guy at a wedding."
"He'll die if we lash him again, my lord."
"You left me, 'cause I fuckin' found you out."
"That their tricks during tea was a result... of their motherless condition, that they need a woman's presence to calm them, and that you could benefit from that presence, pathetic and lonely as you are."
You're gonna have to hit us now.
Hedidn't kill his wife.
But I imagine I'd probably just jerk them off.
"Nothing would make me happier than to be your wingman, but Sheila would bag and trade my testes like..."
"Stirring up this hornet's nest won't be good for anyone, and it'll mean killing."
"Get your shit together, Lem!"
God forbid. You're gonna put your father in an early grave!
I just can't get into a relationship with you... without throwing my whole fucking world into upheaval.
They would torture his ass a lot worse than we would.
What would it matter to you or anyone if you just stopped feeding... and died!
"Sure, just cut 'em up like regular chickens."
WALRUS : The cameras they had taped and the mouse was afraid that his ass would get laid.
"If you were a witch, you could do a spell to escape."
I couldn't stay in that fucking truck any more.
Then I'll cut him down to size.
Bite my finger and you'll take away centuries of experience and wisdom.
"'Local scoundrel, truth to tell."
"They're all quite childish and absurd, but horribly venomous."""
Don't you know you can't talk shit like - that around me?
"So you decided everybody else had to be dead, too."
‘And you said you like rats.’
Shit a bit of data out of that bunged-up brainbox?
A soldier who neglects an open wine cellar is sick.
It responded by throwing you into the damn jungle.
"This place will stink of death tomorrow, and there is absolutely nothing... ... I can do about it."
"Your Waziri are either exterminated, or have been driven out of their country, far to the south."
His mother sucks what?
"Precious, if you don't get this goddamn plate..."
Do you know what a Black Mass is?
And there's the devil herself.
I'm one klick to your rear and closing fast.
"It just says, ""Nigger, don't let the sun go down on you in this county."""
"How about we erase your file and then bang you're just another soldier for Costello, open to arrest for I don't know how many felonies, huh?"
What kind of negative shit?
"Why? There was a pink female pig on their sign, wearing a white apron and dancing on the grill."
"I'd got Tony with me, and like a fool, I just bought a new shade for the lamp in the drawing room."
Speak softly and carry a big-ass sword cane.
I got a hunch where those passengers are and who that maniac is.
Bite it!
That shit wasn't luck.
"""You will speak to me only in response to questions or when I command it, wretch!"" Great Honored Matre shouted."
"Wait, shut your mouth."
"No, but it doesn't make sense... he'd shoot him, then bring him to the hospital."
I get it. Maybe that's what elliot's doing.
If it achieves it he/she will die half of New York.
"There was a certain effeminacy about Boaz - in the nature of a cunning bully's chucking a sissy under the chin, talking baby-talk to him."
Why the hell do surfers attach their board to their legs if it's just going to hit them in the face when they wipe out?
My marriages sucks. I only had two things that worked for me.
I knew we should have gotten bloody dogs.
"Shit, what've you done to your face?"
"Liz Garfield gave Ted a brilliant, almost unspeakable smile — Good try, you bastard — and took the receiver off the cradle."
"I know. We've all done horrible shit, haven't we?"
You know goddamn well I can't give that order.
You think a vampire wouldn't rip you to pieces in a heartbeat?
"Oceans had mermaids, all that shit, and we had a sea of silicon, see?"
Don't talk so daft.
That's because I blew itout of the goddamn airlock.
"I didn't come here for your shit, Siobhan!"
Her long legs you down his neck.
I'm liable to sleep with him myself.
"Yes, Lydia, you are in a bubble, but once the pebble collector dumps you like they all do, you'll go right back to being the ice cream-binging, wine-swilling, neurotic mess you really are. Pop!"
You didn't give a fuck if I got killed by Mungin. Now all of a sudden you're worried Sanchez is gonna hurt me?
You were saying somebody's going to kill him?
People who shoot me forfeit the right...
He's mean and wild and crazy.
Someone's on the roof. - Shoot him!
"It's just if they find that shit, they're gonna put me away."
You didn't learn a goddamn thing.
I'm not the fucking retard who lost a whole supply truck.
"Palmer, with all due respect, what the fuck are you talking about?"
"We're all depending on ya, you little fart-knocker."
And what the fuck do you know about Vince's warm and funny side?
But back in the all-or-nothing days the Vanishing Point days the Dirty Mary Crazy Larry days the White Line Fever days-- real cars smashing into real cars with real dumb people driving them.
"After that one show, though, Speyer couldn’t get past the fact that the women were simply Russian prostitutes whose fall from grace had taken place long before."
That... Is none of your damn business.
None of your goddamn business!
I'm a goddamn force of nature.
What the hell's going on here?
"And not my dad, a big foreign uncle with big hands, which are bigger than your fffffface!"
Then he turned him over and skinned the other side and cut each side off from the head down to the tail.
Why are you bringing me all this garbage?
"Why don't you drink a cup or so, then stumble into your little girls' room so they can watch you writhe to death as it eats through your organs?"
'Well?' the clown demanded.
Serious shit. Those bullets came from the gun of a suspect we arrested yesterday.
"That's fucking interesting, man."
"Now, if you're coming after my Deputy because he dared disobey your godlike order that he stay away from your Detroit thug..."
And that's why Alpha wanted them dead.
You don't think he would have made me watch while they killed you?!
Bullshit. Where are you going?
Don't be silly.
"He's just a horrible, horrible animal."
He black.
Was that a stinkin' lie?
What's this shit your little crew buddy Mark's been talking about?
You know I've got my shit... together.
"I told you,I didn't give the kid the fucking piece!"
"Well, Mr. Charles, I love the Lord, the Lord loves me. But I ain't no hypocrite."
You want one of those goddamn TV trucks to fall through the ice?
Blind men have committed suicide before.
No. My alibi is I was sick as a dog.
"Of course, silly."
Harris' last victim reported waking up during her rape.
You'il be rid of me.
Let's get this fucking thing over with.
"Password, Kruger Goddamnit!"
"You know, I like to kill up close."
He killed Priest! He damn near killed me!
Teddy Roosevelt killed them.
When did you first have sexual intercourse?
"""Full of stuck-up assholes who think they're better than the rest of the country."""
"Thanks for the bail, bitch."
"""The Aschen could save our asses. """
Oswald was a fag.
"I don't know if he's blowing sunshine up our ass trying to get money out of us, or..."
"You don't believe all that nonsense, do you?"
How freakin' hard is it to carry a box without pretending you're an African lady ?!
"He was dismayed to feel a nasty sense of relief lurking just below his disappointment: if the helicopter had landed, he never would've gotten to the beer, and he had come all this way, all this damn way."
"Shut up - I need air, fresh air"
We need more Death to rid us of this carnal sin!
I also know how cute you look when you're angry. I hate you.
If we did some gay shit?
"Hey, you son of a bitch!"
Holy shit.
"Naw, I shot it."
"Oh, he didn't invent shit."
Those jerks caught me cheating.
Get the fuck out of there!
It is beyond saving and must be allowed to die.
Why the hell would I lie?
Why you didn't have sex with us.
"I feel so stupid saying ""Blorph."""
"Mom has to have some peace for a while, or we're liable to kill her."
They look so good you kind of want to lick them.
"All sorts of disgusting positions... I would imagine, Crackers."
And it looks like you still don't know when to shut your frakkin' mouth and follow orders.
You said we'd only be fighting on the same side until the Master's dead.
I know I fucked up.
I'm like a fucking nut.
"Angela, your sister's out of her fucking mind."
Your staff is incompetent and unreliable.
"And if Bertinelli retaliates against the Triad, or is perceived to... ...the Triad is gonna rain down hell and innocent people are gonna be killed."
Leave me the fuck alone!
"Charlie, shut up."
"Yeah, well, if you're gonna throw away most of your adult life on some dumb sitcom, you might as well get a sweet house out of the deal, right?"
Let it burn! Get out of Wittenberg before I beat you out!
Get him away from my fucking babies!
What the hell's he up to?
"If you feel that sexual intercourse is the most important thing on earth at this point in time, your risk of coming up with a limp penis increases ten or a hundredfold."
"Yeah, that was a stupid suggestion."
"""Excuse me if this sounds like a stupid question,"" said Kate, ""but I'm a little at sea here."
I'm not enabling your sick habit.
"If they put him on trial that means the piece of crap gets a lawyer, and that means I get to spend a week in some conference room getting deposed by a bunch of socialists who do pro bono work for fucking Amnesty International.”"
"A diamond ring, silly."
That squirrel is obviously nuts.
"Pauline, I'm sorry. - Fuck off!"
You kind of suck at being a superhero. Yeah.
Ollie wondered what the fuck that had to do with the question.
"Pissy with you, happy with her husband."
"Knock, knock, faggot."
"Just before they left, he told a joke about a man who had three testicles."
You know that guys like me put this shit country in Europe?
Piss off. You're just jealous cos you got relegated.
"You happy now, bitch?"
Excuse me for giving a damn.
"Wait, I thought all you did was kill innocent people."
"Well, the stars don't tell future, Donkey."
Then you realize you ain't shit without her.
The dagger must be dipped into the ash and then plunged into their heart.
You are trying to protect the scum of the earth.
"You put a piece of ice in your mouth, then you suck on the head of his cock with your tongue and the ice."
Does this look like a group of losers?
Your mother went from solid to vapor.
Did you do that to that rat?
"You want a stripper so badly, you can do it yourself."
"An imminent attack, and we can't question the terrorist who's planning it because we're in the wrong fucking country?"
That sounds like a fucking great idea!
I'll show you fuckers.
I know it seems like crap.
"Fuck, yeah! What are you?"
How the hell do you think he broke both damn ankles?
"""YOU CHEATING SCUM!"" Lee Jordan was howling into the megaphone, dancing out of Professor McGonagall's reach."
"Man, that shit ain't right, man, you should've told us."
"No, Massimo, I have always, always, always been cursed."
"For the last time, the only thing I like about Richard... is his big, throbbing, rock-hard, perfect dick."
Shit Who threw this at me?
"Oh, man, I am so fuckin' horny."
Why I shut up? You shut up?
You fucking leave her!
What the hell are you doing down here?
"Kim, I was fucking kidding."
Claim her body or they're gonna cremate her.
Gekko's daughter and that smart ass I got fired...
The guy who was gonna kill me?
"Hey, you want to knock one out in the pantry?"
Nevertheless I could not ignore Zeb's pigheaded behavior.
"I don't waste time with losers, Tommy."
"""No, there are millions, you conceited son of a bitch,"" she said."
Well... If that doesn't damn us both to hell. Then what does?
You want to fly and get shot at?
Damn ugly.
How do you explain the gay magazine wrapped in a Playmobil catalogue?
"Oh, at dinner, the dog is sniffing my balls."
"You know, Brenda, maybe I’d be more sensitive if you'd have sex with me."
"We were drinking tea... and this stupid waiter spilled wine on me, that's all."
"No, dammit, she didn't."
"Yeah, it means your friend Alison was a psycho stalker... ...who wouldn't take no for an answer. Okay?"
"Tell me where it is, and maybe I won't kill you."
‘Basterdsuiker’ used to be a by-product — a bastard grade — of white sugar.
"Consequently, I have devised the technique of visibly demonstrating I am preoccupied when confronted with a particularly rude or ignorant statement or request."
"Tell me!"" He goes, ""Dad, I got a fuck for the duck,"
The same guy who saved Palermo's ass... ...when that sniper had a bead on him at the stadium gig.
Are you crazy? You still want to bring those things back to Earth?
This partnership is a goddamn joke.
Her father's a crackhead.
He tries to bite your face off.
He's a sodomite.
"Shit, he didn't hear me."
Ninety. You're shitting me!
Don't you mean a hooker?
"He'll give us money, get us passports in exchange for all this shit and Andy's car..."
"You're gonna do it all for that tiny little person in there, the one that's making your girlfriend so sick right now."
"Oh, shit, thanks."
"Maybe to scare us. - No, you jerk."
The negro had caught about twenty upon a line of thin wire.
Just get off him!
A better fucking view of what?
"I'll give you, eh, 50 cents for all this junk."
"The fuck, Uncle Luther?"
"My hands... are in a goddamn jar, and that's all because of you."
Now all I have to worry about is getting through Löded Diper's gig without looking like an idiot.
What is woman... even such a woman as this... until the blood is quickened by the kill?
"Mighty fucking big of you, Doc."
"Vern, you were so scared you looked like that fat guy in Abbott and Costello, when he saw the mummy."
"I'm walking through the cargo deck, right, minding my own damn business when all of a sudden… You know that big tank on G deck?"
You've always been like this... ...tormenting your poor father with this prattling of yours!
Try not to let those Yankees drive you mad.
Maybe I should've let them arrest your ass.
"""...then go back to Drexland fuck yourself."""
"You drove me crazy, Natalia!"
"You coming here, with your dick in your hand... You got nothing!"
"Palm Mortuary, owned by an offshore holding company... ...which, after 1 7 layers of bullshit... ...turns out to be registered to Donna Maria Tapia... ...mother of Hector Juan Carlos Tapia, who calls himself Johnny."
"Don't blow up anything until I get back here, or I'll hunt you down myself."
Would you believe a runt like that is getting married?
I do not believe my friggin' eyes.
I don't like this woman.
You idiots. We've all got swords.
"Morty, this is fucking embarrassing."
We ain't got no fucking microphone!
Heathens have nothing they can teach me.
I want him off.
"He's not even here, and he's screwing with us."
"Turn around, fool."
"What's the problem with the lockout? (buzzing) - You know, Mr. Buttman, with all that cheap American crap like cheerleaders and mascots and--"
"I was thinking, ""What the fuck were you doing down there?"""
I was gonna shoot it up at the ruins.
"I look dead, motherfucker?"
I don't care if he builds a damn laser beam that turns you invisible.
"""Shut up,"" says de Soya."
They're just a bunch of sardines.
The rest of the shit is ours.
'Fuck the inevitable backlash!
"Insane people don't know they're insane, Dr. L."
This is routine shit.
I think Vikki only started talking marriage to me that night... ...in order to get meto have sex with her.
We don't have a damn thing!
Topa believes you will die in the trials ahead.
"Well, if she wants Mr. Rogers, then I'm going to show her the biggest pussy she's ever seen."
"The top of the head was a sooty gray, pocked with two black eyes."
He must starve.
That scrawny little bag of bones?
Don't shoot him.
"Get your shit packed, get your crew together, and load this airplane."
Remember this shit at Christmas!
They're worse than fucking four-year-olds.
You sound like hell.
we will issue a warrant... for his elimination.
"They need their father, And this might be your last shot."
"Just because you earned a few bucks, trash like you becomes blind."
Shit. He wants to get his picture on paper.
"You monkey, talk less"
"You're too crazy, man."
What the fuck?
I'd like to buy each one of them a blowjob shot.
Get off me! Get off!
"What a crazy-ass week, huh?"
Woman accused of having sex with demons were tortured into confessions that revealed lurid details of their sexual relations.
"But you knowall that already, you son of a gun."
I had sex with the dean and he took it off my record.
"But señor, what nonsense."
If you touch my kid l will huntyou down till the day I die.
"Throw it, George."
No one fucks with cancer.
Just because some dumb-ass didn't eat a cookie--
"And she better not use your new cupcake shop as an excuse this time, 'cause sister, that crap ain't gonna fly."
And you're designing a frickin' building.
Get out of the fucking car.
Finally we can take down the damn posters.
"But uh... the sizeable... citizen, out there with a... Hole in his stomach, well, it seems like he's... going to... die very soon."
Absolutely ridiculous.
I can take down at least two of you.
"It's your boy stic. Man, Dead Prez."
"You, the union, the party, Rome, Mosca and I do not know who else! you suck!"
"Iris, for fuck's sake, I've got to work tomorrow!"
"As long as they just competed with each other, this didn't matter too much — morons among morons, so to speak."
"""A useless observation,"" said Spilett."
The drone must die!
"Pathetic, huh?"
He can wait till I finish slaying a guy in a skullcap and a pair of tights.
"""Now shoot my shirt,"" he said."
"Get out, Poe, before I shoot you where you sit."
Don't give a shit about his business agenda.
Then there's no hope... for the wretched woman... who fell from grace one day.
"We have it under control now but your Rottweiler has been humping your little dog, and vice versa."
I'm giving you my damn money.
"You know Allegra's gay, right?"
"I make jokes, yeah. But, I mean, you get shit done."
OK? Ram him whenever you see him and ram him hard.
"They thought Columbus was a nut job, right?"
He should have pounded her into bar-b-q sauce.
"You fucking stripped me naked, you made me piss in a fucking bottle... in front of... who?"
"20,000 northerners marching south to find out if he really does shit gold."
Lizzy has no backbone when it comes to her.
Don't do anything stupi...
But he knew that he had returned to find the Shrike and to kill it.
You wanna wait here for the witch to get you?
"If I shoot someone foolhardy enough... to pass through the rock three times, they'll be squished into tiny lumps."
"So, you go, you know, take care of your shit, and I'll take care of mine, and if and when you want, you could call me."
These guys are bad uews.
"I'm gonna decorate every man in this penetration, whoever they are."
"Josh, you want to be a fucking writer?"
I stabbed my brain.
"One with honor intelligence You need an ""Americano"" with balls, Señor Escobar."
"Once you know all the cons, you'll never be a sucker. WOMAN:"
I just hate to see you miss out on your first prom over a silly thing like this.
At a word from him they could be instantly taken away to a concentration camp or immediate execution.
"Are you insane? Considering our situation here, I think I've been extremely reasonable."
"He kicked Louis in the ass again, this time connecting with the other buttock."
"Yeah, I went to Miami, sure, and got a goddamn tan."
"That's a kind offer, but your sniper is toast."
"Now, are you gonna let me work or break my balls?"
Do you understand about cosmic consciousness and all kind of that shit?
"Drink some blood, you'll be able to do all kinds of things"
The loser must sing a song.
"Darling, please, I don't... -Shut up, Winston."
"I am not gonna let everybody tell me what I should be fucking thinking all the time, like I can't decide for myself, like something is wrong with me."
I feel liberated. I mean. you're in therapy thinking you blew it with the greatest girl ever... ...and it turns out that getting your dick stuck in your zipper... ...was the best thing that ever happened to you.
I just don't like my son spending all his time with a man who carries a gun... - and goes around whacking people.
"Piss off, Carl."
Suicide is the truth.
The scum; we'll get him sooner or later
"Someone wants to silence the girls, on the other side of the lake. because, they fried a sick mind."
"Oh, hell, yeah. First motherfucking thing they did."
I do not know a shit about you.
Stark is a mutineer.
"That... long, hairy, red and blackbastard I found in the ammo crate."
Shut up for a second!
"Trust me, if you need your head cut open, you want to be in the hands of Michael Holt."
"Oh, that dump on Damen."
What ifthey don't wanna have sex?
It was a sick game.
Shoot me the names.
He laughs like a loon.
I want you out of my house right now!
It will take them days to die.
"No, are you nuts?!"
It's always you and four dummies.
"I have to, like, beg you to have sex with me, like it's a gift!"
You're a sex machine.
That's a cock.
My dick's not gonna shake itself.
"Aw, shit. If I had 52 men lookin' for somebody I'd find 'em in three hours in New York!"
Aargh God Damn it!
I can't get that goddamn carousel song out of my head.
She treated me like trash.
"Once they get injured or start to lose races, he hits them over the head with a hammer and throws them into that lake there."
And it'il happen When I murder Drew Carey
"Fuck off, Martin."
Amanda once had sex with Agent Andy.
You are very skinny.
"It's not funny, you thought it would be cute like ""Don't"" she's like ""FUCK OFF"""
"Hey, baby... you're sucking on the wrong nozzle."
I'll strangle-angle you!
"""You bitch endlessly about Barrayaran tyranny, but somehow I don't think you folks took a vote of all Komarran planetary shareholders, before you attempted to sealor steal their future."
"Nicole, please see this jerk to her apartment."
"It's your phone, you're the dumb one."
I think you've got to bite the bullet.
Fine. Whatever. Idiot.
What the hell have you head doctors been studying all these years with your dreams and your complexes and your Christ?
The lady is naive in every sense of the word.
They grew because he hugged his wife who had my cream on her breasts...
"So far as Foraker had been able to determine, their radar was a unique installation, so all they needed was a good read on it, and they'd know they had the murderous bastards they wanted."
It's hard to believe I actually feel sorry for his lame ass.
And they're screwed. They're out in the middle of the water. There's no way that anyone's ever gonna find them.
"You got the balls to come in here, do it."
"Foolish girl, you knew the bargain you made, And should you defy me, Then I will take all your children,"
"Hey, I need to talk about some shit with you, man."
We invented cold showers to stop people masturbating.
"Yeah, dude, it's gonna be kick-ass."
My blood's fucking up.
This is the day we're supposed to throw cow turds at cars together.
"Here's the thing, pal. This shit is complicated."
He is so fucking weird. Right?
Get off with yer!
"Goddamn, if something happened... I thought she was with us."
"He'll get his quota of killing, if you're lucky to win. ."
Because everybody wants to be burned at the stake.
"Oh, damn it to hell."
"Put the gun down, Lopez."
"Well, Lola's hard to kill."
"Fat, knobby puffballs sprang up and inflated themselves."
It requires the blood of a crusader... and his crucifixion upon a burning cross.
"Dirt off your shoulder, man."
The goddamn prick!
"The captain was a scoundrel; when my money ran out, he sailed off and left me on the wharf at Rak Cthaka."
"Vicki? vicki,what the hell?!"
Shoot them into orbit.
Don't fall in the river and someone mistake you for a fucking floating turd.
"But if one religion especially deserves our contempt and loathing, it is the barbarous law of Christianity under which you and I were born."
"And so, ""like the other scum;' as Raistlin observed, the companions floated along upon the tides of war and were deposited in Flotsam."
Let's do some dangerous crap.
I don't know a damn thing about Yusa.
Being gay for this kitchen.
You need two things to live in this business: your balls and your word.
"That was the first time in my life I thought if I was dead, my fucking problems would go away."
When do you think that shithole was last cleaned?
"As I’d hoped, he didn’t hesitate to pull me in and take over, his mouth eating at mine with lush, deep licks."
Dirty cops?
Get off him.
You're in the bloody big school now.
"Hey, which one of you guys can kick?"
The fuck do I know? What's the difference?
You'll have to pour another one for your property prostitute. I assume that's who you'll be fêting?
"You gonna stop fuckin' around, nigger?"
Will Wendy get old and die?
"He and Gomble, among others at that hellhole in Florida."
"That kind of stuff doesn't happen here, Jack, because this world stinks! Hey."
I had sex with him for about a year and a half.
I couldn't fuckin' handle it!
"Damn. So when I tell stories,"
"Damn, that makes me hungry!"
In reality DigiCorp is the loser.
"He said, ""Don't try to cozen us, shameless woman!"
Your parents screw around.
"The ranch is not the only shit in the world, ok?"
"With my luck, you'il take a knife to me."
"Arthur would kill him, she told herself, Arthur would kill him if he offered her the slightest insult or harm."
Maybe I'll say it's that new super gonorrhea.
I haven't done this for centuries. I've forgotten how to do it! - I look like a monster!
Butts! ♪
"""Deactivate your weapons and freeze, or I'll blow Gregor to atoms!"""
I can't imagine mr. Foulkes being behind a plea deal. He's a narcissist.
"The Hellborn have given me the chance, and damned if I'm not grateful to them."
She's gross.
Not that I didn't love the shaggy brute.
"We'll fix your PDA from the side, then flip you over and then open up your blocked arteries from the front."
Don't play dumb.
You think Marc was gay.
"Katey, get back in the damn car."
You're the only weirdo that I've seen so far.
'Garbage!' sneered Caessa.
The Enterprise can clearly track us. They must be destroyed.
"Oh, from the rape surgery?"
"No, no, no, no. I don't want no black-market shit."
"""Now, goddamn, boy, we've been over that!"
"""No,"" she admitted, ""he's not a fool."
"It sucks, how much you want for it?"
Take another shot at the old man before you head back to school?
"Yeah, sitting in a booth all night Getting no pussy can be draining."
I had sex with Roger Shepard in a car. - Ooh.
"BARRY: Come on, you know how corrupt they are there."
"Man! I can't keep this shit up, man."
Your son just... came and kicked the ever-living shit out of me and I can't write anymore.
The desert sun boiled his brain.
"Fuck cholesterol, winning makes me hungry."
Those beasts will not give up until they are all dead.
You need to suppress my mother's titties out of your psychoanalysis.
This will ruin my career Shut up!
"Boy, this country has dumbed down in the last hundred years."
Space travel is a fool's game.
You're naked. I'm dressed.
"If you do not leave my store, I will personally remove you."
"God gee, I don't know, B... ...see I'm going way way out there... ...way way far from where you live, which you pretty much fucking rule."
"So far, over 700 people have been infected, and they're all gonna die."
"Better take his bullets away, Stan."
I shaved down there and can burn.
You have to take me to go get those Jewish baby tests.
"Losers, I'm talking to you."
You mean that maniac is going to destroy the earth?
I wonder how the hell she got that.
"Oh, shit, oh!"
Never had to pay for that shit before.
Your mind will empty.
"I can't keep this shit up, man."
They trump up these phony holidays Just so they can sell you a bunch of crap.
"""No"" and ""yes, we might have screwed something up, ""but are intentionally hiding it because we're incompetent and we're asses."""
Hank Morgan was an abomination to God.
"I'm a moronic lawyer's aging trophy wife, and the only way I get self-esteem is by being the charity cancer queen of Portland."
Do you resent Sheila for taking your virginity?
"Why are you a thief, Jack?"
Fuck him!
At least you didn't have to see her having sex with Mr. Cyr.
"""What were you but a meaningless spirit whose existence revolved around no more than fucking the occasional saddletramp?"
You know I only like to drive you crazy.
Fuck of a lot of good it did her.
You guYs get outta here!
The rest is pretty much crap.
You ams pissed offs because-- - Because we're fat.
"Lowering someone's expectations, Getting someone to forgive you, Getting someone to have sex with you."
You never fucking existed.
Especially liked the part where you told the whole town to shut the fuck up.
Wanna throw that in the back?
A real woman! Stay away from me!
Damn. Good ending.
"Well, look, I find it... It's just fascinating shit to me."
It's this flimsy-ass four-star restaurant.
"""Your taste in women is as bad as your French."""
And you wrote Fucking & Punching?
Your mother was clinically depressed.
"""Damn right."
You are an impossibly stubborn human.
They're gonna have that DNA shit all on them.
I don't even know her real fucking name.
These darn things are heavy!
Ooh. These suckers are tied tight.
"""Once the gorillas are forced to bow before public opinion, they'll soon make those idiot orangutans see reason."
"""What I'd give my ass to know,"" said Brody, ""is why us?"
"When is this shithole due for renovation, huh?"
I thought cos? often ... ... to kill for stomach pain ... ... that I do not fregava a cock to die.
"If he doesn't find the shit, he'll have to cough up another 500 bucks."
Are you really gonna do this shit today?
"""...get inside of you, eternally,my seducer lover, beloved sea"""
You know what?You don't know what the hell you're talking about.
I know I shot him.
"My engine the radio, the fucking bulkhead, galleys."
Those craZy bastards are not gonna last 10 minutes out there.
"As for the wretched Anna, bedizened with dishonest promises."
Perhaps the only pleasure left is the doubtful one of murdering someone.
"And for that, she deserved to die? Yeah."
"Sure, but check the crotch. Nothing."
"Jackie, when they hook you up, do you make sure they don't have air in your veins, or is that just bullshit?"
"Okay, we're gonna take this thing apart limb by limb so that little Miss Bullshit wished she'd never heard the name Louis Litt."
Help me cut them down.
"'Cause when I give you your freedom, you nearly go and get yourself killed."
They were blind and dumb.
"I'm a jerk and I wanted to apologize, because I didn't plan on calling you."
Or have you stabbed her in the back?
"I've warned him twice, but he's pig-headed."
That's a damn shame.
It's one nasty bug.
"No, you idiot. The patient had low opening pressure on his LP."
"“People round these parts act like he was the bloody emperor,” the custodian grumbled."
"""You ought to be dead; positively dead with the fright,"""
One drills a hole in one's skull.
The children are sick.
I wanna see if she rips his arms off.
That don't mean you're a cock smoker.
Some bullshit about me being a Marine again?
"And as for the rest, we're left only with pathetic... ...scattered fragments."
That man Collier is no fool.
"Forget the Atwaters and the Biladows, they're all inbred."
And all you gotta do is drop the drugs jump down and crawl your black ass outside.
"They're being slaughtered, Thorin."
"""Stunner's useless,"" Galeni noted."
I grabbed the knife off the dinner table and stabbed him.
Where's the damn camera?
"I'm sure you have some kind of a sorority, cheerleader, Mensa, vagina meeting or something."
I might try out for baseball even though I suck. - Yeah?
Someone really should just... put him out of his misery.
"You point this at his head if he fucks around, all right?"
Time to tell me who the hell you really are.
Now she's gonna pee on a stick.
God damn it.
Do you know that asshole Kim?
You could've asked the cop if you didn't just kill him.
Frank! Why are you wearing garbage bags?
"He's a hawk, but he's ignorant."
I'm frightened only of Indians.
"""I can see that, damn you."""
Your men... ...are obsolete.
All she'd have to do is supervise the children and a few African stranglers.
"About every ten seconds some sick, perverted, degenerate thought goes through a man's mind."
"""Black isn't unreasonable for a plant,"" Roxanny said."
"""I'm just a wimp, I guess."""
"You never knew your mother, your dad's going to die in jail..."
The criminal might have been the guy who had told him five minutes ago to get his ass home.
The man is a disgrace to his uniform.
Should I ask if Farnum's come for coffee before I get you to summon that cunt?
"Same bullets, same gun, same killer. Let's go get her."
"""You think I'll blow on you to the crushers?"""
"You'll die, Danny."
"Now go, you crazy kids, and save the world."
You're gonna chop your fingers off.
"If he wasn't a bum, she wouldn't have left him."
"Fuck, I didn't even know who the fuck those guys were."
Looks like a goddamn war zone.
"A lot of muties don't live very long lives, even without someone to cut their throats."""
"Hardly the most appetizing process in the world, But killing demons always makes me hungry."
Give me a pistol with bullets ...
"Fuck you ! - No matter how hard you try, you'll never be the hero, and you'll never, ever get the girl."
"No, that was a sinister giggle, motherfucker."
"What the hell are you doing here, then?"
What kind of a sick bitch takes the ice cube trays out ofthe freezer?
"After he got caught trying to fuck a mop, but still."
"Now, how in the hell does that happen?"
Planning on blowing up a German tank?
"Just treat me like a farmyard animal."""
Although I do wish you could die without this weird noise.
"You have broken my head, damn."
It's not far from hell.
"We are the anus restaurant, lin."
"Kenny, we don't have sex with guys for pleasure."
As the pyramids testify to the Egyptians... so my glorious erection shall represent... ...our culture in perpetuity.
"""Do I look like a guy who knows a Parker damn Stevenson?"""
Freak city.
I'm trying to run a fucking magazine here.
Then he shit on yöur car.
"They recur to tortuous answers, trying to trap the inquisitor, who already has to endure contact with such loathsome people."
"He reached up desperately, fighting to grip the hand's wrist, and a cold, ugly laugh cut through his half-stunned brain."
See that? Obedient little bitches too.
That's why I have so much tolerance for the other scoundrels of the world.
"""You're a noiseuse."""
"Do you think I'm fucking excited, Ray?"
Faster! Kick it!
I'm gonna touch you now.
"Poor people in Britain - or vermin, as they are known - cannot afford trips abroad."
You wouldn't have gotten shit without me.
The fuckin' Matterhorn?
He's in love with that slutty hunk of silicone.
"So you can prescribe this shit for me, legal?"
"“Generally,” Mitch began, putting on a professorial tone, “shamans are a little crazy."
Die and never know that you and Tirzah are alive?
It'd have been stupid to leave.
I guess I don't want him to fuck you up.
He should be burried with honor.
"Mush, disgusting, and just dreadful."
"He'll join his old friends the thieves, and laugh at you."
"I'm telling you, that girl is a user, skating through life on her looks... ...taking advantage of innocent men... ...getting auditions for stupid network shows."
I'm such a loser.
You don't just fucking throw your clothes off.
They haven't gotten around to shooting women yet. - Umm.
"Shit, it's his kidney."
"You know, I think this whole damn thing is a farce, you ask me."
He will bleed to death before you get him out of here.
"Shit, then she was the one who called them!"
Is that just some stupid needless ritual?
The man I will rip apart.
"But when they took him away, I went back on psycholine and wallowed around the pleasure dome with all the rest of the screwed-silly tarts."
"So, Bundino, why you fuck me like this?"
I suppose he's got two fucking horns sticking out of his head!
And now it's time you open up that goddamn mouth and tell us what we want to know.
"And when they walk out that door, I'm gonna be the one who fires their asses."
"It would be useful if it was against the fucking Germans, and not their own!"
"And I know that sounds stupid, but maybe that's why it's gone under the radar."
"Sorry, old-timer... ... but you're only part poison and I'm hungry for meat."
Why the hell are you here?
What if you fuck up? Your friends and family watchin'.
"What the hell are you talking about, Riley?"
Speaking of which-- A little signin' bonus and shit ?
"I'm like... and this is after the night before we ended up down in the fucking the steps of Rome fucking train station, and I was peeing, in my pants."
"You don't go along, then Johnny don't trust you and he's coming after you and you sure as shit don't want Sonny Truelove knocking at your door."
“Why the hell do you think they came here?
"May 19, 2007-- the best fucking day of my life."
"So, dumbass, I heard you made a grad student throw up last night."
"""All this money and he taking motherfucking pictures!"""
"Theodore, you know the Arcadian is a badly built... architecturally unimportant rat's nest... designed by an overpaid, plagiarizing ether addict with two thumbs."
Now let's go do a frickin' pyramid.
And that now you're just covering your butt because you're worried about a malpractice suit.
"You know,k-kill the cat..."
Yeah. - Why don't you go fucking fight him?
"""Mum, shut up!"" Ron yelled."
"With any luck, we can kill both these birds at once."
My bet is he's using you because your're stupid and you think he's your friend.
Terrific. And I thought your brother was a horrible influence.
"Fucking A. - When you going back, Steve?"
So no trash feminism Right?
"How in holy hell is that not the worst part, Scott?"
"Tomorrow, we shall burn Red Cliff to the ground!"
"Goddamn, Woody Grant is a millionaire!"
I hated the bastard!
You think it's more like pepperoni or ass crack?
Take the shot . !
You can use that tape... to get Antwon Mitchell off the street for the rest of his life... or you can use it to hang me and the rest of my guys.
I don't care He's lazy I don't want him
"They were community-payback scumbags, I wouldn't lose any sleep."
He masturbates with impressive frequency?
This shit's gonna blow!
"Go fuck yourself, Danny."
"Right, sit down and do some bloody work!"
I fucked a fairy?
"Look, I been figuring... ...with 200 gallons of gas back here... ...we don't have to make one damn stop, not one."
Plus she seems... kind of crazy.
Now it looks like a frickin' law firm.
You can cover them up with all that fucking makeup you wear anyway.
You don't fucking move unless I tell you to!
"Holy shit, this is awesome."
What the hell was that all about?
"Yeah, maybe I will... ...and then maybe I'll just use your thick skull and knock a hole in the wall."
"""An absolute fool."
And then he told me that he was gonna give 30% to that lady crook.
"I know where you live, and your way is stupid."
"Hey, is there any way that I could get you guys to do a story on getting rid of Tree Hill café bitches?"
"In fact, she's the cleverest fucking person I know."
It means our life sucks.
"It doesn't matter, I'm sure your friends are dead by now."
"Cartographer, linguist, plumber."
"Bad enough to be humiliated before your friends, but to be photographed in your disgrace—that lieutenant ought to be shot."""
And the worst part is... ...that little girl... ...grinding and dry humping the fucking stage up there... ...that's somebody's daughter up there. - I was just gonna say that.
Or we're going back to post offices and cars. Fuck that.
"No shit, Terry."
I'd bloody love her to be widowed.
"""Dammit, I'd do anything for you-but I've put my professional life into this base."
"Come on, Dan, just shoot pool."
"He taught you you were a black heathen, and you believed him."
Did you think that by killing me you could liberate your race?
His mouth surely stinks!
"I got a big-ass coat, chair to sit in, chalice cup of wine and a midget, but I ain't going out there with all them monsters out there!"
"What I mean is, sometimes, the weakest stuff in a story is the shit with quotation marks around it."
Loser! - Dad!
"We can't understand how to pronounce his fucking name, so we just call him the cat eating alien."
We've known each other since we were kids -You're crazy
You came to the right place. They're all criminals here.
if I fell under the sword of that murderer it might be my head in a basket.
"So you see the ship, then a few hours later... ...you pucker upand kiss your ass goodbye?"
"You know, I thought I hated being on the D.A.'s shit list... but this is actually worse."
Then he takes a shot at that thatched roof.
You stink of fear under that cheap lotion.
"Look, I got a damn tsunami coming."
"No, he's not as much of an idiot as I'd thought."
"""Looking up at me all bloody and shit."
What the fuck am I supposed to do?
One day you wake up and you own the whole goddamn country.
I have been living this life for 25 fucking years.
"Jenna, do you know how crazy you sound right now?"
"Fuck, Mire, please..."
You're not my friend! Fuck you!
"E, I wouldn't fuck up my career over a girl."
"Ja, your viggly penis, Lebowski."
You ever been to pussy heaven?
Got shit on my face?
"So many people to kill, so little time."
Breaking up the goddamn furniture.
Get the hell out of here!
"Eddie, what are you gonna do when I kick your ass?"
There's plenty of times I do shit that I don't want to do.
Larry Fucking Flynt?
You suck!
An execution.
"He was the best in his day, but... now he just wants to sell books. Like those assholes."
"Oh, don't be silly."
"Damn it, love like this needs to fly free."
You've got to be fucking joking.
"""noop""? Take it! Woman, I am not getting in a shootout with the goddamn Yakuza because you people decided to steal their drugs!"
"""How about gang rape?"" asked Hillary, the Secretary, quietly."
You're a porn actor who wants to know what a porno film is about?
"Uh, I'd repay you at fuckin' interest, boss."
He didn’t think a man could strike one victim fast enough to silence her - and he presumed that she was killed first to keep her from waking up shrieking - then kill her lover without him stirring.
"But if it costs molly her life or her sanity, it'il kill me."
Shit. Bullet through the head.
"And her royal pussycat, Sir Fat Louie."
Shit! Wanna take him to my place?
"Adam, you devil."
"Switch off the air conditioning, you idiots!"
I hate beautiful bodies.
And I'm the one that makes sure that nothing happens to you little motherfuckers while you out here.
Criminal defense attorney to the rich and obnoxious.
Why did your father whack the shit out of some guy?
"She talked me into joining the P.D., and when I quit 'cause I thought it was too hard, she found me and dragged my lazy ass back to the academy."
"But thanks to that old devil hooch, it's all changed."
The girl's father was an abuser.
"By bringing me back, you may have imperiled my people, your people, and all those fool mensch out there you seem to care so much about!"
"He will bear thee away to the houses of lamentation, beyond all darkness, where thy flesh shall be devoured, and thy shrivelled mind be left naked to the Lidless Eye.'"
I have no desire to kill Each of these tonight.
"Probably a lonely fucker, like me."
"'Ah, and someone wants it getting somewhere fast, and when it gets there that someone wants every damned person on board to forget where that place is."
Do you know what I'm shit scared of?
"A) you made a stupid mistake, b) you're building a bridge you plan on never using, or c) you're actually building a bridge across time."
"Olympus military, stupid. Always make a scene."
"That means I should knock the thugs out... here, here, and... here."
"Assuming he hasn't found a guy with a bigger dick yet,"
"More blood, he thought, more goddamn blood, can't get away from it, can't get away nohow."
There's some people that should mind their own damn business.
"Look, man, it has been one crap sandwich after another for the past few weeks, okay?"
You know my loser brother?
You're the bloody sommelier.
My cash against your corpses.
I think we can take one psycho.
Bury me in another shallow grave.
You get Kim Jong-un to fucking cry like a baby in front of all of North Korea?
"Oh, God damn it!"
"And they always wanna have sex with me. Oh, my God."
"If they were willing to let her chase them, she was willing to accept the invitation in hopes of killing a few more of them before they scattered."
Why doesn't anybody understand that I don't want to talk about this shit.
"Cassie, not your mother, poor woman."
You're a thief.
The Triads made us look like fools.
"You fuckin' up, and I'm not about to risk my family!"
"You know, differently timed explosions we hadn't rehearsed so we were just playing it as and when the crap falls on your head, which is amazing."
"Henney's rotten, but there's enough to convict."
"You become a big hero bringing in the dirty cop, ex-partner to boot."
"""And he's scared silly someone will find out."""
Damn shame.
You can always find another dork to eat lunch with.
The throes of that stupid couple seconds... treading the white water.
We fucked the whole weekend.
"Go on, hit it!"
Who the hell knows what that is?
I want her thrown out of here!
Because I don't like seeing her kiss another guy.
it would be harder. It would take -- Take 2 would be a bitch.
What's up is the contents of this fucking amazing box that are about to change our lives forever.
I particularly liked the idea of investegating the homosexuals.
"I died for a year, came back, and you're still not funny. Shut up."
"You were hot shit back in Hickville, but here in the real world, you got squat."
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
I can't believe that the gods would want such a woman to die.
You got me all horny. -Come here and warm me up.
The other fellow jumped down and struck him over the head with the butt end of his heavy whip.
We're gonna quit fucking around and start talking.
Before I went to fuckin' Suffolk.
You look like a bald girl.
Don't ever stick your nose in my face again.
"Like she said, we'il all die."
"Anything you're not taking to college... either goes to the attic, or it's trash."
"If you tell her I did this, I will make you bleed."
All of these hippies running around on drugs.
"""Motherfucker. I'm trying to watch The Lost Boys."
Probably all those cock rings jangling around in there.
"Dude, you had a chick with her legs open in your cab!"
"If you are dead when I return I will travel more Gateways, seeking a Sigarni who survived.'"
You're like all the other suckers out there.
"The sad ass, cheap ... And your makeup."
Keeley and Crutchfield are at the office typing the warrants for this Savino fuck.
"Not brown, or blue-black, but black as space."
"For a smart house, the Feng Shui was really dumb."
"""to see Lisa Simpson stab her family in the back with her camera."""
"MURDERFACE: But, Pickles, the guys in glam rock seem like long-haired pussies with makeup on and tight pants, you know?"
This is a big-ass operation.
"Not with your hands, you buffoon!"
Ass-Blaster blitzkrieg.
"What the hell do you mean, quiet?"
What the hell are you looking at?
It is a demon in a false body.
I let out a very sincere damn and heard Ian's voice behind me.
Something's wrong with these nuts!
Are you a con man?
Don't let those wretched coppers catch you!
"""Let's get this junk set up before it gets too dark."""
Lousy.
What about threatening an ass?!
"With the Tyrells beside us, we'll crush the Northerners."
Do not bury us here with the Chechens.
She'll probably break up with my ass now.
He was cursing himself for a fool.
"I lost my job, and the economy sucks."
I made Jessy a plate of barbecue so God damn good
"Well, that band has come, and now they're here... to come again in your ear-pussies""."
"I'm talking about framing other murderers, thieves, and pimps."""
And then he Just puked his brains out.
God knows how much your uncle must've laid on that wretched man.
"Let me finish ... however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours!!"
"Zagosh, when you get yourself a job, then you can be my fuckin' P.O."
"Ephraim Knowles, for your cowardly desertion from this army in wartime, in accordance with military practice and precedent, this court hereby sentences you to death."
I'm gonna open her chest.
All these silly accusations.
"She has killed him, you see."
It stinks in here.
Five denarii on the fool who spoke.
It's better than rotting in some skank's basement.
You're an unhappy drunk.
You know whose fucking load this is?
"You'il love it, you little beast."
"Perhaps if we were looking for some nubile lady of the night for you to slaughter, then you'd suddenly perk up and become incredibly helpful!"
This is dangerous shit there.
"Nobody's gonna fuck her, okay? - That's what I would do."
"A lovely Helen Allingham, depicting two horses, an ass, and several cocks."
This shit ain't funny no more!
"Murderer! - The guards will protect her, right?"
"""He knew where an awful lot of the bodies were buried, and quite a few people found it suspiciously . . . convenient that he should decide to blow his own brains out."""
"'Baudin - a damned frightening man, that one, but strangely loyal to Felisin, though…'"
"So, good luck in your careers and watch your asses."
So what you're saying is if one of us was to inadvertently suppress their feelings of horniness then they might become a sex pest?
"Kill chips, polymer masks, crazy poisons, all of it supplied by MDK."
"And what cowards they all are here, about having an opinion of their own, you can't fancy, Rodion Romanovitch."
power rangers mistic forse kama sutra nude xxx sexy girls amnesia ibiza orgasm hanah montana wwe akon linkin park enrique iglesias hentai jonas brothers 2girls1cup bb8 big brother sex scenes basshunter pamela anderson sex video
"Fuck off, Seth."
"(groans) I'm sorry, sam, But your little white boy booty was just an outlier."
"If we catch you at another demonstration, you won't get a fucking penny."
"Don't kill me, Sea Witch!"
Damn... it sounds like dialogue from our script!
"She had a momentary certainty-silly, of course, but she couldn't seem to rid herself of such feelings-that it would be Some Person in Authority, calling to tell her she must give the beautiful lampshade back, that it belonged to someone else, that such a lovely object could not possibly have accrued to Nettle's little store of possessions in any case, the very idea was ridiculous."
He's talking nonsense.
I work in the trash.
"""pig"" is the best of the best."
You're terrible!
"No, I'm a lot fucking worse."
The wild ass boycame home to his wild ass mother.
The difference between ge­nius and stupidity was that genius knew that it had limits.
"Port make a man do crazy shit, I'm telling you."
Those thugs will do anything to stop him.
"Because I've had sex with a baroness, a marquise, a vicomtesse, the two princess sisters, um, a duchess--"
It's his puke.
Are you ready to have sex?
I thrust my blade down its throat as its long legs clawed at or caught hold of me.
"Blow on it, blow on it."
"Which fascinated me, because I had been angry when Igraine refused to give my new brother up to a wet nurse and fed him from her own breasts."
"""Please give your most serious consideration... to the bearer of this letter--"" Miss So-and-so. ""Who is of moderate intelligence... who has some experience in broadcasting... and, more importantly... who can suck your cock until your eyes pop out."""
"Holy crap, it's George."
She wouldn't leave her fucking door and windows wide open.
"The bitch stabbed Lucy, now he's defending her?"
"ln my train, there were some goons."
My life is dark and miserable.
Then this ape of yours came along and damned near killed one of us with his bow and arrow.
I want to film us having sex.
"Because of Mrs. Bukowski’s dog, having to walk past that fucking canine cannibal five days a week."
"You see his tongue, man? And that fucking tail!"
"Why don't you do yourself a favor, and get rid of your miserable fucking wife."
As if I had two sons instead of one freak!
"Let's start with the five balls, and let's take away two."
Then your skin will become as new as a baby's ass. Right?
"Oh, my god, you're crazy maybe you lost and do not remember."
That's because you're young and full of vigour and life...and a little ignorant.
"You do the other and you may be walking around, but you're dead as a beaver hat."
"Johnny comes to the conclusion that the only way he can keep this from happening—the only way he can save the world, in other words—is by putting a bullet in Stillson’s head."
What? The son of a Nazi?
Burned her house down.
"And five, has weird junk."
"Funny, the pawn shop here in Phoenix says this is all fake costume junk."
Damn it! We just can't leave her here.
"No, you'll go hide your heads in your tents and try to forget that we're slaughtering a human being."
I knew he was a fuckin problem as soon as Knowledge put it down.
You can't be a goofball.
"The lady wants ""Jameson asshole."""
"Alfie, he should've thought about all that before he was screwing around with that ex-girlfriend of his."
"Wait, who's ""Jack Shit?"""
"So this dog, out of nowhere, just lifts its hind legs up... ...and puts them inthe harness there... ... and just takes a shitwhile he's running on his front paws."
"And then I run into some family member who doesn't give two shits, and that's it, the mystery's solved."
"I fucked up my own life, but Eva, Lucy and Christina,"
"But he keeps silent, knowing anything he says might just provoke the asshole, get him going all over again."
"""This pain-in-the-ass americans""."
"Six months to start don't mean shit, Larry."
Gregory found himself looking at two feet encased in ludicrous stockings.
"""You have a Pervert for a friend?"""
This is why you didn't see katara Messing with that civil war nonsense.
To eat at a different fucking restaurant.
"It had a hat on, with some stupid holes for its cars to stick out, and it wore a vest as well, but it was certainly the kangaroo."
I know that's a gun in my face.
"That struck him dumb, for all his faith in Duncan did not bridge that gap of realities, that could span what was mri and what was human with a request to go away."
"Hey, where the hell you been?"
"I always used to think my favourite color was blue, cause it's for boys. Now I realise that I love... Shut up!"
"Shit, sorry."
You want to ruin my life.
Don't you fucking touch him!
I got a fucking migraine.
It will take both of us to kill him.
Take your fucking shirt off.
"Uncle, you can be my cupbearer seeing as you're too cowardly to fight."
"For weeks, I tried breaking into this damn machine, until--"
Are you fucking kidding?
It's not the right time to ride the damned tourist boats Ah?
Should've killed himself 3 years ago.
You'il pull my fucking hair out!
"Anyway, he throws me this fucking Conan sword, right?"
Today I know what the society does with its sick.
Because you'll be a nerd soon.
"At the least sign of treason, however, I'll twist your neck for you."""
"You're drunk, lady."
"I've been sitting in Vegas on my ass for five years, and nothing."
"I was a real loser, like everyone else who didn't work in the mine."
Rubbish! You should've come with me.
"Do not fucking do this, Sam."
"You kill me, Marcus."
I don't care about some lame-ass cure for vampires.
So you're a stinker?
Get off me!
"No, if I'm going to win this thing for Drew, I'm going to need the good shit."
Let's go get breakfast. Forget this shit.
"The point is, Lesbian spank inferno does not count as erotica."
It makes me sick when I orders warriors see hiring measly males.
lubricant vaginal cotton swabs
Then we'il take one more shot.
"Dumb-name will know my wrath, the wrath of Doug."
"He is a total ass, unlike my brother Mark, who's completely innocent."
They know you'il be miles away before you find out you got fucked.
"Darn it, I have gum on my new shoes."
They're planning to pluck every dirty secret From the head of mahsuvus gorath.
Bad enough I had to spend the day with him... now he's at my fucking job?
The son of a bitch is BOPE!
He is more and more effeminate.
I wanna make out with him and chew his eyebrows off.
"Grayson, why you always talking shit?"
"One less high school bitch making the lives of the less fortunate more tolerable is, in my opinion, a public service."
She's probably the fucking police commissioner.
New county commissioner give Merrick a statement mitigating us into an ass-fucking.
"For now. Until we fuck it up, right?"
Why do you insist on telling me your disgusting fun facts over food?
Let me do the bitching for you.
Then he puts a plastic bag over his head while I jerk him off.
Who the hell are these guys?
The crowd out there is ripe for a lynching.
"Terrible-looking rodent, isn't he?"
"Miguel hid the shit and then talked, this kid broke."
"Pity, the best fuck in the neighborhood has kicked the bucket."
I never expected you to fuckin' eat him alive.
You and your daughter are just as bad.
What a hunk!
My first real job was shoveling horseshit at Aqueduct Racetrack.
That crap?
"shit, don't look. you'll pay up, right?"
The local press seems to think we'd save everyone a lot o' time and trouble if we just went out and shot ourselves.
He hooked her with his foot and flipped her on her back.
Gay
The actions of this lunatic will not keep Beau-line off the shelves.
Feels like fucking Cancun to me
"Say ""Fuck me""."
He's just totally lazy.
Get the fuck out!
Of one woman's constant need to show the world... her labia.
"She's some fuck, E.B."
I'm dead because somebody... ...I'm not gonna point out names right now... ...decided to murder me with a machete.
"""I don't give a damn."""
"Yeah, I know all about your fucking condition."
That's just a lunatic bet right there.
Go wake his ass up.
People eat the shit up.
Poor fucker.
He's like a girl. No cock!
I would believe you... ...if you weren't full of crap.
No wonder your aunt gave you this shitbox for free.
"We don't leave right now, we're gonna die."
Looks like this poor bugger was worked over.
Let's get rid of the stink of horse off you.
Just forget about all the silly nonsense about cancer.
What the hell? Are you gonna stop?
"You know, given that I'm in a bit of a personal crisis... ...and I find myselfin a total stranger's home... ...in a town that I can'tactually remember the name of... ...and consideringthat you showed up... ...and you're, like,insanely good-looking... ...and really drunk and probablywon't remember me anyway... ...I'm thinking... ...we should have sex."
"I'm saying, it's none of your goddamn business."
"Great, now I'm gonna feel like a fat ass all week."
"I handle the fucking money, and I keep her safe from creeps."
Like these two are gonna keep the two of us from having sex?
"For you, the fear is being burned alive."
"Yeah, get the fuck out of there."
"Damn, he thought, and looked at the window."
"No, I did this shit years ago."
You must be Marcy. I'm... Getting your pants and getting the fuck outta my house.
"Or you were going to blackmail Valentina, I do not recommend, crazy bitch because it's legal."
"Uh, aren't they all descended from crooks?"
I could smack you.
"That stinks, but you don't have to be like him."
No shit. The Roosevelt Hotel. 21st floor.
You're just pissed cos I beat you to the punch.
"You looked like fucking Adrian Brody in ""The Pianist""."
Don't tell Antoine or I'll beat you up.
"Men are never gonna accept a woman taking charge, especially not a woman as strong as you are."
Four days this goddamn stuff's been around!
There's nothing racially insensitive about a dragon with a chainsaw penis.
Use one hand only! Hit me!
You're all wasted !
"If I can see you kiss your wife's leg every night, so can the blokes at the ends of rows three and four!"
"Yeah, you're a joke."
Parkman what the hell are you doing?
She's a drunk... like her son.
"Jerk, you don't have to be at work for 3 hours"
We're gonna spread the word like the fucking mosquitoes spread malaria.
It is very fucking cold out there.
What the fuck happened to the Delta I used to know?
"After all the crap that had been thrown at me that night, the sight of those three kids lovingly frolicking around the room really bugged the hell out of me."
She's as good as dead anyway.
"Be brutal like you were before, okay, buddy?"
I have three cockers.
"And by 10:00, I didn't know who or what the fuck I was."
Those animals! Hunting us down like poor defenseless... well. Animals.
We needed that job! I hate you!
She can damn over 7 generations!
I want to bury him.
Want me to whip you?
"I've trained for the Fra Mauro highlands... and this is flight surgeon horseshit, Deke!"
"Sgt. Babitch, thank God you're here Shut up."
"I fucked up, alright?"
"It's milk and eggs, bitch."
He's gun crazy.
I'm gonna have tokidnap this kid and raise it in the woods.
You liar.
How damn long does it take a judge to issue a warrant?
"This time General Manning did look up from her display, and her jaw dropped at her aide's asinine grin."
Who gives a fuck what this guy thinks?
Did you fuck her with these condoms in my car?
I'll just go sit in a hole in the ground so I'm no trouble when I die.
You have to kiss a few toads.
"God,it was ass."
You were a menace!
"The witch of the original family, the original witch."
Armored rats the size of skycars was one image he could happily have done without.
"I can see it, too, look. It's yellow and... Shut up, Jool."
Motherfucker! Who do you think you are?
What the hell have you gotten me into?
That dog is a bad influence on the others.
"Instead... I find myself the watchman of a squalid, ignorant people prone to the basest superstition and violence."
Why are you looking at me like I just shot your dog?
"And your mom doesn't make a cent, but at least she lets me have sex with her, which is more than I can say for you two."
They don't give a shit about the rest of us!
You ever hear that fucking saying?
"If Leiningen doesn't hang these men, I want them back!"
"To have a filthy gringo here, and to give him 100 besides?"
Will I eat pig with you?!
"They'il bomb Palermo, not here."
Put his shotgun into the wound.
You're a dog.
"You know, it's awful when you lose your ID and shit."
"She had sex with Rig, and could not bring herself to tell me the truth!"
"You can go play golf... ...eat your dinners at 3:00 in the afternoon... ...play with your grandkids, drink Metamucil, old people shit."
"Louis, I don't know what the hell you want from me."
"When the hot water runs out, I'm screwed."
"It is not hard for the masked militia to find among the crowd shazbah and very-tea, and even, they say, dreamshit."
"You and me, Ritchie, we're too fucked in the head for family."
"No, she's a bully."
"Kompa, without your TV faces every day on the screens you have no fucking nothing!"
What the hell are you doin' back in Santa Fe?
He might bleed to death
Last week I tattooed the insides of Lena Dunham's ass cheeks.
"They don't just make your muscles big, they fuck your head up... roid rage."
"In case you haven't noticed, the weather here sucks."
Take that to your grave.
Would you shut up?
Our dear mother - . . .is dead !
That would be the only way to get killed.
Hang on... you've been busting our balls for doing too many pro bono cases.
I bring wonderful news to fill your pathetic social calendars.
What the hell's going on here?
"I'm actually fucking the dead guy's daughter""?"
"Shoot, my friend."
Would you like a boobs--?
What in hell did I think was so magical or fanciful... ...about a little whore who is just a little bit peculiar?
"But now I'm on dumb-dumb patrol, and I don't need it."
"All right, fine. Let's get this stupid report over with."
"Ew, that is so gross, Lynch."
"All we'll do is get a lot of men needlessly killed."""
"Witches, too, my grandfather says."""
"She was like, ""Well, what about the girl rat?"
Shoot at the prawn!
Didn't they tell you back up off my shit?
And that's worse than taking money nobody gives a shit about.
It's mostly just junk that Wayne and that girl collected on their little tear.
"Yes, a scoundrel who breaks laws."
"Shit. - Lf you'll excuse me, I'm gonna order me some cheap cognac and put it in a fancy glass."
And she can share her pussy with everyone.
I just shot someone else.
It's because your breath smells like a dead man.
It is not - thank the Source - in your nature to kill.
Who the fuck put you in charge?
What the hell are you up to?
"Marcus, get this kid off me before he pisses on me."
That means you go the other way and cut him off.
I heard he spit the bullet back out with his mouth.
"But if that's true, why does this eat away at me every goddamn day?"
"The desert? Johnny, you been gone all goddamn day."
"Silly, isn't it?"
Sorry about your killer boss.
The really big fuckers.
"But from his profile, he was coming in to kill her with energy weapons."
"lan, if you're going to be in this family, l'il get you some ear plugs. The Portokalos women, if they're not nagging somebody, they die!"
That was my fuckin' sister!
Nurse.
Hope you all like goat.
That's crap. You're not identical.
Let him bleed.
Guys aren't supposed to be here without a goddamn escort!
"I really do. But, damn, do I wish you had been a better woman."
We have only four minutes left until your bomb goes off.
She's fucking here.
"What are you, a narc?"
"She is fun, 18 and looks innocent, but she's just a fucking junkie."
What the hell...??!
"What do you think this is, fucking hide-and-seek?"
"She ain't gonna bleed to death, man."
I wanted to leave home and spend ten years sitting in a swamp with a bunch of meat-headed morons.
Phantom captain!
The physical attraction. Sex.
"Suddenly he screamed at the crowd: ""Pigs!"
"Oh. The last thing I said to him was, ""Suck it."""
"Just wake me when we get to... Wherever you're taking me. Listen, you shit!"
"What a discovery, Colum-fucking-bus!"
"""Damn, look at the time!"
"It smells like burnt fucking hair, dude."
But even having a jerk as a younger brother is better than not having one at all.
My orders areto take these men alive.
"Corporal Strappi was a shouty man, but he was a damn political!"
"You look like hell, Booth."
"""find some women, drink them dry""?"
"I mean, when they call themselves non-profit, that means they got the money to get your ass out."
Do not have sex with the mother.
So maybe a witch can reverse the damage.
"There's young couples invest all their fucking hopes in that stuff, and all."
Harry felt thoroughly miserable.
"And tammy linnata. They swear they... ...They only had sexual relations once In his office, and she was never in the employ"
Give that girl a pint of blood on me.
"Hey, Kick-Ass!"
"Three parts humility, two parts lime, one part any other damn thing you can find."
I don't need you to tell me how fuckin' good my coffee is.
"What else could I expect from a bunch of low-rent, no-account hoodlums like you?"
We are going to beat them.
But not as much as I love pussy.
I should have finished him off.
I told you to get rid of that fucking piece.
"No, they were biters."
She... She friggin' did it...
You got to piss someone off to be tortured and stuck in a trunk.
Or it's interference from a gay weather balloon.
"Amerie kept expecting dinosaurs or winged reptiles to appear, knowing at the same time that the notion was idiotic."
Which is why I'm going to kill it.
You and your brother are scabs!
The best places to inject are the top of your thighs and the abdomen.
Who says you're a whore?
"You can't concentrate on anything else and it's ridiculous. ~ Yeah, no, it's..."
"I was with our son, cleaning up his adult-sized doody."
"But when you're fucked up, You're funny as shit. Come on, do it."
Don't you think that's a really stupid question these days?
So then why do you put up with her crap?
All these years... ...l was blinded by the bullshit that keeps people apart.
Don't you know Spock owes... Tarzan a shit load?
Get the fuck out of the car.
I found this fag on my own.
"Hey, let's show some French courage and beat up the corpse!"
Why would I give itto a vulgarian like you?
He cut off my fuckin' finger!
You do not stink as a father.
"Hey, Peter, I was going through your garbage, and I noticed your high-school reunion is coming up."
"Little itty-bitty pig, could you come here, please?"
But speaking of butts...
"'It makes me look like a twit, sarge.'"
I'll be torn to pieces by the wolves of the incident room.
You better get yourselves a damn good lawyer.
The mutants are evil.
"Shit, a heap. DUl, assaulting an officer, resisting arrest."
"You expect me to turn over 28,000 acres of the richest land... this side of the Valley Nile to a fool on a bottle?"
"I know it's a horrible thing to say, but I'd pay good money to see her eaten by a pack of wolves."
"Goddamn it, sarge."
Throw in the head!
"If a customer were to get stung, they would die."
"The Mary scene has gone as dry as her old, shriveled pussy, all right?"
Like a midget.
"We all know how The Sopranos ends, fools."
"It's not stupid, stan."
I'd like to touch you.
"Just not me, of course. You're like my little gay brother."
"Hey, man... park it in the garage on 14th Street, not the other shithole."
This guy gets death threats every day.
But he's a liar.
Maybe I'll get lucky and they'il rip him to....
"If we don't, they'il tear us to pieces."
He had to be dead before you could look like him.
"You know, big, huge, nasty guy sharks!"
"Of course, I may just decide to cripple you."
She waslike the worst first date ever.
"Now, you put your thumb up nice lady's butthole, or else, maybe you have an accident on set."
"Well, it chaps my ass to say this, but when you got lame horses, you put them down."
"Damn good to see you, Dutch."
"I mean, not talk to other people, because he's a dog, and he doesn't..."
"And now, I'm going to arrest all of you."
You treat me like a doormat!
"One third comes from hard work, two thirds from inheritance... ...interest on interest accumulatingto widows and idiot sons... ...and what I do:stock and real-estate speculation."
It's fuckin' dangerous.
"You don't give a damn about your brother, and you can't stand House."
Did you get some of that shit Tercel had today?
Are you considered very ugly on this planet?
Tommy Lee has a sex room.
You're a bad liar.
"Jimmy, shoot it!"
"So she beat the mother's ass to a pulp. Oh, you didn't want to call the police, or all the phones were broken?"
"It's just a fucking nightmare, right?"
"Hell will be a paradise compared to what my father has in store for you, Al Sa-Her."
"Archer, I s... The last thing you need right now is a big, shit-eating ""I told you so."""
You either accept that or I don’t want a goddamned thing to do with you anymore!
"All this girl-talk shit is politically incorrect, you know."
"How much longer am I going to have to wade through this kind of crap, what more do they want from me to prove my loyalty?"""
That shit ain't no joke.
"Yeah, and I could upgrade her Internet shit."
"You try until you convince me, anything to stop me from doing the stupidest thing in my life!"
Different fucking rules!
You look like your parrot died.
Are you nuts? I can't break a 100 bill.
"Open this door, you idiots!"
What the hell is going on?.
Which means our working theory sucks.
You are all not worthy.
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
"If my hands weren't tied by the fetters of the law, - I'd reach back to a purer justice and have you burned at the stake!"
"I just want to, for one night, pretend we're not busting our asses or... fighting a war."
"When the wolves, though when the real wolves... when the real wolves mate, do the dogs beat the bitches afterward?"
"Katya, if you're gonna be prima ballerina... get your ass to the stage."
"What are you, crazy?"
"You know, garbage and stuff."
I'm not paying one damn cent.
I can tell you're a good singer from your fat lips
Do I look like a damn ouija board to you?
You don't know shit yet.
Somebody wanted her dead.
"""Damn!"""
Yep. They bleed black goo.
She says all this stuff about ghosts is rubbish... and then she expects us... to believe everything written in the Bible.
You're not gonna go to hell.
I killed alisha.
"No, still shut up."
"'Dammit, man, I command you to give me your blasted boots!'"
Who the hell do you think you are?
What do you expect me to do? You want me to just sit back and watch while some jerk harasses you?
They enjoy themselves in stupidities.
I'm crying 'cause you're the f...
"What fucking ""rest""?"
If you snap shit and soldier like I know you can.... ....I'll forget about this.
Why didn't you take care of your goddamn oxygen?
Hurry! This shit is getting heavy.
Demon.
"Travis, I know that you asked a girl to marry you, and she said no, and that just really sucks, but you can't run away from your life."
I would like to see what he looks like so I can beat him up for you.
What the hell is Mrs B gonna say?
What the hell was he doing in Nevada?
"So most likely scenario, someone died bloody in the building... ...now he's back and raising hell."
Show me the fucking pictures!
Three more shots of crotch!
What in Hell is going on?
But the fool on the hill
"Instead, the two of you run off and make it about yourselves with your making out and your gross boob talk."
You are screwing him too.
I just wanted you to shut up for a little while.
"""Dick himself!"" was the response."
You look like a retard.
Now I get who the pig is.
They killed Viktor and now they're going to kill my Klaus.
"Bloody hell, you're a size, ain't you?"
You said they're all gonna burn.
And he jammed it in right through his skull and into his brain.
"Here, take my crazy doll, will you?"
We need a fucking mascot for the party.
"You want to be a bum, you can be a bum."
"All right, so Dr. Willet wasn't a fool,"
You're a dog.
"Steve, we have sex."
Idea of killing dinks excite you ?
"Just have to order the parts, which will take a day. Then you and me can send this guy... back to hell in a toaster."
"Anyway, some nights we'd be sitting around watching TV with the sound shut off and a record on the stereo, everyone stoned, people balling in the bedroom, maybe, and you wouldn't even know who the fuck everyone was."
"Cha Tae Shik, stay still..don't struggle, damn it."
We don't have money for a bitch who repelled to his friend.
She's always been a very aggressive litigator.
I will smash their walls to the ground.
He's going to be bloody!
You gonna trust some monkey in a Bahamian bank... with 20 million of your hard-earned dollars?
"I am the eyes and ears in here looking out for that bitch's affairs, not you!"
"Yo, every fucking poem Dylan Thomas wrote is about death, man."
Damn near broke his heart.
"As much regret results from selling a gladiator like Crixus, when the time arrives, and it fucking will for them all, it's a necessity that must be swallowed."
"You're in the ""reality sucks and fantasy temporarily appears to not suck"" business."
"Take it, stupid, I'm doing it for you."
Fuck you too.
"Fuck, yeah, I saw it."
Sex surrogates allot a certain number of visits.
That poor devil who couldn't get a job as an errand boy... even if he had the guts to try for it
Well moving to Chicago is pretty fucking dramatic to me.
"Hello, dirtballs."
So does that mean you're like gay or...
"There's a negro boy at the front door, asking to speak with you."
"If I'd known I was gonna have to put up with screaming brats pissing on my lap for 30 days out of the year, I would have killed myself a long time ago."
What the hell is going on?
I'm just a horrible human being.
They walk around in little shoes and shit.
And kept in this shithole in the dark!
Slit her wrists in her bathtub.
"Boy, damn."
"You're in deep shit, Johnny. If the cops pick you up, you're doing 25 to life."
I said stay the fuck away from the bar.
And his head shouldn't be on a stick in the middle of some filthy backstreet pawn shop.
You're the funniest girl I ever had sex with.
And she's having incredible sex in the middle of the day with her husband.
Where the fuck's Lerner?!
"Nah, 'cause you got them skinny-ass arms. You couldn't carry enough to feed a hamster."
"Conner was a lot of things, but he wasn't a fool."
"To Fitzcarraldo, the Conquistador of the Useless!"
These people in Richmond... Goddamn it!
A fucking Nigerian!
"Um, first and foremost, as your king, I promise to always shoot straight with ya."
Temptation sucks my soul
Ain't even my fucking brother.
You're the one who made me have the stupid party.
Eric is under the control of necromancers. He is a danger to everyone.
"You one book short of a library, you maggot?"
I'm fed up listening to you females... moaning about that Christmas garbage!
"Look, don't be a fucking hero man."
Asians are hilarious!
I go to different planets on this motherfucker.
It's a war for scum.
"I got to call the bank and say, ""Fuck you."""
"Oh, he's going to die."
"It never was happening now. And if it was happening now, how the fuck did you know?"
You stuck me with a fucking needle!
"The whores have a wholesome look, I questioned several, and I always had the feeling that they were laughing at me, Uncorrupted."
No point going through her bollocks if you don't have to.
I'm not gonna miss it just because some nitwit fell off her horse.
Get the fuck out.
"You know, you really are a front-running douche bag, you know that?"
"Look, I will take her even if he hangs!"
And if you don't let us in we'll have your guts for starters!'
It's my fucking Savile Row suit.
"""Put the poor bastards out of their misery,"" commanded Kozlowski."
"Hey, I ain't going in the fucking wardrobe."
"You ought to put up a banner, ""Frontera, Texas - Gateway to Inexpensive Pussy. """
As pornography or prostitution or something equally depraved.
Dirty bootheels clocking their way into the grave of the West.
I know you're partial to a bit of Black Cock.
What would I want with a traitor in my midst?
Look how fucking beautiful we are.
"In that sense, his employer was foolish."
"Krieger, those were shrinky dinks."
"If you're not a winner, you're a loser."
"Someday, Boyd will probably hit his kids."
"ApparentÉy, the poor sucker got mistaken for George KapÉan."
A friend at Battalion says they had every fucking foxhole fixed on it.
"So, rap or trance - you don't understand shit."
"I said, "" Damn... ...they'll look good on those beautiful ears."""
"""Dammit, you know."
We're just a bunch of hysterical bitches.
Or feel the sting of my shaft!
I know that - You put an entire special unit on a dead Latino priest and docked the team that could be solving the lynching of a black man?
Get the hell out of here!
"Yeah, I mean, I ...and I would do it, but last time I was in there, there was lots of ladies' things, and she's a slob."
"All right,queef sisters. It's time for your yearly pap smear and vag exam."
"Because when I got to that point, It felt fucking horrible"
"I know that, and the only reason you know that is because I gave a shit about this kid's life in the first place."
Dick! It was yours.
"I shared a cell with him for a whole year, 23 hours out the fucking day, right?"
And you're ... a fart.
'Did you know the tribesman?' he asked the whore.
"A priest is God's doing, a buffoon is the devil's."
Sick people wanted me.
Don't ever touch me! Max!
I don't give a damn about that ranch.
"Well, better that he should hate her."
"""Thank heavens he is such a bad liar... ...or I would have been most unjust to Mary Lee."""
The air stank of refuse and slop.
What if an angry faction of Somalis got wind of the deal and came looking for Durant to kill him?
Here. Will Holden ever fuck Alyssa?
"Tied him up, nearly punched his head off."
"Fuck no, but they still didn't pay."
I'm gonna throw you one down the middle.
Are yOu bullshitting me?
You need to concentrate on slapping the enemy!
"I'd be a fool not to realise how lucky I am... ..to be on this ship, serving with these people."
"Damn near burned down the building, Destroyed every file."
"If you don't get that platoon to move, you're all gonna be dead in ten minutes."
"Well, get baptized, then. I don't give a shit."
Fuck you. I was good. I was New England champ.
"If we burn it, the silly smoke will mellow out those guards."
"I'm a cop, you a drug trafficker."
"Shane, your mom cut herself with the cheese knife thingy."
Good job! Hooray for the pigs!
"You ready to answer my questions, Leon? fuck you!"
"If all I gave a fuck about was the watch, I should've told you,"
"""I don't see how a grown man like you can talk such nonsense all the time."
Help me cut her down!
"And why is that ? Oh, we've got a psychotic serial killer in the family, loves to butcher people on Halloween, and..."
My mother remained tolerant even as I left reeking little piles of doggerel lying around the house.
A fucking Long time.
"Why do not you say anything, bitch?"
"What the hell's wrong with you, Raylan?"
"But I'll still be ugly, though. Nothing's gonna change that. Shut up!"
"And then the corpses drove their cars home, idiot."
But I still hit her.
"Captain Picard,... ..are you going to let them kill me?"
"Now, if we are overrun... ...the last man alive will light this fuse... ...and stay with this wagon until it's blown to hell."
"Ya, he's got some good shit."
"I don't know how you stop yourself from smacking him, Mart."
Now we're fucking stuck here.
You killed all of my best men.
Thought you cut her off.
Don't be shitty.
Is that it? You're fucking her?
"I fucking baby-sit you like kids, and you're still shitting on me!"
"This maybe a silly question, Bud, but do you happen to have a gun in the store?"
I haven't seen you guys since you took me hunting for jackass-alope.
"And that she can suck it, because I am bringing my favorite son."
"Eww, so ugly."
"If you don't have insurance, I'm gonna rip your balls off."
"She's got two kids, and he flirts around with a gay make-up artist."
"It... it's going to take eight arns, minimum."
I'm fucking tired of this maggoty stench.
"I was sending in my tissue samples... ...he was replacing them with healthysamples, issuing the path reports... ...shit-canning my stuff."
Sex is a world apart. Like Greek or Math.
Keep shooting!
I feel I owe you a great fuck.
"There's a giant wounded alligator out there, not to mention a dangerous - eco-terrorist... - Holy shit, totally forgot about him."
"Though I would have preferred to see him properly hanged—or electrocuted, I suppose, over there.”"
"A con man, he has nothing to do with me."
"Shoot, Maggie!"
"""My skin itches,"" Gay said fretfully."
More than anything else these looked like the goddamn hands of the werewolf in The Howling!
How the hell are you?
"Damn, I'm not tying it well, it never comes out straight."
I begin to wonder if I mightn't be fucking queer.
And I was fuckin' pissed.
Because two heads are a lot fuckin' better than one head.
"I'm taking you off my buddy list, bitch!"
"It's a bullshit story, John."
"“I am a tranny, I just need a little more time to get acclimated."
You want me to fuckin' go?!
Live life to the fucking fullest. You know what I mean?
Son of a bitch at the station must have diluted the gas.
"A brand-new bathroom, cheaply but carefully fitted out in the way a pathetic house proud woman down on her luck in a trailer park would choose."
"There is certainly much evidence that past religions are, every day, lifting more and more of their ridiculous restrictions."
Here's a fuckin' crate. Let's just fuckin' go.
"Uhh...Like, uh, I don't want to screw you!"
"And then they watch him for a while and say, ""Shit, he really is decent and honest and fair and just, just like in all the stories."
"So if you are watching this now, it means you're in some fairly deep shit."
"I speak a little Mandarin, but you are fluent in the international language of bullshit!"
This stake must be driven through her.
You suck then we fuck you.
"But the rest were fakes, just like you, a man who claims to be a hero but is nothing more than a fraud with a cute little bod."
"You created me as the shrewish, Jewish hybrid... who goes offwith a patient."
I told you to shut up!
"Damn, why hasn't he picked up any of the propulsion people?"
You damn near killed that man's wife!
"Give me the money, and let me get the damn out of here."
Jessie? She ended up marrying some filthy-rich tycoon.
Yeah. Garbage truck almost ran over him this morning.
You preserve your dignity and die standing and they'll sing songs about you.
He held three dark steel balls in his gloved hand.
And he forces me to do the most inappropriate... fuck!
"You ever pick up this phone again, I'm gonna put blood on your hands, you got that?"
They would die just the same.
"Oh, no, you guys see why this sucks, right?"
"Dude, where the hell have you been?"
"I got an unknown number of suspects and an unknown number of hostages, and a bank, and about a million spectators, and I can't see shit inside there,"
"They were federal troops... commissioned by the traitor, Huerta."
Why don't you just give her some dynamite?
What's wrong with that fool?
"But you know me, nigga."
"When there is no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth."
"I was going to say, next time I'm in Chicago, you should come to my concert and we'll get a hotel room after, but for now, we should just have crazy sex."
I shouldn't even fucking be in here!
Aim for the throat.
"I heard if a mental person is rich enough, they just call him eccentric."
I knew that niggawould get his shit together.
"Okay, if you leave now, you can get there by lunchtime, mid-afternoon at the latest. Um, fuck."
You fall like a fatso.
"Yeah, someone holds a gun to your face that long..."
"We'll kill him first, and then have tea and biscuits."
How could you let him go you wanker?
"Your wonderful mother lets you smoke drugs, too."
That is one ugly Fuchste-whatever.
Rubbish! You've room for 20 more!
'With your own limousine and all kinds of other crap.'
"Mama, what do we need this crap for?"
"I was at the precinct, and I really had to use the john, and it's pretty filthy in there and I was in kind of a hurry... and I didn't have time to use one of those, you know, paper ass gaskets."
Only then did Lipton feel the pain in his crotch.
They will hang their husbands at noon.
I'll fight him.
"He murders a caricature of old William Cecil himself, and still whores it all the way to Westminster and back."
What the fuck is so hard about that?
Why the hell you disguised as a Roman?
"Magobei, don't kill her!"
"I hope they're enjoying the games, because soon enough they'll be dead because of them."
I didn't know the noun was mediocrity.
These fucks come here often?
Maybe she would find somebody to fuck her.
"And then, on top of all of that, the whole while they was being all like decent and shit, and you know that fucked me up."
I think Butch surprised his ass same as us.
"As soon as I send you back, I'm gonna haul my ass up to Maine, and I'm gonna be waiting there for you when you get topside."
Get off me!
"""There was grass and tourists with nuts and shit."
"Yes, stupidly."
"Actually, I'm talking to the asshole behind you."
"Let me eat. If I'm killed, it will end my suffering."
"You want to fucking leave, go for it. You want make a call..."
"Well, I know you didn't fuck him."
...and I shot him.
You don't know a damn thing about me.
So she broke it off with him. Fuck.
You shut up for a minute.
"You know, you don't have a goddamn clue how to live life!"
My ears are fucked.
I hate those peopleback there sucking on me.
It's your best friends in the whole fucking world!
"""Let deceitful lips be made dumb..."""
But the shit's gonna cost you... ...100.
"'Jesus, Kim, SHUT UP!'"
"and that, in fact, I was probably very scared... and was just resorting to macho bullshit like I'm programmed to."
'Are you bloody blind or what?'
I'm not going to feel A-Okay because I walked across some damn coals.
Idiot finish your bottle and get out
"Coach, no disrespect, but my dad, he didn't raise me to be no damn ballerina."
"She hates my guts, Tony."
I know. That's why I'm ducking you.
You can't dig out the truth and kill Laeddis at the same time.
We need to see him kill.
You're the first Asian I've seen that can't give a massage.
Except you can't fuckin' breathe!
"Look, I'm about sick of you running your little mouth off like you're in charge."
"I'm in no mood to be fucked with, so do yourself a favor-- There's an explanation for all this, David."
"""The Negroes are still in the Stone Age."
"I said, ""Hey, Cavanaugh, you speak to me like that again"" ""in front of my wife and kid, I will brush your teeth with a brick."""
"""What the fuck is this?"" said Shadow, aloud."
It's under control. -Fuck.
I would never have thought it possible that I might kill a man.
"Yeah, men are known to do stupid things when it comes to their ex-wives."
What the fuck's that about?
I hate them.
"You promised and you did it anyway, which makes you a liar."
Joel and Leon and my mom That judgmental bitch.
We've to burry her now.
That's bullshit. Why do you think Papa Smurf made her?
Got the black and white first then I switched to color before he had time to put on his fuckin' hat.
"Well, what's this ""strange"" bullshit all of a sudden?"
You gotta fucking sign.
You're a snob.
Shit! Stop him!
Damn. You think you scare me?
if I call you next December -- if I call you next December -- you're gonna be so happy to hear from me you're gonna do a goddamn backflip.
"I think I'd get along with dreadlocks over there, but... That one with the soccer ball looks like a douche. She's a functional alcoholic."
You like me because I'm a scoundrel.
None are below the minimum wage. Motherfuckers!
What kind of shit-for-brains agent gave you that advice?
I should've died at sea!
"""Fucking truss!"" he cried, then laughed-the sound was both desperate and amused."
"In that case,under all that garbage, had a note written by hand with the address for a hotel, date and time, and style Hunfrey Bogart."
"Pint of the black stuff, landlord."
"Don't say ""suck."""
Who the hell tipped them off?
"For you to say fucking ""glass""?"
"Wing may be a spoiled dandy, but he's an expert swordsman."
"Largeman, get the fuck in the pool."
"You…truly are…incorruptible, aren't you, huh?"
You frightened shit out of me.
"A man who owes me 9,000 as long as you owe Collier would be fed to my pigs."
"You're studying, then suddenly she wants to have sex with you."
"Yeah, they're all nuts."
"She's a piece of ass, that woman."
"Virgil, I'm telling you right now, we will fire Destiny, and we need to do so as quickly as possible, and if you're still there, you will be destroyed."
For a neurotic hypochondriac with panic atlacks... he was really uninhibited.
Fifty is a fuck you.
"If that's what happened, then Josey Wales must be dead."
"But those bitches wouldn't listen, so that's when I said,"
"Believe me, this ship will go to hell long before I let you take it anywhere."
"They're dead because you-- - What do you mean, you were raped?"
You better tell me the damn truth.
If I could have my way... you and all those like you... would hang in the public square... as an example to all the enemies of the state.
Get that gun out of my face right now. Gavin!
"On my mark, get the fuck out of that truck!"
I am useless with a capital Y.
Who the fuck are you?
Ten Years climbing the fucking walls.
"I swear to God, if he put as much effort into his job as he does into those idiot voicemails... and you say got this from a KGB sleeper?"
Then we'll say Holy Ghost killed him.
Pussy.
You Want to see What motherfucked looks like? Go see Marku.
"So, what the hell was that?"
"Man, there's not a year goes by... that I don't read about some escalator accident involving some bastard kid... that could've been easily avoided had some parent-- I don't care which one-- but some parent conditioned him to fear and respect that escalator!"
I'm gonna drag you and your dirty laundry out on the street.
"I'll tell you, Tyrone may be broke... ... and have a mouthful of gold, but he's a pipe-laying fool."
You should see what a.44 Magnum's gonna do to a woman's pussy.
"Clown-white faces, huge eyes, sharp teeth, forms that slipped from the shadows with long white hands that reached for . . . for . . ."
"Sorry,I can't hear you, cheater."
I'm not going to stand here... and let two dickheads from film school take it.
"We fought alongside the Brigante that day, and the coward-king Eldared."
I wanted good things for you. - The hell you did.
"'Everyone shut up,' said Conina firmly, 'and you, take us to Ankh-Morpork.'"
Why don't they just annihilate us and get it over with?
Shut up! You know why.
"One of these days, I'm gonna hang up my whoring shoes and go to Vegas."
"And they all said, Up your ass, Mr. Piazzi's dog don't bite, she never bit nobody, she wouldn't bite a baby that stuck its head down her throat."
I mean no 'cause fucking Bri has it.
Damn!
"Damn! - Kevin, these are my friends!"
I promised Beef one more show. - goddammit.
She's bitchin'.
You are a desperate fantasist.
"To go in there not ever having laid eyes on the area, hearing the stories about guys who'd gone prior to us getting fucked up down, you know, in areas where they literally shouldn't have been in."
Ridiculous... Dead end relationship!
"Just a loon, that's all."
It'd be a fucking genius.
Crazy shit.
I'll knock you off.
"She's a witch, she casts spells."
You know you have to kill ... To Kill dragons ...
"What, the crack about the breasts?"
Was Gandhi a pussy?
"Big boobs, small boobs, medium boobs, some boobs that were big, but kind of in a bad way."
"Stop it, jerk!"
don't be foolish.
"""If it's a tank, kill it."
Washington is full of corn-pone country pussy.
"This shit tight, huh?"
I don't want your goddamn money.
"I offered to snap his neck, put him out of his misery, but... he didn't take me up on it."
"If Jones and I aren't back here in 30 minutes in the mess... hurricane or nothin', you get in those escape bubbles and haul ass."
Throwing away a document that might be of significance to Tom and with him future generations of readers as the basis of a novel or indeed a trilogy was not an act he was so stupid to commit although he had to admit that in a moment of weakness he might have said he would
We can strike them at night.
"""He's a dirty fighter."" ""He causes all the world's violence and death."""
I wanted to hurt you. But my friend is desperate.
"I came to see you, fool."
It's this stupid letter.
"Naiim was dropped off by another local in Kalaygal who told us that he was bad and that he was working with Sadikula in the-- what the fuck is Sadikula in charge of, Rudy, the Mujahadeen?"
"Damn, why didn't you do it?"
"And then you'll be smoked by all the rappers... and make them do a whole lot of dumb shit... that fuck up their careers. Yes, you will."
You just keep doing the same shit to me over and over again!
You could choke me if you want. Just a little.
"If you wanna stay breathing, you better tell me, Melvin where the fuck she is and who the fuck, Melvin is the insidious mastermind behind this plot."
No. It needs some direct mental shock.
What the hell's that?
All day I thought the guysin the helicopter... ... were local cops busting my balls overLufthansa.
"If you got anything out of that fucking safe, we've got ten minutes."
A week ago I'd have kicked your butt out of here.
"That's great, but I'm dealing with the most ridiculous job in history."
She really needs some support... or a stranger's tongue down her throat.
"Cheswick! Goddamn it, I told you to... ...steer that boat straight!"
"Good morning, Stewie. **** you."
Then here's one. You stink of fear and that cheap lotion.
She's about to die.
"I thought only prostitutes attacked. Hey, look, has a gas station 1.6 km and there is secure."
"I'm this short, fat, insecure, middle-aged thing!"
You promise me you're not gonna fuck up this movie?
"Damn, I still don't see them."
"I came back in time to kill it, from the future."
I wish you'd finish me off.
You have no fucking right.
I'm fuckin' serious.
"Well, that was clearly the biggest goddamn mistake I've ever made."
You may want to shoot yourself halfway to Ohio.
"You may be immortal, Lorena, but you are dead to me."
"Now, your prints are gonna be all over this, Michael, but that's the only way you can save your job, you leaky fuck. - Don't make me do this."
Damn! So what's Taylor proposing?
Ridiculous. I've got a lot on me mind.
"The sport has a high mortality rate, And,uh,combative bitches won't breed without a fight."
You were on the damnphone the whole time!
I hope my father wipes them out.
"I was going to make tea, but I feel like I'd be swimming through JP's semen to get there."
"Well, I tied her up, fairly loosely, then... ...licked her down thereuntil she was done."
"""marry the beast."""
I'll find a sharp knife and fillet it for you.
"And with an ass like that, I bet you know what it's like To find the perfect pair of jeans, Jeans that make you feel like"
You are a little bratty.
You know damn well I'm in here for a murder I did not commit.
Stay still if you don't wanna die
Touch... touch nipples...
"if you don't like it here, piss off."
You'd have to chop my sisters up first and they're too much for you.
It's too damn much.
"No, but it's the same fucking ballpark."
I'm not the idiot who wrote it!
I'll squeeze that shit on good and tight for you okay?
"Your master only cares about war, he doesn't care who lives and dies. if you keep this up, you're a goner."
Do you wanna keep your dick or not?
Where the fuck is Travis Marshall?
"""Damn!"""
"Well, fuck him, if I have to help, I have to help rescue the blood."
I know you're a loser.
He's insane!
One of us will be a million dollars richer... ...and one will go to the gas chamber to hang.
"Maybe that's 'cause you weren't actually slinging as much bullshit as you thought. ""Get out there and play in the dirt""? I mean, what..."
"Shit ain't even loaded, man."
"Come on, don't bullshit a bullshitter."
"Yeah, bitch almost ruined my entire party."
Thankful to be out of that fucking house! - you showed trinity the monster in you.
Even the new mom wants you dead.
"I... I couldn't move I was in so much pain and I couldn't stop them... And they were laughing, and calling me stupid."
"It's assigned parking, but people park wherever they fucking please."
It's a goddamn tragedy.
You ain't holing up in our whorehouses anymore.
"""Boss, I never make fun of your bald head."""
"Chubby Dorit, the fat cow is his sister."
"It stinks, doesn't it?"
'Take aim - and shoot on my command!' shouted Bane.
You may not be able to fight like a samurai. But you can at least die like a samurai.
Basically suffocate them.
"OK, Andy, knock her out."
"Jeff Clark was sitting out there, nobody in the bleachers... ...no helicopters flying over, no cheering crowds... ...doing his shit by himself."
Are you here to tell me I must murder a queen?
I'm so dirty.
He's insane.
Why the fuck he need duct tape?
like maybe she's not such a fucking saint.
Did you ever fall asleep in the late afternoon and wake up after dark and you don't know what goddamn day it is?
'Cause I'd do you right now if society wasn't telling me that you're just an underpaid dork.
"Listen, you sawed-off little runt,... ..I want to know how many there are!"
I just want to know if I am going to have sex today or not.
I've helped you with your dickie bows and your dickie bladder...
"I'm saying looking out for him, and I've been thinking, like, if you were to get locked up for some shit, how'd it be for Bug, you know?"
You better hide that big-ass forehead.
You can't really leave a girl who bleeds all over you in front of a crowd of people.
Men are going to die in these conditions.
"Oh, no... (moans) - Damn, I always forget the little one."
Now put the gun on him.
He got some exercise. ...Dungeons & Dragons crap you ordered.
"Oh, shut up, Mother."
That's why you wanted her dead?
It was my prophecy to die for you.
"Stanton: Well, if you couldn't do that with your bullshit,"
Carry the bombs to the nose cone.
"No. If you don't open them yourself, I'll staple your eyelids to your forehead."
"Listen, mister, why do you choose my place to commit suicide?"
You kept dragging me up to your bedroom to have sex with me!
Go upstairs and make love to her.
No wonder you're lying and deceitful.
"You're gonna be in rehab for a couple weeks, be a sling, but you'll be good as new and ready to kick ass at ASU next year"
What the hell are you doing?!
Most of the people doing this are just weirdoes and nerds.
Are you sayin' Blain and Hawkins were killed by a fuckin' lizard?
I don't give a damn what he thinks.
"All over Derry, people who didn't give a shit one way or the other about the abortion issue (the vast majority, in other words) were sitting down to hot dinners."
What kind of idiot drinks decaf anyway? What is the point?
"DNA hybrids, I-- Goddamn it, I shouldn't talk here."
Now let’s go and see your dead wizard.
"Damn, that's weird, I was thinking about you."
Fucking get off me!
"Don't fuck on the roof, though."
Let's get this shit done.
He looked like a gangster.
So what if he didn't shoot him?
(Jack) And now a model from the Lucy Jones Modelling Agency... ...is going to pretend that she is Rabbi Baumel's governess... ...and she is going to spank the rabbi.
"I borrow money from you because you're the only jerk off around... that I could borrow money from without payin' back, right?"
And turn the bedroom floor into an amniotic Slip 'n Slide.
"Don't even tell me with the sun shining above you and after the shit we just went through, you're sitting here brooding over Eric."
"Then,why don't you pack up your nice, shiny tents and piss off back to the mainland?"
Some of the nastiest women I've ever met has been at church.
I cut your head out.
Can you believe this shit?
The white civilisation is destroyed.
"You 're such a liar, You... you 've only kissed one guy?"
"And Leonard's lactose intolerant, so he can't eat anything here without his intestines blowing up like a balloon animal."
"Yeah, but Aw, shit."
It was destined too that I should murder my father.
"She wants a real man, not some kind of a domesticated idiot."
Let me have your finger.
I thought you were at the fucking beach!
Hurray. I'm not a total fuck-up.
I did my first kill with him.
"Oh, yeah. She told me she had a boyfriend, too. When she was sucking my cock!"
It's a damn poor time for having an iron man contest!
I'm bored to hell here.
They're monster.
It's for you to shave your legs with.
"Step one, kill the lights."
You didn't tell me you touched her boob.
"Looking really, really dorky."
I'm gonna black and blue you!
Not in some bloody palace in London.
We were attacked by huge fucking howling things.
You poor stupid innocent.
I admit to killing the clerks.
Why are you always on the side of those fuckers?
"Or butchering them so badly, they cannot have children."
Hey motherfucker!
"I swear if I weren't your king, you'd have hit me already."
How about I do the trash and you make the call on the next stop?
"It's stupid, but I got scared."
I'm gonna tickle you.
"You know, I've been busting my ass... trying to track him down?"
"""Now scat!"""
I don't think I'll ever forgive him for reading me that crap out loud.
Get the hell out of there!
We had so many plans. - I hate you.
I hope I don't need a piss in this dress.
"I mean, you could call it trash, but that'd be kind of negative."
Keep your fucking hands where I can see them.
"Don't get me wrong, I'm bloody thrilled to be shot of her."
It's fucked up. Somebody inside knew the girl and called the family.
"He's a registered sex offender, lives across the street from Mrs Nelson."
"Cops and shit, I'm gone."
"You did that to him, damn you!"
Fucking sing.
"No, I'm packing up my own crap."
"Jesus, Caden, what the fuck?"
But you have to let him suck you on your neck whenever he wants.
"But don't go looking for me to bend the knee and ""My Lord"" you every time you take a shit."
You- I want more life. Fucker!
"The Cloaca was so called because of its cen­turies-old accumulation of shit, toxic sludge, dead animals, and PCBs."
"Five minutes, you rabbits."
I'll roll my own damn dice.
"Shit, they forgot this lottery ticket."
Hit me in the gut.
"I can't recall much after that because... since then... I've been blind, stinking DRUNK!"
You're nothing but a mercenary!
"Now I gotta call fucking New Orleans, tell them what a clusterfuck you got here."
Could he help his people by helping strangers to fight and kill them?
"You're both pussies, okay?"
"Get off me, man."
"Tomorrow you will be a poor Japanese worker, with humble Japanese wife."
If he's so much trouble... ...maybe you should just get rid of him.
He mutilated her.
Let the poisons and toxins burn a grave for you. . . . . .deep into the earthyou love so much!
It's a town full of nuts.
That sounds incredibly filthy.
"It's the first time I've ever been away for so long... ...and personally, I hope I never see you motherfuckers again."
I've never felt as alive as I did when I was killing him.
Anyone near it would probably have been killed.
"Yeah, I know all about the ""survive my sword"" prophecy, and I am here to tell you that I could really give a crap."
They're a freaking evil club-- try 666!
Why are you so freakishly..
I'll throw them all in a pit of lime!
"That's a ridiculous joke, boy."
"Wretched he was, his face bloodied, his clothes filthy with dust."
Then don't fucking tell her then.
"Kill my brother, walk around like they can't be touched."
Meemo. Tell woodhouse to buy newspap-- damn!
It's the coolest fucking name of all time.
"Come on, drink it, ass-hole."
Otherwise fucking everybody'd still be hugging you. Um...
"Oh, shit!"
You are a disgrace to the uniform!
"Yes, the kill chain."
"And he goes, ""You know you suck."""
"Though, in this instance, I'm glad the culprit is a slick road and not a foolish texting fatality."
"Wrong, being crazy drove him excluded."
"Matricide, patricide, infanticide, suicide."
Everything fucking shiny new.
Shit! I never called him back.
What the hell are you doing back?
What the hell are you doin'?
Because I am proud to bring Peackeeper protection to my backward ass little planet.
Are you ready to give up your home to a bunch of lunatics?
"Maybe she goes on Oprah, a fucking reality show..."
"They wanted to legalize us, first off, and secondly, they saw surveillance as necessary. Because people are basically incompetent."
She looked into the can and saw what Mr. Gaunt had told her she would see: a bundle of Gold Bond trading stamps and several fading photographs of a woman having sexual intercourse with a collie dog.
Will somebody tell me what the friggy fookshmeres going on?!
"So let's concentrate on robbery and murder and rape, and we'll get to the good samaritans after we're done with the jaywalkers."
"He put the tape on hard, to show that he meant business and that she would be foolish to resist."
I would proudly wear my Cardinal red and crush the lowly Pirates.
"Well, he's a big bag of dog."
"Shit, what's going on?"
"Stop being so modest and get your butt up here, Jake!"
How dare you serve these air-sucking intruders before us.
"I've told all of you, The human's air & water are so filthy."
Tell the fucking friends of mine to get out!
"Say they missed a pretty boy looking bastard, okay?"
"Oh, fuck! I don't wanna die."
"Unfortunately, refugees and the scum of Europe gravitated to Casablanca."
Rabbits have a nasty habit of running off.
"Oh, shit. This side."
Let's have sex. -No.
"I know that sounds really ridiculous, but the lady who's giving them to me is really amazing, and she just, like, fucking hates my guts, so it's the only time that she agreed..."
Your shit is dope!
You didn't take The Vagina Threat.
"I am not going to do great. It's a bad mistake, dumb idea."
"CHOAM is expecting us to find something much more extraordinary, though they seem happy enough to sell containers of 'genuine Rakian sand' to gullible fools."""
"That would be a suicide, it would kill my vibe instantly."
"So I can get out of here, and won't have to listen to this windbag."
"Someone comes along, fucks your wife."
He went into school with a gun and shot another kid in the stomach.
Here's my fucking reality!
"Come over here. You got five seconds before I drill your fucking skull into this table and then into the floor, you understand me?"
If it walks like a duck and it sounds like a duck... ...then the doctor of the duck is banging Zoe Hart.
"Chasing an errant swarm of bees is nothing to following a naked lunatic, when the fit of escaping is upon him!"
"Well, sue me for trying to put a goddamn roof over your head, jack."
Why don't we go and get rid of him?
I can't bear you when you're smug.
Fug you.
"He wore a pipeclayed leather belt and holster, the 45 automatic slung at full cock butt-forward at his left side."
Not a damn thing.
"Because, shit, someday it will be."
Fardling fools.«
"Everyone gathered here will eat the flesh of the pigs together, to honor our ancestors."
"They all take their fucking orders from you, Pyle."
God dammit! Let me go!
"Punching me, kicking me, slapping me."
They're poison.
Your friend's dead meat unless I get that continuum transfunctioner.
It's a sad fate indeed for those poor bastards.'
I know you're a liar but I can deal with that.
It's just pathetic.
And I'm gonna need everything you got on that strangling victim.
"I risk all to lure Varus to our house, only to find I am no longer the fucking master of it..."
I'm not a complete idiot.
And she comes out with this monster freaking snake.
We never should have left the goddamn beach.
You have all seen where a parasite rides on a man.
Only reason I tolerate it is 'cause the state pays me to house all these perverts.
He's got it in him to be a greater chief than Cochise or a worse devil than Geronimo.
"You're killing me here. I'm trying to leave you alone. I'm trying to get out of your freakin' life, but you're everywhere."
But they've both got jobs and they're so horny for me to have a career that they can't piss straight.
It's what you do... ...when you have a friend who's proud of something they really suck at.
"Shit, I just fell asleep!"
"And when your man hears that laughter, you'll wish you were long dead."
"But, look... Shoot."
"Seen through the glow of a building orgasm, a woman seems to blaze with angelic glory ... ..."
How can you use the evil bastard?
"Stian, fuck this."
Have I just killed my friends?
It means that I'm sitting alone in a room full of losers.
"Really, guys would like all women to just lay on the ground with their legs open... ...and we could just spray, like a mist."
S-Y is like these ugly things on my face.
Bullshit! This is Randy Weltzer's house.
Where the hell is that cold coming from?
You think they need another drug-dealing cop or do you think they need a fallen black hero?
I thinkwe got to give him blood.
You came to see if I'd kick if you killed Bernie.
"But there were never balls, and the Crofts are sure to have balls and invite the most eligible young naval officers."
I have killed.
Hit me. I'm pissed!
"Damn it, that's enough!"
"See, that's your trouble, you're a cynic."
"From his hands he washed every trace of the repugnant scent of the Gomangani, and from his face the blood of the kid."
"And I swear, anybody looks away for even a second, I'll make them wish they we're fucking aborted."
We're gonna do this shit on our own.
"And you, I don't wanna fuckin' die of old age before I get there."
"Gotta warn you, qualifying these days... bigger bitch than my third wife."
Lost in the fascinating world that is to kill a... Dribgnikcom!
"Dammit the hell, I don't know what to say."
Then you should also know that the last thing he needs right now is a sadistic father figure scarring the life out of him.
"Whatever, let's just shoot."
"Shit, that's all that's left."
Killed the officer and his five men outright.
"""You guys are dead,"" she says a second time."
Sammy... ...it's time for my shot.
It was fucking 60 Minutes Il.
I prefer to beonly slightly insane.
But I think she underestimated how much crap we wanted to forget.
I knew from the beginning I was only a piece of ass to him... ...but I thought if he got to know me he might see something more.
"God fucking dammit! As I was saying, if you were to see the Brittle Brothers again, you could recognize them?"
It's all nonsense!
"The morning papers, so I can read how they shot him down like a dog, the yellow murderers?"
"Donnie, your little friend is trying fuck me, you know that?"
Get off him!
"""I just want to make sure you're okay with this""? Damn it!"
I'm talkin' Springfield where nobody sucks.
You mean thugs like Max Hansen?
How old is their damn kid?
"For a man of the world, you're strangely naive."
"Yeah, anyway... ...I just wanted to take this moment to thank you for sending Laura Pickler to fuck me."
It's amazing what... perverts we've become in the past 9 years.
"Ford, what the hell are you doing?"
A savage man.
And half the people in this city won't be shit-scared just to walk down the street.
"Huh? - No, you're a fuckin' humanitarian!"
Like losing our car in a crap game?.
You gonna say a fucking word?
"Otherwise, three months, and they die."
What the fuck are you doing filming in our house?
It was a goddamn undercover cop.
What? Let his child die?
The human mouth is quite filthy.
Burn victims by the tree! I just found her!
You know... you always have to talk about cock and fucking and it's really disgusting.
William and Sintk whirled to see the fiendish countenance of a barrel-chested draconian in smelly armor.
"'All giggly, and I'm sat there with my boobs like something out of the National Geographic."
You don't make that rent so goddamn high.
"I'm either going to jail or hell,I can't decide which."
"Starving women, asking for bread. Up on Tamskaya Avenue, the pigs were eating, drinking and dancing."
Anything to take my mind off my junk.
How'd you fucking do that?
They were mad thick.
It's fuckin' hot for October.
Throw him down!
She's a drunk.
Pinkerton high has a strict zero-tolerance policy on drugs and that goes double zero tolerance for taking drugs in a freaking principal's office!
"They lashed themselves and one another in apparent agony and rapidly degenerated into stinking, lifeless slop."
"Um, loser, the least you can do is help me with the dishes."
"You want to hear about some job of mine, I want to see some goddamn hot chocolate."
I'll tell you whatever Fuck!
Shoot it?
"The misunderstood minority, that kind of bullshit."
Not some bullshit you think I want to hear.
"Hey, what the hell was that about?"
I want my Indian teeth rattle back.
"Hello, Mrs. Garrison-- Ass."
You really are a wayward son.
"Shit, come on."
He's the junk in my trunk.
"Si, just go outside, take your beating from a child like a man, and then we can all leave."
"She lunged for her dagger and sprang at the sorcerer, ramming her blade into his fat belly and ripping it up towards his lungs."
"Ooh, eh, she's never said fuck before, to me."
"You're not too old for a slap, you know!"
(STUTTERS) It's because I'm cursed.
Can't you see he's crazy?
"Why everyone you give a crap about walks away or is ripped from your world without warning, without reason, in convenience stores and plane crashes and podunk hospitals with podunk doctors who don't do what they are supposed to do, which is save people!"
"Look, I thought I was going to be the dumb one in this friendship, but clearly in this instance, you're the dumbass."
Stay away from this shit!
It's not crap!
You have somebody that just finds all the good-looking women and pokes them with a stick.
"Why can't you get fat or ugly or something, so I can stand it?"
"Go on, fuck off!"
"""Niley said they'd cut me open and make me eat my own intestines."
"Use the time to think up some other bullshit story in case one of them wakes up and sees her in the dooryard, pacing around in her wheelchair."
I sucked at math.
"Yeah, fuck me is right, eh?"
"Yeah, I think I got another shot at her and shit."
They were looking for suicide bombers.
Dirty I-raths! Leave and take your disease with you!
"Because, Mrs. Robinson, this is the sickest, most perverted thing that ever happened to me."
"Hey, everyone, fuckin' Aquaman is at my house!"
Sexual abuse.
"It doesn't matter, Paul, he told himself again and again in those last few days before the Royal coughed up first its t and then its e, the damned thing is almost done."
I want all you mothers off the street
If you take Brin she'il die.
"What'd he go and kill him for, then?"
But you know what the fuck we found out when we got there?
"In the cabin. I heard these voices shouting... ...so I went down to see what was going on... ...and there was this guy sitting there, like some crazy man."
"#Private detective, or dick."
Johnny! Get off me!
Throw him in jail and get a doctor.
"Listen, this Veronica Dexter business stinks."
Fucking machines is more about performance.
"Hey, Peter, you wanted me to watch the entire first season of True Blood and come show you where there was boob?"
"This one bloke walks into the bank with a portable phone,.. ,.he gives the phone to the teller, the bloke on the other end says,.. .,""Give this guy all your money or we'Il kill his girl,"", - Well?"
You got some balls. You should be paying us to stand here.
"You know, you're just dodgy enough to try anything."
What the fuck do you thinkthis is about!?
Ignore her. She's on acid.
"Well, he's wearing a vest and Starsky and Hutch here are watching him like a couple of hawks... gay hawks."
"'How black's that, then?' he said."
My neighbor's a complete ass...
white people.
"You move, I'll take your head off."
You think I'm a bastard. I'd even be a socialist... if socialists believed in God.
"Now, please stop acting like such a fucking ingenue... ...and try to get me a meeting with Hani Salaam. Thanks."
It's not fair. Everyone except me is a transvestite.
I don't care what she said! You both tried to kill me.
What are you so fucking afraid of?
Destroyer.
I don't wanna hear about that shit right now.
Running away with their cocks between their cheeks.
Why can't your stupid friend do that?
This story sucks.
"He's all bloody and seems like he'll cry any second, but the boy's keeping his mouth shut. Shut up!!!"
To make him the best damn cup of coffee he's ever had.
He ran through one of our houses and started all this shit.
It finally has balls.
"Yeah, biology sucks sometimes."
Allah Give me a man to tear apart.
"""I know I frown at you and punch you a lot,"
Those drugs will kill hundreds.
What a fucking job.
Get him in the coffin.
The French don't give a damn what the Russians do in Cuba.
These damn kids today... ...don't even know how to get low.
This damn suit is gon' drive me crazy.
"You know you're nuts, right?"
You will shit in your pants.
Who made this crappy cake anyway?
"For God's sake, get out of that fucking hoveland take my office."
"It doesn't have to be a rock, you can write a damn note."
This isn't horny Patty.
"Fucking Addams Family, right?"
"Goddamn, will you put on some pants?"
"I guess it's better to know it sucks now, than working on it for two years and then realising it sucks."
What the hell are you doing?
I got the balls - and I got a gun.
"Yo, That was some fucking true lceman shit you pulled last night."
"Fucking chrissake, it's cold out. I don't even have a winter coat."
Are you shitting me?'
"But in the end, it was Duddits who broke the little gray son of a bitch."
"Trite, rhetorical... ...clichéd, inane."
"Jeez, Deb, where the hell do you keep your gun?"
"""I only met her after she was raped."
"Ridiculous number of piercings in his right ear, including a Gothic cross."
"Poor, poor Denesa, everyone said of this murderous maternal creature with blood on her teeth."
Do you know why I'm a scoundrel?
Sounds like the ramblings of a lunatic 'neath the full moon.
He had almost reached the lecture dome when something like a large black butterfly settled on his rump.
How dare you shoot... ...at my... ...wife!
"You know, like I said: Shit happens."
"Howie, what's got two thumbs and just bought a bloody house for a joke?"
I think he wants to die.
You smell like... conniving.
"Fucking right, I'm right."
What the fuck was she doing walking in the middle of the road?
My Suburban shit one of these last night.
I just wanted to know if you can tell me where Christina Marino is. You think I'm stupid?
But who gives a shit?
"It's a treacherous game you're playing, my little idiot."
How are the Plattsburg pussies?
"We make ourselves scarce and we hope and we pray that the ""12 Days of Christmas"" song is bullshit."
The kill shot.
Get in his face.
"like being cheer bitch, but sadly, while my heart was in college, my head was stuck in high school, and my face was target practice."
"You're blind, all of you!"
Open that door and we'il all die!
I want you out of here. -Fuck you.
"See, some poor sucker had to die to make that more than zero."
Damn near cost me my commission.
Damn it. I led him right to Deckard.
"Now, you were out on the road hunting for your own death, and I know where it awaits you."
"True priests are those of us who protect the innocent... ...fight injustice, hypocrisy and filthy lucre"
AMBER: That rabbit of yours is on the phone again.
And why are men such fools they will not realize the wisdom that is hidden behind those strange eyes?
She could just kill the talks quietly.
"I mean, so we're both screwed up."
"She's glum, she's fucked off."
"If you're wrong, it's your ass."
Now watch what I will do to your head.
"""Men are so easily manipulated by sex,"" Bushka sneered."
I'm in on this shit.
"You can't fight every fucking battle, right?"
Who wants to see me do a big-ass stunt?
He kill people for money.
Yes? Get off me.
"Son of a bitch. comeon, I'll buy you a drink."
"Look, if you wanna see them again, you're gonna come over here and help me move his goddamn arms."
"""Poor girl, better for her to be dead,"" he murmured."
The English are bad losers and flaunters of international law.
"I gotta suck my fucking soul in, put a smile on my face."
"But still, he was a blood sucking corpse, no matter what he looked like."
"Yeah, well, at least I won't have to put up With your drivel anymore."
Stupid Damsel in Distress Syndrome.
The penalty for that is death.
This is how they will die.
"If your ass was the Chicago Cubbies, he'd be every other team in the National League."
"Limón, she make me crazy."
"There's another bedtime story for a stormy night... I can see you in bed with your arm around your little boy saying, 'Buster, Daddy wants to tell you how he put the nasty queer man's eye out...'"
Okay. Go tell our human pincushion we'll be sticking him one more time.
Just have sex with me.
"Everyone saw me as a slut, and now I'm this radical virgin who can't wear a pair of leather pants."
"What's up, noodle dicks?"
He will be lashed with the electric wire cable!
"When I start shooting, you run like hell and don't look back."
What the fuck is a microwave?
And as civilised men we shall die.
"Technically, we should be in the bloody pub."
Get out of my fucking way.
I... married a... truly awful girl.
Stop acting like a baby.
"If there's one thing I know, - it's monkey business."
Let's put them out of their misery.
Did you just spank me?
"They have our asses, is what they have, man."
"""You killed him while he was jerking himself off?"""
You're just crawling on your belly while teenagers shoot blanks over your head.
I would shout his praise to the fucking heavens.
Get rid of him!
They'll tear him to pieces.
They're waging a goddamn P.R. Campaign.
I want you to get your hands dirty. To go against your family.
Darn it all!
I am not your niggard!
"This perp is dead set on putting you in the middle of this shit, whether we like it or not."
"They're scum, Colonel."
"Shut up, all of youse!"
"'Oh, Tani, you have gone mad!"
And how that guy you saw was gonna kill her.
Didn't you hear a damn word I said ?
"And I know that sounds stupid, it's only been five days, but it's true."
"Apparently, the poor monarch is quite mad."
That bastard isn't coming back... He isn't coming back!
"Chris, I don't have the ring, and I've grown tired of this silly game."
Are you attracting lesbian vampires? What?
"Dad, he's gonna shoot!"
What's it like to stare into the eye of Satan's butthole?
"""Jews start all wars."""
Darn this smoke!
"All right then, shithead ..."
Why are all these naked ladies wearing flags and why do they smell like doody?
"I don't really give a shit what your boys drink, especially since I spent all my tip money on this, and I know I ain't going to see a dime from it."
"Take it easy, Dog. He's dead ahead of yo."
"No, don't shoot him."
"If shecroaks, I'm a fucking grease spot."
I think I work better on women I've screwed.
"But I love his big, fat..."
Like dumb. I'm smart and I want respect!
The grown ups who send these kids to rob should be jailed !
Split wide open... ...from the crotch to the knee.
They're incompetent.
"Before I shout your name out loud in the street and fetch the bloody mob, tell me what do you want?"
How the hell would he know?
He's a thug.
What kind of shit do you talk?
I told you I couldn't bring it to the fucking feds.
"Yes, not very fuckable, is he? Screw him."
This is bullshit !
The only stupid thing that I did was not changing the alarm code after I kicked your ass out of here.
Find them and get rid of them.
You should be able to recognize a rectum by now. You're better than that.
"""Shut up, you two,"" said Wood."
She fucks like an animal.
Why the fuck didn't you tell me that?
I'll deal with those idiots.
"Hey, why don't you guys take dick Cheney with you?"
"I'll see you in court, sweet tits."
I want to sell you some pure fucking scag!
"Sat the whole fuckin' day with the dictionary, and not the Merriam-Webster, the motherfuckin' O. E. D."
Turn the shit off.
Black tongue.
"Fuck's sake, man! Have you ever heard of a hangover? - Where is she?"
To cocks and balls.
Are you marrying some Nazi?
"Yes, sir. Why would a college boy dirty his hands as a filthy roustabout?"
"Thank you. And yes, it is too slutty!"
Where'd you get that shit?
There's just a succession of mass murderers and common thugs who relied on me for care and feeding.
At least they'll know who they're fucking with.
"""That's just it; the murderer must have been there and bolted himself in; and they'd have caught him for a certainty if Koch had not been an ass and gone to look for the porter too."
"I'm here for a warm-up, throw a few punches, a low kick, a ki-kick..."
"That sucks, Daria!"
"No, you're absolutely brave. I'm an idiot."
Goddammit!
"You skated, you fucks and you're fucking happy."
Fuck ! What's so funny ?
"Somebody should write a fucking book, that's for sure."
What kind of sick joke is this?
"If you do, professor, and I am as fond of you as a brother... ...I'll be compelled to knock you down."
"Burn the kitchen, free the slaves."
"I know I told you this already, but it's just a matter of time before he blows up the whole fuckin' neighborhood."
"Bloody hell, woman."
You are useless you...
"His right hand stroked the skin of her shoulder and arm, moving down until his forearm brushed across her nipple."
Since Victor Blake said tea is for losers.
I'm tired of fucking around.
"""Heading to cut her off."""
What's withthe way you fucking talk?
"""Shut up, Jesse!"" my mother cried, landing the back of her hand stingingly on my mouth."
What the heck.
"""The bastard opened it,"" Stone said."
"""Females should be docile."""
I'm sorry. Please cut me down.
Which idiot are you?
Or maybe your balls got longer.
I wouldn't be surprised if your Dad made a racist comment!
"I was out of cigarettes, so there I am on my hands and knees, picking through the trash for a butt big enough to light."
"Fuck, man. Gotta do it faster."
"Look, Eddie Tuttle is the goddamn senator of this state."
"If he'd gotten the information from Chaz, he might have blown it off as the bullshit of an amateur."
This brownie is fucking beautiful.
Are you fucking kidding me?
"Shit, I'd love to, but... I haven't been on stage in 15 years."
Lanky four-eyed twat?
"No, I mean, changing your religion just for the sake of the family. Oh devil, take the family."
"This nutcase would not be her daughter's penfriend, she thought."
Well fuck that! Nobody puts baby in a corner!
"Hey, freak!"
It's got to be difficult to deal with a woman who has sex with another man right in front of you.
Fuck! Now I'm dead.
"The point is both of these women believe that this rat is a reincarnated man, and you have to honor that."
Talking here about department heads and their names and shit.
"Can't get a word of sense out of anyone at the zoo, and then you go and bloody disappear!"
I didn't fucking try and kill myself.
I've got fucking problems.
What's the fuckin' world coming to?
"You found us, slap cocks."
"Well, when you got responsibilities, you just can't pick up and fuck off around the world for new experiences."
"It's my world, you can't have it It's my world, you can't have it It's my world, you can't have it It's my world, my world You can't have it Sucker!"
There will be no goddamn consulting.
You look white trash enough to be Kid Rock's mom.
"If you stay and we continue to do this... ...sooner or later, both of us will probably wind up dead."
Zoey could certainly believe one of these is her bully.
"To be truthful with you,I had to admire this fucking guy."
You're trying to get me to admit to loving you because you're too much of an insecure pussy to just come out and admit it.
Beat his own wife to death.
"Wait a minute,I didn't know anything about how much... - Shit!"
When they've killed off your whole bloodline...
"""My plan was to have you tried in secret by the IF and executed."
A jerk who's hounded me for months.
"Pay attention, because it might be complicated for your California pea-sized brain to understand."
Because if they chopped off the hand of every guy who tried that with a stripper half the men in Wichita would be wearing hooks.
"We're gonna die, y'all."
"The Nazi seemed stunned for a moment, then muttered, ""Not that it matters to the four of you -- but I see why you decided to kill me."
Bite me.
It's pathetic.We have to do something.
"She could be dead, Miles. Shut up."
The guy's a Hostile.
Where the hell are you?
Get off him!
"Damn you all!"" snapped Razumihin, and suddenly bursting out laughing himself, he went up to Porfiry with a more cheerful face as though nothing had happened."
"We got a shit mission with lousy information, and we still found him and stopped him."
Destroy all Neuters!
Shit-- look-- this is the watch that my wife gave me on my 40th.
You clubbed her and left her there.
She's my ticket out of this dump.
They might have hired those ill-fitting clown suits at a costumer's.
Then grab a gun and cover that winder!
"""Who the hell's this Smith?"""
"Coming up to you on the street like that, that was a stupid move."
Listen to this crap.
A child with a nasty birthmark like you was a godsend.
"Any fool with a dick can make a baby, but only a real man can raise his kids."
Why don't you buy the little fucker a dummy or something? Shut it up!
"He had tried to blow out his brains, but he had only succeeded in shattering his lower jaw."
"I mean,it's bad enough you're sleeping with this loser."
I had to be like Aldrich fucking Ames to make this tape.
And you give your buddy a blowjob.
"Well, you're just a pussy with a whistle!"
"He's banging this girl so fuckin' hard, he breaks the fuckin' toilet!"
I want you inside of me.
"When he says ""vagina"", he means your face."
"My God, you jerk, your sister just died."
"Well, that narrows it down to something personal and stupid."
I'm gonna go home and have a heart attack.
"Go for the face or balls,don't waste time."
"Steve, you don't know how... how glad I am to be done with all the father-son crap."
Fuckin' shame it's all gonna be for U-Turn.
"Okay, let's shoot."
I hope this latest information dies in your hands.
"If they're not right on your ass now, they will be soon."
"Within him, the vampire seed had found a resting place in his chest cavity."
Tell these thugs to go back to the north.
That's not just your fucking pal.
"Yeah, unless they suck."
We still have a traitor roaming the streets of Charleston.
Liar.! - I pay for it.
"No, you shit! You live up here in this ivory tower!"
"'And later, when I've parked up the old Samothraki and I'm wondering what the bloody fuck, I get this message saying we'll meet here instead, tonight!"
You were busy killing ten of my men.
"We just wasted his partner here, and he's wearing a bullet."
Cyclops just scorched Witch Bitch with a laser beam!
"Will you stand upon your legs, you young devil?"""
"I don't owe him shit. So, do you think that you could forget about him just long enough that we could get back to what we were doing when he interrupted us?"
He doesn't even know who the hell I am.
"Morally ambiguous, my butt."
"Shit, four years."
"What are the fucking odds, you got an italian guy from Miami, knowing Arabic."
Demon...
"There was spittle on his lips now, a look of insanity in his eyes."
I have not fucked with Ryan.
"People with breeding, when they're bored and want my bridge club chums to go home, they do not play ""Popeye the Sailor Man"" with a kazoo inserted between their buttocks."
"Shit, I haven't enough cash."
"Chris, where the fuck are you, man?"
After 500 push-ups you've done I'll hurt more than the head.
"Oh, I'm white trash, and I'm in trouble."
You getting in or you're gonna stand there with your asses hanging out?
Shoot that cop.
"You know, the thing I hate the most in the whole world is a jealous female... ...and that's what I was becoming."
"this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of -1.21 gigawatts!"
I see Bud because he makes me feel like Lynn Bracken... ...and not some Veronica Lake look-alike who fucks for money.
Tell them to torture any vampire they see.
Don't be so childish.
"Kill the alarm, get it on the road in 90 seconds."
Thought his filthy creation was gonna be watching us.
"Bug's-asshole glasses or not, driving at night fried her nerves, and that was apt to bring on a migraine."
"You wanna go crazy, dude?"
"Estraven asleep looked a little stupid, like everyone asleep: a round, strong face, relaxed and remote, small drops of sweat on the upper lip and over the heavy eyebrows."
"What are you doing with that knucklehead, anyway?"
These men are convicted killers and fugitives.
How many time did he cum?
"Pinocchio wasn't the puppet master, Mike. He was the puppet."
"Okay, kids, let's suck the fat out of Mr. Gross."
That was some religious nutcase screwing with your mother's head!
I'm making a fucking convertible.
"What the fuck, Carrie?"
"Yeah, I'm alive and I'm bleeding like a pig."
"Got a minute to pull the hook of her stomach and open the device, or 4 cuttings will come in her throat, silencing her forever."
Who's afraid of a little booger?
This is the best sex I ever had.
"Sure, the stocks rose, but who wants to do all that work for a shitty little uptake?"
"Oh, fuck, you scared me."
"We could do something by getting our asses back to the hotel, which is in the other direction!"
Ray laughs like hell and tells me to get the fuck out of his office.
Don't ever disrespect me or your mother again.
Who in the hell stuck a quarter in you?
You were gunning for this guy Simon like he'd screwed your wife or something.
The pigs in our farm... each has give breed to 20 or more piggies.
How can we say goodbye with these bastards watching?
"Phen-phen kills people, Mom."
None of your bloody business.
Some of ‘em are so rotten with age and you can fall and break your neck.
"You scream, you die."
Don't get any foolish ideas that magic will solve all your problems.
How the hell did you lose your sch... Shh!
Why don't you suck it up and get your shit together?
Good luck closing the gates to hell... without this.
"Don't tell me what I should do, dammit!"
She let me knock off a rubber nose from her face with a knife.
You spit on us!
I should be very mad at you.
"Oh, holy crap. How could I have missed that?"
is Adebisi giving you shit about going to school?
...they're already inside and I fucking... - Yo!
I'm gonna scrub this virus from the face of the Earth.
How'd they get so damned close?
"Peaches owns the house, she would have kicked my ass out."
And suck?
He told me that I was a fool. I wouldn't do better.
Who the fuck is you talking to?
"You know, if you want, you could slip a finger up my arse?"
And that's our bread and butter they're fucking with.
Why don't you and your deadbeat husband mind your own fucking business?
You've turned into a right sexy wee bastard.
You're r¡ght.
"These, and countless other examples, not only depict man's devils as animals, but also show his need to sacrifice the original animal gods and demote them to his devils."
"Oh, God. Dick, I'm very disappointed."
"You two, lady-fingered girly hands, take stick and bird. Go."
"But don't you come at me again, or I will hurt you bad."
"No, all you'll do is teach me to make up stupid stories and pretend that things aren't happening until..."
I don't want these guys crawling up my ass.
The African sow pig?
"But some day, somewhere, someone may find out the damn truth."
"I fucked it up, didn't I?"
And what the fuck is up with your white knight?
"If you don't get out of here right now, I'm gonna ground you."
"That's what gave Jackie the cancer, God rest his soul. ""Boss."" Fuck it, who needs it?"
You called to give me shit?
These Americans are ruthless.
"You fucking killed him, didn't you?"
"Meanwhile, Samantha went shopping, nipples blazing... and picked up a '94 cabernet and an '84 Harvard MBA."
"Yeah, get a job, losers!"
She is a demon!
You should be bloody minding the other seven.
Touching words with my sword at your throat.
Bumping uglies with an old man who body-jumped into a vampire... ...is the closest you've been to a relationship in years.
"I've got pride, I just know when to fucking swallow it."
She's got a blood clot in her brain.
"I know it sounds sappy, but damn it, it's true."
And now we're supposed to give up a perfectly good party night drooling over him and listening to shitty music.
"Shit, that's a nest of rebels."
"There was a grinding pain in my stomach, as if some whirlpool there were sucking my insides into itself."
The fuck's he doing here?
Maybe then we'll believe your bullshit.
I think I know who I had sex with.
It's usually me picking my butt up off the mat.
Cut me up like your sister did?
"Tee, come put Satan in the barn."
"Oh, shit."
Forget your fucking hat!
The idea of slaughtering Americans... ...it just turns my stomach.
I'm so hungry I could eat the ass off a dead rhino.
"JjangGa, my ass!"
I left him on aisle nine with that MILF.
"Oh, rubbish!"
"If that tape comes out, how long do you think the media's gonna wait before throwing these on the sexual bonfire?"
"You've got until 6 p.m. to execute them,or I execute her."
It was bob... that pervert?
We are not leaving this intercom. Until Sarah herself confirms that she is shitcanning Tom!
He's incredibly sick.
Aiden Galvin from his prison wagon and set him to kill Knightly.
"Like your lovely concubines here with their talismans, worn, no doubt, to protect them from us foreign devils."
Doing a sociological study on scumbuckets like you?
I'd die for you.
We're up 22% in a shitbag economy.
Huh? What are you doing in this crappy seat?
Or what about the time you and that pain in my ass from Mossad got my informant killed in a fiery explosion? We don't play this game.
"So I'm gonna take another five goddamn seconds out of my incredibly valuable time, and I'm gonna ask you again..."
I'm sorry? I'm just trying to say you too damn skinny.
And the boobs?
"Honestly, Kate, this place smells like rhinos."
I used it to cure your daughter.
That's why he's such a sissy.
"""Bo, he's a plumb dandy,"" said Roy."
Shits himself when you put him in the ring.
What the hell do you want?
"I know it sounds dumb, but I'm not crazy."
You're too damn young to be a doctor.
And we had to go to hell and back to get here.
Devdas Mukherjee - Are you insane?
People don't want to know that we gret having sex.
"HTLV-1, which our patient contracted through having sex with his wife."
"One of my fucking favorite, OK?"
"Yeah, I suppose I want to bang all the hotties, too."
I go where I damn well please.
I fucked up Micro.
Drop the damn weapon!
"Soldier's straps is not for holding the balls, warrior."
A mass murderer.
He's a plague!
"For the first time in his damned life, J.R. was the lesser of two evils."
"The American shambled a little, like an ape, and wore a black eyepatch over his right eye; in his right hand he carried a smart black briefcase, hopefully full of money."
A challenge? She's a pain in the butt.
My father is gonna beat the shit out of me with his bare hands.
And why do you even care what happens to monster like me?
Kid? - Scum...
"Burn me a good, thick one, Pete, meat and potatoes."
"No, no, no. Bill, please, don't you go into a coma on me again."
"Two bloody maries, please."
"Great. So we're not fucking going anywhere, are we?"
I thought... you were too screwed up to love anyone.
Crazy son-of-a-bitch
Taping a fucking sheet of plastic around a poor guy's head?
What the hell?
I cannot be texting secret messages while I am surrounded by the fucking Joint Chiefs!
"You earned it, ass-brain."
Now what the hell is he doing?
Go to the map but hang.
If what you're saying is true... ...and Hagen Pope is the bastard son of John Putnam... ...then the fifth bloodline in the Covenant didn't end in Salem.
"Why should we leave all the gains to the gluttons, knaves and imposters?"
These satyrs carry a rod which points...
I wish his rat would have did the same.
"Man, if you don't get your ass outta bed..."
"Don't be an idiot, come back here."
"We're not gonna go see motherfucker Jones, because we're not gonna ""kid-nape"" anyone."
You kill them?
"Like, ""oh, dear Christ. Grandma's got fucking restless leg syndrome."
"The people who did this, they probably from the same shitty-ass streets we from."
You're better off fainting.
Abner was sorry for dragging me all over this earth... ...looking for his little bits of junk.
"I hate having you here, making my life miserable but don't want to lose you to some bug."
How long is... your cock?
SHUT UP!
"I've been standing on one leg for three damn years, waiting for God to do me a favor."
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
"And then he confronts them in a jealous rage, and they kill him."
Getting hit in the face with a dodgeball.
Shut it off.
I've become a nag.
Bit of a lunatic.
I know he's fucking playing me.
But I'm the only one with the balls to show them lice who's boss.
"The situation grows worse when she meets Luis Martinez, a mediocre and cowardly bullfighter with whom she falls in love."
Now there's a fucking joke.
"Look, all I have to do is beat him at something and make sure Jenna's there to see him lose his shit."
"They hung him in a cottonwood south of the Shonkin Sag, by the neck, until dead."
"So, Mason, last Wednesday night, uh, were you out, uh, drifting around like the trash you are, or were you here working?"
But I have to tell you that it was a real pleasure to see someone tell that arrogant devil where to get off.
Well... it's a hot goddamned day.
"If I want to play with a prick, I'll play with my own!"
"Holy crap, are you connected to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory? Yes."
"Rips their organs right out of their bodies, puts them in a little birdie pantry and eats them later."
The god of rock... and cock.
"Because what I was gonna say is, uh, I never do this, but I could tell all the way from the other end of the bar that your personality sucks."
Pelé and - Who the shit is Kingsley Zissou?
I am the fucking bad man!
"""Another one of Stragen's foolish ideas,' Tel snorted."
I told you that you're an alien.
It's a professional term we man-whores use to describe our he-pussy.
"What are you doing here, traitor?"
"I was wondering what we'll do with his crappy bed, dresser and nightstand."
But any man would I'm sure help a... suffering bitch.
I don't think he likes me now! And I don't want to go out with the biggest loser in England!
The DA wants to kick him.
"If you could cure cancer by killing one person, wouldn't you?"
"Take your pick. You're a professional... paid to kill Denise Baines, and this place is your money drop."
He's a dead ringer for me.
A nigga from Memphis Dealin' with life as a struggle
And we can talk to our planes... and those bastards who did this will never know!
Consider him roasted!
Think I had time to listen to him go for 20 minutes About the damn temperature in the o.R.?
"Shit, they got the whole Eastern seaboard."
"Oh, my God, that sucks!"
"I was going to tell you, but then I remembered... you're the rat!"
With big-ass spears!
I said drink that shit!
He just wanted to feel your boobs.
Who would kill Driggs for his stuff and then turn around and throw it into a Dumpster?
You smell like smoke.
who's an Apache. - Shut up.
Dammit!
A nigger band in first class...
I'm a teenage paedo.
It's my stupid back.
You're fucking fired!
"Once she starts thinking about birthday cake, she's basically useless until she eats birthday cake."
Didn't have to say a damn word to me.
I'm taking your friend's bike and you guys are gonna hit the road and go back to wherever the hell it is that you came from.
She's nuts. Because she wouldn't sell to you?
You want to tell me that some illiterate voodoo slave girl gave me my crown?
What the hell is he talking about?
"In my capacity as asshole, I am promoting you to vice president of business affairs."
And now he's some fuckin' martyr god now that he's dead.
Jenkins will kill that boy.
You are nothing!
"You make it damn clear that it may be a military facility, but we have custody."
"What are you gonna do, Annie, shoot me again?"
"There's a whole world of vagina life out there, Which I find thrilling."
I smothered her to death.
"""That's damn close to the hyb tanks."""
Aunt Linda is so retarded. No wonder she doesn't have kids.
"And when art lies, it becomes worthless, so I gotta keep telling the truth even if it scares the shit outta me, like it scares the shit outta you."
In lieu of flowers please beat yourselves in the face with rusty chains.
Shit. This train's had it.
"For fuck's sake, Dad. Listen to what she's saying."
"Parisians seemed to shit more than other humans, or perhaps the garlic in their food made it seem that way—in any case Jack was glad when he got clear of those rank vegetable-fields and entered into the suburbs: endless warrens of straw-roofed huts crowded with misplaced country folk, burning whatever sticks and debris they could rake together to cook their food and ward off the autumn chill, and publicly suffering from various picturesque ailments."
"It smelled like puke... and it was so bright, it made my eyes hurt."
"Dieter, don't you know where to put your behind?"
"If you win, you'll have shitloads."
You're an odd duck.
It's all about your pussies.
I told you it was fucked up.
"I don't wanna talk to you, only you."
Sexual intercourse between near relations.
"He lay there in agony, panting, unable to rise, expecting at any moment to feel the phagor leap out and kill him."
"No offense, but survival kits are for urban sissies who don't know how to make a flotation device out of a pair of pants."
"Let's go! Dorks, no shoes on my upholstery."
We found him at a shelter in Bludhaven. Pathetic.
"If you attempt to leave or play any games, I will tase you and watch Supernanny while you drool into the carpet."
He's acting crazy.
What the hell are you talking about?
You'll lose control of your sphincter and wear diapers and soak in your shit all day.
"Look, she replaces my TV, and she gets her stupid book back."
"Your name isn't even fucking Rudy cooper, is it?"
And killing and fucking larceny?
Fucking idiot. I'm just saying... we should have gotten rid of them like that Ohio couple.
"No, you're out there getting fucking drunk!"
You seriously gonna sit here and not eat a goddamn thing?
"Stop sucking up, Lucas."
I just heard you've become the international ass grabber.
"Oh shit, the hot squad has arrived, plus one."
Believe that shit?
Are you going to tell them how he got a fucking piece of broken bowl?
"Nice to see the young people enjoying themselves, isn't it?' and Mark Darcy and me forced to do tricks for the assembled company, like rubbing noses or having sex in front of them, like a pair of performing seals."
"The house you sold to Brendan Donovan, I want the fucking money back or I'm gonna set fire to every property you own."
I can write my bloody poetry.
Does anybody want their sucked by a towel?
I'm sorry. Dick.
What the fuck is that?
But we found this greedy-ass farmer who's gonna let us use his property.
Not the interests of lobbyists pocketing... (Whispers) Damn it.
You can't be fool enough to think a few armed ranchers can hold off the United States Army.
There's fucking blood all over the place.
Chris already heard about this shit.
You treated me like a fucking jerk.
Tablet should be swallowed whole
"The price is doubled. That was a very foolish decision, Trent."
"You don't need a boat to get to Paramus. Secret method, my ass."
What I do need is a death with no questions.
"It got inc down, and all at once I was frightened and silly; I cracked, and howled like a girl in a Victorian melodrama."
"At school they used to call him Bázo, a Sami expression for a slightly retarded person."
I don't blame her for covering her own ass.
I'll be God-damned if they think they can take my licence away.
"I can tell you're a sexual person, Hoyt Fortenberry... ...and if that's what it's gonna take to fill up this distance between us..."
So I guess now we'll see if it's bullshit or not.
"Well, I got to warn you, I'm a very sore loser."
"If you make it to the village, burn this."
Are you kidding me? You let me bet on that rotten Brutus...
I'm not drinking with scum.
"How'd you know, you prick?"
"Bo, you son of a I said, no, Bo."
This was a stupid idea.
Ask Lyle Lovett I had sex on Mars
What the hell is this?
I don't care what you mother says.
"All right, kill the fire."
"So, what's up? You want that shit or not? - No."
"God, Jennifer, damn."
Who do you have to fuck to get some bacon around here?
Stay the fuck away from me.
"l’m not choking, you asshole!"
* they'll shoot you with a shotgun *
Stop pissing me off!
"I will taser you. Hey, who's the employer on that check you got over there?"
You already screwed me once.
Move! Shut it off.
With that damned Portuguese sweet bread.
Killed the right people.
"The password's 'Pig snout' but it won't help you now, the Fat Lady's gone off somewhere."""
"And look, it's the girlie and the freak, although I'm not sure which one's which."
Know how long it takes to schlep out to this hellhole?
"If we don't hand you over, everybody in this sector will be dead by morning."
You don't know what the hell you're talking about.
"But Dick, blushing like a peony, only kissed her hand."
I shit in my pants every day!
"""Better you than me, poor sod."""
Fuck you!
"They say if you don't come down, they'il blow up the house."
Let the poisons and toxins burn a grave for you. . . . . .deep into the earthyou love so much!
Grace is kicking ass at school.
That's how good I am at sex.
"First of all, your dad is dead now."
You're all in my killing range now.
Isn't there a homeless guy I can jack off instead of doing that?
"Two kings do I see- and only one ass!"""
Both sides are starting shit.
"Man, that's fucking intense when you think about it, homes."
"I should just end her now, right?"
"Then I'll jump you, just like that!"
"Hey, listen, as much as I love the idea of saving a damsel in distress, we don't got monkey shit to go on."
"Bronco and Vanaya began their assault on the yeast factory, but the yeast patty Bronco had previously eaten started to make him feel like crap"
I took 95 the whole goddamn way there.
2girls1cup orgasm akon hanah montana xxx linkin park power rangers mistic forse enrique iglesias wwe bb8 big brother sexy girls pamela anderson sex video sex scenes kama sutra nude hentai jonas brothers amnesia ibiza basshunter
I earned this shit.
The Aguilar brothers' drug traffickers.
It's stupid no matter how you pronounce it.
I lost my fucking job!
Get rid of her.
"Fuck, that gets me so wet they have to steam clean the seat after I leave."
"That's funny. Um, but seriously, I will talk to you about whatever you want, except for the kurse, because nobody wants to talk about that crazy bird."
Shoot on him!
"if you believe one word the British say, you're a fool."
"Below him, Ralph was a shock of hair and Piggy a bag of fat."
"So check it out, looks like the boss told the higher-ups that we were gonna get Odin on this one and that we left him with his dick in his hand when the bust fell through."
Anton didn't give a shit about the diamonds.
When did you first have sex with him?
Did kill him.
"If Sam completes those trials, he is going to die."
At least we can have sex now.
"What the fuck, Jonah."
"You're all the bloody same, aren't you?"
"I suspect she's afraid I'll start having ""the sex""."
He says my poems are rubbish!
"You don't kill 1,000 people to keep your mouth shut."
But we aren't... - Shut up specsy.
"We shoot Fando y Lis, hiding of unions."
I told you to shut up.
"She's fucking crazy, even for me."
"Now, now, cuddle, cuddle with your demons."
"""To a thief coming down from the fool’s chamber, this will look like the main drift,"" he explains."
He might bore you to death.
"And fuck thy brains out, do it please ya, she thought, and could not help a smile."
What would this stupid world be without...
Are you guys hearing this crap?
"Involuntarily he jerked it off, humming again."
The last thing I need beyond losing the woman that I love is to be obliged to the man who fucking stole her.
"Sarah, my God. Your loser ex-husband shows up after all this time... That's nice."
They can spend their points to do shit to the people in the other boxes.
Your hair looks hideous.
You can't just let her die.
"Aye, here's to my fast bike, fast men and getting bent sideways with a bunch of fucking yuppie college motherfuckers."
"He wished he could hear Tika slamming plates around in the kitchen, cursing him for being a lazy, drunken bum even while she fixed his favorite breakfast."
You bastard! I told you not to pla y with fire!
He took off after Sarah. -Fuck!
"I mean, you -- you're caught up on everything that's been going on, all the crap that your brethren's been doing to humanity all this time?"
"""Or incredibly incompetent."""
Royce deserved it. Idiot! Of Hell's Kitchen.
You guys don't even give a fuck about rush.
"""Fancy you asking a silly question like that, "" said Brother Watchtower doubtfully."
The executions are done.
I describe myself kind of a boy with boobs that loves to wear high heels and put makeup on.
You got time for some dope on those cop killers?
"You need one day where you suck the marrow out of life and, like, let it slosh around in your mouth."
"Oh, damn it! It was a big day for me, And he didn't to go because he doesn't like small talk!"
Dying out there.
We just had sex five minutes ago.
Don't be silly. You're gonna love this.
"""Christ's testicles, no!"
"“I think you die today,” he said, continuing to stroke."
I don't want a five-day erection.
You find your fucking answers.
"If they don't stop drinking, I'm gonna throw their asses out."
"You get to have sex with any woman that you want, and now you're gonna get paid for it."
"What the fuck are you doing with those logs, pendejo?"
"""Only the image of evil stupidity?"""
"Oh, yeah - find Ms Calendar, then decapitate her."
He's a gambler.
"Then, you learned magic to hit on girls"
"For it seemed to me that there is great room in Arda for many things that might rejoice in it, yet it is for the most part empty still, and dumb."
Don't shit where you...
"Oh, you mean stepmotherfucker."
"Just tell us what the fuck happened, okay?"
You're a disgrace to the legacy of the Drake.
I'm goddamn pleased to meet you
"That fucking commie hates us. Two years, I worked in The Riv-- two fucking beautiful years, man."
"Rescue the damsel in distress, kill the bad guy and save the world."
Put him over by the fire.
I mean there is no way in hell I will let you die in this hospital.
Where the hell she is...?
"What are you gonna do, Dad, spank me?"
"Mike, how much would it take... for someone to run over your nuts?"
"You lie, Irish."
"Yeah, you did. You told me... you said, ""Jack Daniel, like the drink."" And I said, ""a damn good one at that."""
"Pull your shit together, man."
"Guards, subdue him."
Is that you having sex with one of our research subjects?
We're fucking having a party.
Throw it in the gutter.
"So, you're sayin' that my son Sedgewick has his head up his ass."
"Remember, you're a scumbag, so you think scummy thoughts."
"You'll get three years for this, scum!"
You gonna let a black player play from the get-go?
Where's Amos? Bastard!
"Fancy vest, go ahead and pull that rifle if you want to, but you better speak to your boss before you use it, 'cause he'll be dead before I hit the ground."
Seeger's gotta be crazy to try and break into that place.
We can shoot it.
"What are you, the Primate Garbage Police?"
Just finger yourself in front of me.
"Now let me give you some licks, you know you need some discipline!"
"Ped was not. Cause he never court someone, damn you."
"Look, I know Oliver didn't help you find your brother's killer... ...and that hurts and that sucks."
"He was just another black man, and they all looked alike to whites, no?"
Are you out of your mind?
"To some of us bastards, it's more than just a name."
and shove it in David's mouth.
I spit on their faces which spew blood !
"You need to kill it. no, i-I can't. he spent his life killing innocent people,"
I pay 13 black.
"""You bury that brother of yours, then you fuck off back to where you come from."""
Fuck off. You!
"Well, I'm just curious. Damn."
Someday you're gonna beg me to forgive you... ...for being such a horse's ass on the biggest day of my life.
"No, she'd be like, “This is dangerous, you're gonna hit Moss in the face.”"
Tell me you weren't screwing my boyfriend As I was risking my ass to come down here.
Don't ever fucking tell me.
"He knew Struan would be delighted to be called son of a bitch publicly by Gorth, for then he could challenge him to a duel."
"""But damn all, I don't want to."""
"I need you to just remind me of all the ways that Crosby is a screw up, okay?"
He was raving like a lunatic!
"The dream of improving the world disguised a farce that affected not only a single life, as in Cervantes’ story, and affected not only the misleading army of buffoons believed to be missionaries."
"Ross back with that controlling... ...neurotic, crazy Emily who wouldn't let him see you?"
He gives a fuck what I do.
An arrow punched through Tostig's helm to skewer his skull.
"Just do what men have been doing for thousands of years, and punch the woman."
"""I'm tired of having all aspects of my life ruled by this administration that doesn't give a shit for human rights, and I think it's time to do something about it,"" said the first speaker."
They assassinated him.
"Shit, Reese, you haven't paid a bill in three years."
"If I had courage, I'd kill myself."
"God damn it, I told you I didn't want to see you again."
"You know, maybe you should punch Christopher's lights out."
"No, it's easy to pick apart bad acting, shortsighted directing... ...and a moronic stringing together of words the studios term as prose."
I am willing to bet that this tape proves that you stole the freakin' food.
Because you were already dead.
"Roberta, you got years before you have to settle for some doo-doo butt chump you got nothing in common with."
Stop screwing around.
The Marquis smells of formaldehyde.
Any fuckin' thing you want.
We're gonna make her life hell.
Shut the bumba-ros-clot up.
Damn cold out there.
My darned luck has become a witch too!
"Is a good night to hang you, Red"
Why don't you fall in love with the Jap kid and get off my back?
I'll fix her forehead.
He's as good as dead.
But to cherish this in your bed... is close to fornication.
Suicide attempts. Both of them.
"He stalked to the table on trembling legs, meaning to throw the hammer at the bitch, see if that would shut her up."
"I know it's tough to believe, but I wasn't always a hard-bitten dick... ready to lay my life on the line for a hundred a day plus expenses."
"Oops, made an ice cream sundae on your boobs !"
I know where the damn hotel is.
What's scientific outside of the psychology behind how much shit voters will swallow before they notice?
I'm gonna go hit the head.
You're all gonna die.
"Shoot, well, what are the cons?"
Heaven and earth bear witness... and strike dead any man who breaks his oath
"No, he's a midget."
Hey. - I'm so sick of Meredith and Cristina and their stupid love affair that they have to rub in everyone's faces.
"And after a lot of reflection, I realized the reason I was beating you guys up was because something was missing a vagina."
"If you keep doing that, I'm gonna hang up on you."
"Yeah, he died of being crazy."
We may get one shot and one shot only.
Kill him?
Some people would be ignorant on the facts.
"He was right in much of what he said, but much else seemed foolish."
"Now, I kill you three, there'il be no witnesses."
I felt like a god-damned piece of fried chicken.
"First of all, if I had a mommy fetish, I'd be hooking up with some psycho dominatrix."
"It's a big, red trash compactor."
You've got to be frakking kidding me.
I will mangle your mind.
They treat me like a freak!
"All you've ever done is tell him how uncool he was, what a geek, a freak he was."
"Put your hooks in him, girl."
Are you ready to die over this?
"It ain't easy being the star of this fucking joint, man."
"Stinking rich, she is."
"Half of it was horseshit, but you were never sure which half."
I'm not smart enough to lock my own fucking door.
Bluish tinge to the fingernails. Lips. He's hypoxic.
"It's horrible eating scraps... ...dropping my waste everywhere, like an animal."
"Sit, you witless baboon."
It's not hard enough to make a transition and I don't need my fucking brother-in-law
One more minute he would have died
"You did it, and soon, the red death will destroy Salem."
Damned.
You'il give me a heart attack
I wasted 20 years of my life on pathetic little creatures like those.
You smell like liquor.
The guy's dirty.
"So you gonna help me with this bomb, or are you too busy with your own shit?"
"Picture a train wreck, and then picture a plane crashing into the train wreck, and then picture a bird flying overhead of the wreck and taking a giant crap on it, and that was me onstage."
"Becca, you invited your friends over to fuck in your bedroom while you waited outside."
"Holy fuck, it's l.S.R.A.E.L. !"
Russian butt.
"Just think if you boneheaded dweebs had listened to your parents, you'd be home in bed instead of riding this monster."
"You're too skinny to be a nanny, Barrett."
"Ralph saw Lois grimly holding her slip up through the skirt of her dress as they struggled down the hill, thought again about asking if she wouldn't be happier just ditching the damned thing, and decided again to mind his own business."
"They'll never catch me, man... 'cause I'm fuckin' innocent."
I'd like to flatten you once.
Or 50 really fat chicks for a thousand bucks.
I think psychopaths are incredibly high-maintenance.
Within seconds his erection had vanished.
Just get the fuck out of my house.
You're being called upon to kill.
"The fat lady was evidently trying to stifle herself, holding her face as if it were talking without her volition."
Is a fake.
You've got a lot of nerve talking about going the distance... screwing married men!
Damn shame.
He is a beast!
I think she's a devil worshiper.
You're gonna be the lead in a fucking scorsese film.
Shut your raggedy ass up... Sit the fuck down!
This game is insane.
pamela anderson sex video akon jonas brothers enrique iglesias wwe amnesia ibiza power rangers mistic forse xxx sexy girls hentai kama sutra nude orgasm linkin park sex scenes hanah montana basshunter 2girls1cup bb8 big brother
"All of the new females get talked about, Saying if they're having sex, Sleeping with so and so."
"So when I found out about that, I was just like, ""You gotta be fuckin' kidding me."""
You out of your fuckin' mind?
Are you crazy?
"Damn, now I'm so angry."
"Just sit tight and suck in the g-forces, old man."
Everybody knows in my neighborhood it's the bestest around Samson's shit is blessed Got the whole town on lockdown That's where l want to live. Right there.
There was this African monkey whispering all this creepy shit in my ear.
"If you're looking for a tomcat, you don't send two dogs up an alley... because they knock over garbage cans, bite, fight, fuck each other."
"That's right, none of your goddamn business."
Hang them up.
I told you to turn that fuckin' camera off.
They're Ivy League assholes and they'll wrap a lamp cord around a newborn baby's neck rather than lose to a schmuck like you.
In 13 months I'll throw you the damnedest party.
That would kill this.
"Stories about them being shot to death, not so much."
She was kinda the first girl I ever had sex with.
You'll both take a beating till someone uses that phone.
God damn!
'For every little kid you fucked and all their dads who liked to watch.
What the hell is going on.
"But whoever it is, she’ll be young and rich and you’ll suck her dry like everyone else."
My angel butts.
"We've seen birds, bunnies, lizards, a kind of rat and a fucking coyote."
The bad news is your hair is on fire.
"W... we're gonna have you pee on a stick, and we'll know in five minutes."
What the hell is that thing?
It's damned hard to fake a crime scene.
"Knock it off, jerk!"
"""There's too damn many dray ' ions around here."
"If on the third day you don't come back and bring a man, the soul of your grandma will rot forever in a place worse than hell... here!"
"Damn, he's good."
That'll teach you to play stupid tricks!
"You're tearing my guts out, claire."
"You got three choices -- get arrested, get your bits blown off, or get back."
This time I didn't do a damn thing.
"If we could overtake him, he would hang."
I wonder how long it will take for us all to die.
Lorraine thinking I'd share this shithole with two alcoholic strangers.
Bring out your dead!
"""The girls are whipping boys for your two young men,"" Janos said."
Your daughter thought she was a boy and had a nasty temper to boot.
You're gonna burn them?
"When I nod, go like hell."
My life sucks... but my vacuum doesn't.
"Aw, damn!"
"You are a mere trush, and yet, so much more."
"Matter of fact... right now I submit that sex is not only doable, but... I think it's a damn good idea."
You're a loner.
I'll give him a shot.
Sir Jackie Stewart: He was like a young fighting cock.
Rawls hates his guts.
My head's been itching like a dirty jock.
I'll give you the fuckin' money to put the fuckin' heat on!
I suppose you'll be needing this? What the fuck is that?
"Those you fought with tonight were animals, the spawn of William."
And it is your behavior I find quite disgusting.
There's gooks all over the goddamn place!
Damn it! Two ofthem got away!
"Long hours, no pay, whiny churchgoers."
"""But let's suppose that the first person this clown killed was named Ackerman, and that he wanted to go on killing people and he wanted to make a game out of it."
"If Jimmie's ass ain't home, I don't know what the fuck we gonna do,"
And not talking makes her look either guilty or incompetent.
"You're a mess, Mr. Warren."
"Chloe, the whore next door."
I don't want to die in the bloody office!
I knew that painting was a fucking scam!
My damn truck blew a gasket a few miles back.
I'm sorry but your father is a real wimp!
And to deny that would just be dumb.
I'm not a god damn Canadian and neither are you!
Fowler is not gonna react well to being treated like a fucking suspect.
"Jesus, I hate that he calls every fucking five minutes."
"Shut up, Leonard! Nice earring."
But can dance in a silly way while biting your lower lip.
I could've killed some.. ..from those whose life I saved.
"Well, because you're an unpleasant person, Mr. wolynetz."
I killed myself at MIT while everyone was out killing orcs and pillaging villages and getting all sorts of booty.
"So you left your mama With that junkhead? Meanwhile, you're living it up in the big easy?"
"Oh, fuck Greg."
It's a darned shame.
"I sure don't know how to use it to ""whup anybody's butt."""
That's a big-ass phone.
"There are other things I can do, and maybe I want to fucking do them."
She's going to fry us all unless we can contain her.
Either they were the hardest of hard cases or they were nuts-probably both-because they didn't freeze at the sight of the shotgun.
"Destroying more pictures from your dirty collection,Tony?"
Fuck.Why do I do them?
The Aenir are killers and they will invade the clans.'
"Step across the gate, or I'll destroy this village."
And I still get to have a kick-ass birthday because Frank and Shanna aren't gonna be around.
Oh! - Oh! That's 16 for me and Hyde... and four for the losers!
"I don't know if you're a narc or just a two-bit amateur, but I know you're lying."
"Child rapist three blocks over, did five years and out on probation."
Hell with 'em. Pick it up and pay cash.
I can do this shit all day.
He went nuts. - It's none of your business.
This place is cursed.
Where the fuck have you been?
Since we downed a few dozen bottles of Cuervo after you dumped our asses 3 years ago.
I need you to suck it up.
You're a glutton for punishment.
"God, shut it off! Shut it off!"
"Hey, do you think I'd enjoy cutting her up?"
I'll just throw rocks at the goddamn thing.
"In spring, summer, and autumn, Christchurch gardens are gay and colored."
"So Elissa's not talking to me, and I'm sure Ryan thinks I'm against him, like everyone else in this ridiculous town."
"""I put my mouth on her nip--"" ""...ples."""
It's a damn good name.
But you know what you was getting into. And he sure as shit ain't going away.
"Calimar had his rival by the testicles, and both men knew it."
You goddamn knew.
"We've got to get the fuck out of here, Vince."
My Daddy tried to shoot me dead.
"""Let's see,"" Beldin said, his ugly face creased with thought."
"Oh, shit. - I need some help, man."
"They should've shot me in the head, and enough times to make sure"
Who the hell are you?
I hate 'em when they ain't been shaved.
"Oh, shit."
When was the last time you had sex?
You gotta fucking be kidding me.
"Noreen, you're justjumpy, that's all."
Fuck you-- go home and play with your kids.
Aunt Sandra will never speak to me again. Shit!
She killed the trackers. All of them.
'Cause he's gonna wanna know that his shit is secure.
Mark recruited me out of high school now he was a skinhead.
It's damn cold.
"I am a Christian, goddamn it."
"I have seen you build a comm system out of a fucking shaving kit, so don't tell me you can't handle this."
Does that make me some kind of pussy to you?.
"Blade, the daywalker-- still pursuing his ridiculous crusade."
"Look, Garth wants Tripp dead for putting him in a wheelchair,"
"""Get the fuck away from our chopper!"" he is shouting."
You think this is your fucking money?
"When a Yankee fan strings you up by the balls for wearing that hat, I'm gonna be sitting there,"
Throw it!
"And if it isn't, whoever it is, you're gonna die, too."
That damn ocean is a swimming hole compared to the Pacific.
She should be dead. Yeah. Adrenaline does strange things.
Fucking Patrick.
We couldn't prove shit.
It shouldn't damage the bastard unless its skin is thinner than ours.
I thought he might be interested in guns and shooting.
Fuck! Who is it?
Ain't nothing more damn frightening than driving with a cougar in the car.
I bet everyone hates them.
"She may be ugly, but I ain't complaining."
My point is she's frickin' hot.
Get rid of that kid.
He was in a terrible rage and he looked like a man possessed by the devil.
"And then nothing, just black."
"You stuck her head in a noose, pushed her off the chair, and snapped her neck."
"""please, if I get one more ticket, my dad's gonna kill me, all right?"""
"How else were you gonna say you had nothing to do with it, huh? Fuck!"
'Cause clean-cut Muslims in a parade on the South Side of Chicago... ain't gonna get this done!
You can keep that shit.
We're gonna quit fucking around and start talking serious.
"Shot, then!"
That's why we do this job; because they're worth protecting from the scum out there who try to steal what little those people have.
What the hell have you done?
We need to get the fuck out of here.
"Gretchen... I may have spent three centuries frozen in time, But I didn't wake up stupid."
Will they cut her up in Polyarny or just let her bleed rust in Murmansk?
You need to keep your mouth shut.
I told you to sit your ass down!
"You kill the drug muling, or I'll let the rest of the club read the letters."
The guy sounds like a fucking asstard
"What body? Man, Zero's buzzard food."
"Jesus fuckin' Christ, Tom, check this out."
They all want you killed.
The puppet... with the sword.
We didn't think you needed that shot.
This guy makes me sick.
I hate Liechtenstein!
"2 When we got outside of the Duke of New York we viddied by the main bar's long lighted window, a burbling old pyahnitsa or drunkie, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp blerp in between as though it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts."
"Ron, can you use some of those fucking muscles?"
What slut? Where?
"We'll all die, and I'll never get my license."
Jack... your greatest fucking achievement!
"So, balt, if you want to write about vampires Drinking each other's blood and cum and whatnot, By all means, go for it."
Why would the Devil holodeck you a whole new life when he could just kick your ass all over the cage?
Sorcerer.
Bite your lower lip.
An infidel.
150 ain't getting my damn boat.
You're gonna make yourself sick.
Either as my asset or a traitor to the Revolution.
You have no personality.
"Dude, what happened to all the honeys We were gonna pimp with your badge, dog? You're fucking up the plan."
Then you're a chump.
You'il hit the plane!
All I know is you're not doing you or your baby any good... by acting like a crazy woman.
Tally the goddamn things yourself!
"I was curious about, you know, all that genetic shit."
The guy's a Hostile.
Why the fuck didn't you listen to me?!
"Dude, get that fuckin' cancer raccoon away from me!"
"If you took your gloves off to find your cock to have a piss, you lost a finger to the frost."
"Woolwich, police box, red bucket, blue bucket, me so stupid, etc..."
"I'll wash my hands of him,"
"Dude, your junk could cure cancer."
"“She’s not a goddamned mademoiselle, she’s my wife. ..."
"Yeah, well, the back of your head is stupid!"
"Are you nuts, carrying a wad like that in a neighborhood like this?"
"Choose someone you hate, share it, and we talk shit from there."
"Ing, I am so sick of all of these rock 'n' rollers, overpaid jocks, and supermodel bitch boys."
Get the fuck out of my basement right now!
Are you a fucking locksmith or not?
They killed your guys.
"She wants a divorce, she wants money, she ends up dead in your pool."
Are you losing your mind?
There's no way I can make it through this weekend without saying something I'll regret or possibly biting that dang ring off my sister's finger.
And in a lot of ways this job stinks.
Next time he has to face us and a fucking army.
"Ispaghula seed Plantago ovata Forssk., semen"
What the hell do you think I'm doing?
Because all black men love weed?
"Small-minded, selfish, stupidly arrogant, devoid of moral fibre, chronically unable to love. That, in a nutshell is Woman in Analysis."
"You can get yourself killed. And no matter how many times you've done it, it's never fun hanging out with a dead body."
It's ridiculous.
"He could have lingered on the edge of the battle with the smart boys, and today his wife would be making him miserable, his sons would be ingrates, and he'd be waking three times in the night to piss into a bowl."
"Syrus, I never expected to see your ass around here again."
Areas of your brain start to shrink.
"The last thing we need, Ray, is another dead body on our hands."
"Swamp Gut with a heavy frog splash, flattening Werewolf into a pancake. He follows it up with a ruthless knee to the head. Werewolf has got to be careful here."
"You're dead, you're dead. And you ain't taking me with you!"
"""I bet he can,"" said Colon gloomily, ""I bet all the time he'd be thinking, 'Bloody hell, I hope I can find something else to eat soon, otherwise it's the bloody cake again.' """
"Look, man, if you ain't going to race for no paper damn, at least do it for some self-respect."
Can I borrow that fake doody?
"My dear Mrs Atwater, careful application of the trigger finger and a pair of seats in the first row is yours for the shooting."
"We'll put 'em in the web, and people will be like, ""damn, how big is that spider? "" Great idea, Laurie."
"You whine, complain and act like a child."
"That way if you fall, you kill yourself instantly."
Will you shut up?!
Bo made the prosecution look sloppy and incompetent.
You're shitting me.
"Idiots, ready for a challenge?"
"You are a liability, Scott."
You wanna compromise the reputation of your cheating site... ...with a link to our ass site?
"Cut all her bits off. Send them back on the hour, every hour. Show them we're not to be trifled with."
You're only where you are cos I fucking put you there.
"""There is a fucking wrong the universe needs to right."""
"Oh, maybe I can take a shot at her."
"She giggled at the thought, then arched with a soft, throaty purr as those delicious fingers dipped under to caress her breasts."
"Yeah, but he sucks."
"This is Hadrian's big, fucking plan?"
"It had looked upon its own wealth and the inevitable inequities of any human society and decided to rectify them, and somehow the lunatics had taken over the asylum."
"Yeah, I know what you mean, they're all terrible."
He just fucked off and left me.
"I gather that one of their own young... ...comparable to a seven-year-old child, was normally expected... ...to send that all the way to the top... ...which by Krell standards classifies me as a low-grade moron."
"Jesus Christ, just put it through his eyeball, here."
It was I who slaughtered your precious Elana.
"Sammy Davis, Jr. was a goof ball."
Don't fucking say it!
And my memory still kind of sucks.
I'm gonna go crack some champagne and make love to my old lady.
They've always been ugly.
"Girl, that is to die for."
She got pregnant through sympathy sex.
What the heck?
"For fuck's sake, pack it in!"
"What is he, crazy?"
What if I gave it a big ol' punch?
Please hit me in the legs this time.
You're the one motherfucker I can't figure out.
Don't you want to fuck?
"Sensuality and fucking are, after all, cousins of the most tenuous relation."
It is at the bottom of my crap container.
First I sleep with her and then I tell her!
I got to get this shit to Rosen's guy.
"Oh, shut up!"
"""Why do you wake me for this trash?"""
Everybody thinks you're a loser.
You must be happy the old folk are dead like you wanted
"Fuck with me, you're gonna get hit by a book."
"Peter, you're in deep shit."
Do you know how much money I've spent on goddamned coaches?
"Everybody, quiet down. Hey, shut up !"
Burton could have killed him then.
What the fuck is wrong with you people?
"You die, we freeze you,... ...and when we canresuscitate you,... ...we'il have you live... ...a dream."
"Damn, girl!"
Princess and ugly don't go together.
It'il feel like you're pulling a shipyard rope through your intestines.
"If she's into some crazy crap, I want to put somebody with experience on the case."
"Good people, good friends and we're gonna fucking see a little show."
She cloned my damn phone.
"And if you survive, you see your brothers-in-arms die"
Somebody snapped his neck.
Killing Adam Fairfield.
Get out of the fucking truck!
What the hell was that machine?
He turned the damn thing into a crumble in about two seconds.
"You know, if God exists, I hope she has better things to do than give people the explosive shits."
"I feel like I'm in a damn ""Godzilla"" movie."
Why didn't I iron my fucking tie? '
"If there were voice command circuits, override controls, or a suspicious ship's computer, Kassad knew, he was screwed."
"I don't think they'll kill you, Lawrence, but they will blame you."
No! No! Shut up!
Don't fucking tell me to relax.
He fucked me right there in the car.
Just had your little heart torn out and shoved down your throat?
You can only hang one of those missing legs on me.
"I don't know who the friend is, brother... ...but they're feeding you some rubbish."
Then he kills himself because he can't live with what he did.
It was a despicable and cowardly act.
I love this fuckin' place.
A rubber on his privates.
That rat Burns told them where the Ford is. - Where?
"She's tired, she calls you up, you drive over, and have sex for, I'm guessing, ten minutes."
"If you're looking for a tomcat, you don't send two dogs up an alley... because they knock over garbage cans, bite, fight, fuck each other."
"Then we were sent home, and I married a pretty girl who was covered with baby fat, too."
Duiker glanced back at the Foolish Dog horsewarriors.
"Hey, moran, you know what would really kick ass?"
"Hell, just the way Mama hates you tells me everything I need to know."
I'm gonna clean this bitch off and I'm gonna spend it.
"With the murders you got on your back, you want to add corrupting a police officer You scum!"
Shut that thing off. Come down here and meet my partner.
"Fight the disgusting, evil, foreign enemy. Help me!"
"You know... if you were anyone else, I'd tell you to quit bitching."
That hillbilly Sweetzer didn’t know what the fuck he had.
"Struan prayed that Gorth was flat on his back in a whorehouse, drunk as a fiddler’s bitch."
I used to go to the city all the time... and told them they had to get shit together.
"I'm a Goofy Goober You're a Goofy Goober We're all Goofy Goobers Goofy, goofy, goober, goober Put your toys away Well, all I gotta say When you tell me not to play I say no way No way!"
"Same score, but we play black guys against white guys."
I ain't talking about that shit.
"I'm the one smoking marijuana, motherfucker."
Who she left behind with a sucker she stole 3 million from.
All the fat on him means he's fat.
Another gun-a third automatic pistol-lay near the outstretched hand of the black guy.
"And I said, ""I want to get the fuck out of here."""
"You kept your nasty, shredded clothes?"
We gotta figure out how to kill these things.
"Shit, you walk into the lion's den on your own, huh?"
I wish we could get some shit like this.
"What if I don't think it's right for any more uglies to be born?"""
"Nothing could be more revolting than that swarthy, evil face turned pale with fear."
"Come on, damn it!"
I'm not leaving here until at least three of you pass out or puke!
You are clearly jealous and repressed.
Damn.
Gangster...
I don't give a fuck if he understands or not.
What the hell did you do?
"""Ass!"" said the Director, breaking a long silence."
"Yo, Kerrigan. I got your natural selection, my man. How 'bout I naturally select to walk out of this boring-ass classroom."
I ain't a little pussy like you.
"I said sit down, goddamn it!"
"''Chinguen sus puercos, Carlos.'' Screw you cops."
"He said, anybody comes looking for him, we’re in deep shit and we gotta jack him into the matrix.”"
She's very black.
I should try that with my new phone sex guy.
It stinks flt to smoke the angels out of heaven.
"Τhe guy's a fuckin' rabbit's foot, for crying out loud."
By killing people.
He's a self-centered lout who puts his own ego ahead of those that depend on him!
Now can we concentrate on the crimes he commits and not whose cock he sucks?
"So, Steve, after two years of taking multiple daily shots in the buttocks, you can expect to go from this hairless freak..."
"If something goes wrong, he'll die."
I'm not taking orders from a mug like you! Scram!
Lovely Sid and lovely Michelle are fucking.
Did you have some sort of lesbian wet dream about me?
You're a disgrace. Because I had the intelligence to know when to retreat ?
He's just killing you.
"When they Find you, it'll be like putting a jigsaw puzzle back together. You kill me, you come here."
What the fuck are you doing?
Tired of being the dirty girl?
You're so bad!
"Coming to Paris for the first time, and instead of enjoying yourself... you're doing all this useless running around."
Saved your life! - You shit.
Fendrix should be injected intramuscularly in the deltoid region.
He doesn't talk about it and that fucks him up.
He was flying to Des Moines for an operation for sexual impotence.
Somebody get me a fucking blanket up in here!
What's weird about one friend sucking on another friend's neck?
Shut up! Shut up!
"If I had wanted a junk as a manager, I'm well off the street."
"Hey, we all had... I'm calling the fucking cops."
What if you electrocute yourself?
I'm not going to shoot you in the state you're in.
He wanted to kill me!'
"For all we know, it could give off radiation that turns us into brain-dead zombies."
These monks starve us to death.
"like fucking David and Goliath, when he gets that slingshot."
You can tell a lot about a woman by the way she acts... ...when you're having sex and room service comes in.
Remember that shit.
"Shanna, I got to tell you, you did a fucking stellar job yesterday."
"You are being paid to apologize for this pathetic country of Britain, and he can explain to us why we've burned our diplomatic credentials... and why we're killing, you know, thousands of innocent people... just for—just for some barrels of oil... and a photo opportunity on the White House lawn."
Have you ever sucked a penis?
You can't do shit on your own.
"And the nasty, savage humans can crawl back into their jungle."""
I'll just have to suck the juice out of your captain instead - though he is very much my second choice.
Tarik. That motherfucker will eat you.
Can you believe this crap?
"No, most of the stories talked of firing squads—which often fucked up, so the stories went—or a single pistol round in the head, as Lavrenti Beriya had done himself."
I don't give a goddamn what they do in Andersonville!
You don't want to sit with the rest of the scum.
"For God's sake Abel, stop that nonsense!"
"Instead of bringing him to his senses, you'll kill him."
"Perhaps you're more clever than I gave you credit for, but the day I kowtow to a righteous little shit like you will be my last."
"It's my fault, and trying to impress her with a stupid necklace was a lame idea -- nothing against the necklace."
"""Oh, I'll have a pint of milk, packet of fags"
Take the Gods-damn shirt off!
But then he can turn around without any warning and... ...hit you.
He had screamed after the lunatic soldier had passed out of sight.
"When I felt he was about to cum, I grabbed him and fucked him."
That's a fucking great car.
So he'il die?
"Don't call no more now, freak."
"""It was after she shot Norah Bell, the bitch had stabbed me in the back twice."
Let's go whack some pinatas.
Wipe the windshield an check the driver's bullshit level?
"A flinching zero, god damn you."
"I would love to hang this on that animal for you, and for Elizabeth."
I spent all my damn money!
"No, it's not the shit."
You still want your shit back... ...I'll call you when I get to L.A.
He'll get beaten up!
I hate you!
The last place you wanna go is home... ...cos that's the first place the fuck who's after you will look.
He was sick. Some disease of the brain.
He's threatening to kill me.
You have been screwing us all day!
I don't fuck with family.
"Your Honor, Biu Shin's testimony... or that of any other Jing Wu students cannot be trusted here. - Liar!"
We're ready to shoot!
"She's a fine girl and a hard worker... ...and she's a good salesgirl, and you shut up!"
"Idiot! This woman is my mother, and the mother of the Child is."
"If you have a bullet in your leg, I have to take care of it."
"like, horror movie shit."
"They call themselves ""monkey wrenchers."""
Because I know jack-shit about it!
"You got elena killed, our son!"
Fuck! Close the doors!
"Sheila's parents are what some call ""insurgents"" or ""terrorists."""
And he was gonna pay so my whole family could go to college or some shit like that.
Bigass parade.
MacArthur rolled in some poop.
Sweetie... ...you shit your pants this year.
I've seen your fucking pictures.
Because she's petty and vindictive.
But who is more ignorant... ...the man who cannot define lightning... ...or the man does not respect its natural awesome power?
"But if the accursed Manticorans were given an open invitation to poke their devil-spawned noses into domestic affairs which were none of their damned business, things would only get worse."
"Some day these answers may seem as obvious to us as the Earth orbiting the sun, or perhaps as ridiculous as a tower of tortoises."
"He's trying to get in Mia's pants, dog."
"Plus, it's almost been 24 hours since I had sex with Wade."
"I mean, she better not insist on reading me One of those fucking cracked-out poems She writes for her ""active senior"" newsletter."
Get off him!
World's biggest bad-ass.
Really? Damn it!
"Don't do it, Boiler! You're a bad shot!"
I'm gonna drop some artillery right on top ofthem!
"I repeat, men with huge fucking wings... have laid waste to St. Michael's."
"Heck, my little brother was so stupid."
You were a dead shot.
I think your vagina's cute.
Guess he knows I'm gonna sue his ass.
"Oleg Kirov was foul-mannered, stank, sweated, and stuck out like a fish in a tree wherever he went."
"""We know there is a concrete plan to kill us."
"In order for Vivanza to be effective, sexual stimulation is required."
I'm not fucking with you.
They put a bullet in his chest.
"Don Zequiel, damn you!"
What's more traditional than fairies and fat chicks?
You're a hero today and you're a goat tomorrow.
I've read all the books about how you're supposed to talk about this stuff... and until it happens nothing can prepare you... for the day when your kid comes home crying out of school because some ass... called him a science experiment.
"She could only be unconscious for an hour or so, but lying there in her raiment she was pathetically like a heap of rags."
"Forewarning, gentlemen. You better watch your mouths and your behinds."
"You should have used your brains, It would have worked out better"
Bloody hell!
This gum is crap.
Damn this war.
"If he killed a BOPE officer, he'd be sentenced to death."
I've been drinking green tea all goddamn day!
Where's my puss... Hey!
"You know, do it all and fuck it!"
"You don't have evidence of anything, plus, no one would fucking believe you."
"Damn it, sir, that's a job for the police, not for us."
"Miss Johns, I am a thoroughly failed Christian person."
Oh just that Jimmy Klum got his ass kicked. So did his kid.
"The safe that the Nomads stole when they broke in, they gave Clay back all the legal shit."
"Fuck, man. They must be really worried."
I know you were given some money back in that rat hole.
Do you want Whitney to get her finger cut off?
Get him to a fucking hospital.
He's a diplo-brat I picked up in Paris.
"You don't see janitors running around being, like, ""Oh, God, I ""can't stop tapping all this ass!"""
An obscene and immoral crazy man!
"You wouldn't, unless you didn't want to kill them, you only wanted to wound them, to give them an alibi that no one would ever question."
A shithouse! And maggots were creeping all over the place!
"You know, I'm just guessing… …but I'm thinking Xena's gonna be pretty tough to kill."
You fucked the junkie?
"Throw the fucking book at him - assault with a deadly weapon, attempted murder, treason."
"You stay alive, and I get some goddamn sleep."
"Shit kicker, calling me boy all the time."
"The reek, the garbage, the filthy alley walls, the faded cross there."
"You all right, me old mucker?"
You played the whole damn school.
"The more normal he acts, the sicker he is."
The tweaker punched me in the gut.
I'll want the names and whereabouts of those murderous son-of-a-bitches.
"Oh, goddamn."
Don't you think you trash can kill me?
What do they think I would do with this shit?
Send the poor bastards home with a smile.
"Well, I was down the hall, you know, practicing my fox-trot and then I heard your music, so I figured... Go to hell!"
I am foreman of the vegetable garden... ...and now before you all starve to death...
Addons So Terry bomb ... Addons How many people have you slept with?
He reeks; he is Cain.
You suffer from a delusional disorder. It doesn't mean you're crazy.
How about a fucking warning?!
"What a jerk, huh? I was out of moves. Little Chubby won."
But the crazy guy will know.
He said they're out to get him so he's fucked off somewhere.
"Shit. If you can't share your secrets with your friends, what kind of friend are you?"
I'm not talking about jurisdictional bullshit.
"Where two principles meet which cannot be reconciled with one another, then each calls the other a fool or a heretic."
Don't make no damn sense.
Get out there and clear all the weeds and crap off the graves of the mothers and babies that died in childbirth.
We vote this shit tonight.
"Then why the fuck did Zed make us do what we did then, huh?"
"Darn, I left my checkbook at home."
No one's gone near here-- This is a fucking waste of time.
I don't give a shit what you say.
Shot dead in paris. Dead the night you walked out.
and you won't see any walls or chemical scum at all --
"Espionage and counterespionage remained the best damned game in town, and even the players themselves never really knew what the score was."
"He's kind of shy, and my mom says he'd have to be shit-faced to play in public, or else he'd make somebody else stand on stage with a guitar that wasn't plugged in."
That one with the tea cosy on his head's starting to stink.
"You call me a ""little thing"" again, and I'll put this fucking dart right between your twinkling eyes."
"Fuck, you're just a tutor."
Honor leaned back and crossed her arms under her breasts.
"Choking to death."""
"“Too damned tired,” he told himself, and wondered whether they had heard him in the backseat."
"Your mother was into all that Catholic guilt shit, not me."
What is this junk?
"Death, death is upon you, wandering warrior."
"""Goddamn it, doesn't anybody speak English anymore?"
"Of course, by then, I’il be seventy years old. A lot of the rest of you will probably be dead."
We're gonna drive into the tunnel full of fucking smashed cars.
You'd still be out cold at that gas station If I hadn't saved your ass.
"All birds eat wheat, but the guilty one is always the sparrow... ... shameless people."
It's great! Really fucking great!
She's a riot.
This is fucking great.
"Luther's not a man but a demon, clothed in his religious habit, the better to deceive us."
There's no damn key!
"That is communism, and don't try to bullshit me otherwise."
That means you got a small pecker.
Beating him is pointless. OK?
"Keep them contained, but do not shoot to kill."
"Get off him, pig! ...some very sad news for all of you, and that is that Martin Luther King was shot and was killed tonight in Memphis, Tennessee."
"White Witch was dismasted, the ends of her halyards drooping over the side."
I brought a present. I hate all that flowers of forgiveness crap.
I don't have to do a damn thing that you tell me to do.
"They barely spoke, because Ivy hated Jen K's crazy eyes."
"Pigs, we need another cake."
"""I mean, die of pneumonia-- out tonight."""
"Browning, you fucking warlock... did you hear about Ms Lewton or what?"
Black maleficent.
I'm the best goddamn diver in the whole U.S. Navy.
"Give him hell,mysterion!"
"Fire at people, aim at waist, single, shoot!"
"""You want me to suck your cock again?"""
"McMurphy get your ass over here, and bring Dracula with you."
Yes to Lucifer. Then jump in the hole.
I think he could've done the killings.
"Let's go smoke a joint, man, on the 50-fuckin'-yard line,"
"What are you going to do, Lex... kill me?"
We'd have to about kill our horses.
It is your fucking job.
22 stab wounds to the trunk.
"Now, most of you gumps get to go home every night."
AS lOng aS yOu can get that junkie dOctOr tO cOOperate.
"The article, just between us, was idiotic!"
No more bullshit. Webcam
Who the fuck is this?
What the heck do you care?
I think you killed your brother.
Fucking Christ!
"There's a lot of people in myfucking life that I wish I never met but Romeo is definitely not one of them, ok?"
"After that shit you pulled last night, I think she's even looking forward to it."
Now slap Brittany.
I want to kiss you.
Get the fuck away from him!
"Her pale, bloated face wore an expression of imbecile happiness."
"Goddamn it, Billy's right."
Did you fuck my wife?
You'll remain here till all this nonsense is out of you.
Maybe you're the kind o' guy... that would shoot an unarmed man in the back.
One patient in Sweden underwent a similar procedure only then to become a rapist.
Just one electrical surge and you'll blow us all to hell.
Damn sad is what it is.
I thought you was on the pill or some shit!
"But foolish or not, it's the way things are here, and we're the visitors."
I'll send you shit.
"Well, for starters we're looking for a woman who hated Carlton enough to want to kill him."
"And of all the women in that bar, she was the one you wanted to have sex with?"
"Frank is just a dog. Would you call him ""just a dog"" in front of your grandkids?"
"I'm holding a gun on you, young lady."
Leon hassled a little kid because he wouldn't do your dumb salute.
"Why, there you are, my little sex muffin."
"Men, women, old timers and little brats..."
I'm fucked if I know what we did.
We hit your car with that golf ball.
I'm gonna get accidental boob off your mother.
I did you a fucking favor huh?
"No, but I've read your column. Nice shit."
Don't touch me. You stink.
"Tell it to my lungs, stupid. Tell it to my lesions."
"If he'd thought of telling Abernethy to fuck off once he'd thought of it a hundred times, but where was he going to get a job, hotshot reporter turned dupe that he was, except with a small operation like the Reporter?"
"Burn one, drag it through the garden, pin a rose on it!"
"Besides, how could I have time to rewrite my novel and still do my faithful servant duty to her as her little indentured servant person , her little butt boy?"
"Although he had everything his heart desired... the prince was spoiled, selfish and unkind."
The old gods suited the island so much better than these weird Jewish imports.
"If he cures himself before then, he goes back to being a witch."
You have 30 minutes... ...to fire up that cooling unitand get your asses back up.
It's the best I can do for now... ...so let's all try and keep our shit off the floor.
"""There's a fucking dust storm blowing up down here—"" the driver was saying."
"""Shit, we are colder than they are."" - I don't think so."
"Hey, Lee Gyu Won, you are really too naive."
The King might die!
If partnership is replaced by rivalry and rivalry becomes hostility both Europe and America will be the losers.
Let the rest of the damn world deal with mutants in their own way.
Why sit here rotting till the lunatic does it again?
If they take them away I’il blow them myself.
"Then she drew a dagger and advanced on Yarblek, her bream hissing between her teeth."
"Some kind of cloning shit, I don't know."
"'What a dreadful old man,' said Susan."
"Fuck, um..."
She's trying to look pathetic on purpose.
"She was an angry drunk, though."
"You think we fuckin' were all involved in it, eh?"
"Like that bitch needs to be eating dessert anyway. You know, if you ever want counseling in anger management or... alcoholism, I'd be more than glad to do it for you."
"If anyone else survived, they will be tortured."
"Oh damn it, your legs are still immoral."
Get off of him!
"What I didn't know, was how badly they were going to cut him up."
"Hey, Taylor, how in the fuck you get here, anyway?"
Which is why he's gonna tell us what the fuck is going on.
"We sent people over to plead with him to be reasonable, but he was rude enough to kill them."
Jordy Verrill... ...you nunkhead!
"Frighten him, then make a mistake and let him go free, and he’ll go like wildfire, a vile cancer in the guts of all humanity."
What about when you blew a six-week operation... because you were busy getting a blow-job?
Dirty feet. They taste like feet.
"Stop being such a wuss, Sam, two more days and you all will be in the London discovery office and I will be stuck in Delhi, and then you will miss me and you'll be like"
"And how men are shits, and don't even trust 'em."
I would love to pick the brain of another recent transplant.
amnesia ibiza power rangers mistic forse hanah montana 2girls1cup jonas brothers enrique iglesias xxx sexy girls bb8 big brother sex scenes basshunter kama sutra nude orgasm pamela anderson sex video hentai akon linkin park wwe
All big bang whores.
Ya don't fuck around with the infinite. There's no way you do that.
"I gave birth to the ingrate, He will come to me!"
"Zero, is he talkin' shit or not?"
"It was neither Gert nor Lana the Yogurt Pop lady, but it was someone else Norman recognized, just the same — one of the whores he'd seen in the garden on the day he'd reconned Daughters and Sisters."
"She's due to be executed and, brave child that he is, he will not escape without taking her with him."
Whoever stinks gets no visitor.
"Shut 'em down, Major Gant."
No pea shooter could smack her face that violently.
"The meeting lasted 7 hours, 7 hours of jerk-off with some piece of bravery..."
Why don't you just shut up?
"She's a gold-digging wench trying to hook her little claws into a resident surgeon... before he makes the bigbucks thatshe can laterget herhands on... in an ugly, ugly, ugly. divorce settlement... that her lawyer, who she's probably schtupping on the side, will handle."
"""Don't be a dope, Mike."
"You haven't had sex lately, have you?"
We specialize in crazy.
"Yes, I can, because it's not Marlon's shit."
Calm the fuck down - and stop fucking bothering us!
"You don't have to kill yourself, honey."
The grey-skinned ones I killed .
You know you can't say that shit around here. Trust me...
"Led by their chief buffoon, they jaunted up with music, fireworks, firewater, and gifts."
"""Don't be so neurotic, sweetheart."
He's out of fucking town.
Killing us.
"I might as well go to the dance with a twit, like Willie Watt."
Miss... your average beer drinker has the IQ of a performing dog.
"Grey is putting a shunt in him, but his wife's asking for you."
Mother'il die if I get hurt.
We even know the approximate date that you're scheduled to die.
I won't let you make me feel like crap today.
"And, yo, I know the need to be a man, but being a man ain't fuelled by drugs or fists or banging your bitch."
So that's why you’re being such a jerk to Roger.
Get out of the fucking car!
Is somebody up there? Shit.
Since when do you give a shit about homework?
LANGSTON: Brave kid wasted on a fool's errand.
Duane climbed until he got above the enshrouding belt of blackness.
Whose fucking kid is that?
Dickhead.
We could sell all the shit.
"Hey, we ain't done fucking dancing!"
"You will be annihilated in the past, as well as in the future."
That son of a bitch would freeze up in the middle of summer on the Equator!
"We're going to the gate, we're gonna take the motherfucking hall back."
Sara here was hoping to pick your brains.
Put it into the trash bin.
How fucking hard is it to park in the right place?
"No one plays a tough, ruthless, hardhearted prick like you do."
I'll never understand women.
Tell him that we are the future and we don't give a fuck about him or anyone like him.
"If he is, can I personally slap him in the mouth with my pistol?"
"Or you could just play your tiny, ridiculous guitar."
You can't get a boner!
"""so stop acting like victims and confess, you murdering murderers!"
like one of your ludicrous cigarette advertisements?
I think that woman has a fractured femur.
Like I was some brainless rookie.”
Who's banging on the fucking door?
You fucking ruined everything.
In the freaking library?
"Little, why don't you tell me what it was like to put that last bullet in your Uncle Mike's head?"
I found this in the car. .556... shit!
Did you know... that your havish rat... Can chew thru the steel drain pipe?
"""Or just a fag, mate."
"And I say, ""You know, you're sick."""
Don't you hit my boy!
"And don't you fucking say a word, Masuka."
Watch TV on our phones until the criminals return and bludgeon us to death in our sleep.
"Carrie, your guy... Farhad Ghazi... ISI thug... he's here at the airport."
"Put it on a tray, take it up to him - and make him fucking drink it."
"""I think you're all insane."""
"Not always in this goddamn comic book shop, after you stay for hours with only one book."
We saved your asses. Now you wanna turn on us?
I'm going to die!
She actually gave me her damn number.
Those rats.
Killing him doesn't change that...
"“Fuck,” Bree muttered."
Get your finger outta my face!
"I'll finish here, sheriff. You can punch out."
"Yeah, my Ukrainian sucks."
Fucking good!
Why does the figure of the Ship of Fools and its insane crew all at once invade the most familiar landscapes?
"Fantan, this world is so full of crap, a man's gonna get into it sooner or later, whether he's careful or not."
I'm going to smash the window.
Francesca smiled again as she pushed his knees apart and pressed his face against her breasts.
"Your dad is the kidnapper, isn't he?"
"I have no idea, but if I did, I'd take them and I'd sell them shits."
"Maybe 2,000 years ago, we'd have stoned him to death."
"That's 3.8 million in a week, and that's taking Sunday off for a little prayer, okay? - Can you believe that shit?"
"Hey, dude. Didn't spill my beer, fucker."
"How the hell is y0ur dad, Danny?"
She likes that you fool in your hair.
I don't bring pastries to losers.
"Get the fuck off me, Roger."
"Execution was adequate, but a bit too bloody for my taste."
"Otherwise, take your conscience elsewhere while we think about saving your ass."
"I hate Richard Hendricks, that little Pied Piper prick."
"Boy, man, father. I'm a bastard's son."
"Dude, what the hell?"
"She fed him rat poison. Her roommate, a little gal named Arlene Shram, saw her do it."
"""They will be submerged, and the others will drown."
"Yeah, look at the suckers on that boy!"
We got to fucking do it.
"We're more likely to believe an important local businessman, than a foul-mouthed jerk from outta town!"
"Oh, don't fucking tell me-- the septic tank?"
"""I'm fucking a model!"""
It's a damn car.
What the goddamn hell you doing Karl? What the fuck you doing up in the middle of the night?
"Well, you seem a little bit like a loser."
You've been out in big sky country with your chicken-shit husband without a thought in the world for the lives you've ruined.
"Vicki? vicki, what the hell?!"
But it's all over if you die
"We scumbags are holding your brother Because we have physical evidence linking him to the crime and potential motive in that He states that whenever you weren't around, he was banging your wife like a big bass drum."
Isn't that ridiculous?
Who is this nutball?
"Will you shut up, for God's sake?"
"Say ""Fuck me""."
But dress rehearsals are supposed to suck.
Blacker than the vilest pit of Hell!
"What the hell you done now, Thomas?"
You scared the shit out of me!
"Instead of allowing islam to transform us, some muslims are trying to transform islam to serve their political agenda."
Go find yourself some fake Hollywood girl 'cause you and me were never real.
Have you got any pictures of that traitor?
So all the people you've killed so far... deserved it.
I would love to fix you!
"What nick is again, what trubel is. I just thought my dad was kind of crazy and getting crazier."
"I'll take this fucking thing, and put it through the window... ...and me and Cheswick will go out through the hall... ...downtown, sit down in a bar, wet our whistles... ...and watch the ball game. And that's the bet."
So if I see some Mexicans and I throw this up...
DEATH TO DENG XIAO PING LONG LIVE PRESIDENT EZEQUIEL
Your father is going to send the zombie back.
Help me cut them down.
"Sometimes when people talk, they're not asking for your freakin' opinion."
He said you're the beast!
"Donna, quit hogging your mom!"
"I'm going to enjoy ripping you apart, limb from limb. The way they ripped that unborn child from your God-forsaken womb."
"They say that the movie's just about farts. It's about family, and... you! You can't do what I do."
What the fuck?
"Yeah, you know we can't get him to take a dime from us to fix up the damn house."
ugly nobodies.
Tell him to get ahold of some antivenom and bring his ass here!
Who the helldo you think you are?
"Mommy, why is Daddy so crazy?"
Whatever the hell that thing is.
"Hit by the hammer, or some booze and bite your teeth."
Pony took one in the throat with the pitchfork.
"I'm too dumb to put the whole picture together yet, but she fires up two cigarettes and hands me one, and I taste her lipstick on it."
I once threatened to kill myself.
"Even if I should be shot, the blast ..."
You saying you don't like eating shit?
This shit cannot happen again.
They were gonna dump a lot of nuclear crap in there.
"I had to steal some poor dead fucker's car... with his fucking ashes still in it, thank you very much."
"Now, I don't have time to fuck around, so I'm gonna make this simple."
"Oh, I was a fool."
I'm sure a sterile old fuck like yourself is still capable of something completely unmemorable.
"Fuck, man, we got problems."
"Hey, nerd, you need to get yourself a bigger human shield or something."
"Bud answered by whispering ""hut"" under his breath and firing a Crippler into the man's right bicep."
"That my father was a crazy straatpreker, who died in an alley?"
"I mean, this guy shows up to me out of nowhere with a gun and a simple proposition... kill my wife for $2,000. He showed me that, while life may not have any meaning, it certainly has value."
I want you to be the mother of evil.
"I'm thinking there's dirty cops on the streets... ...cleaning the streets up on they own terms, partner."
"Come on, hit him with a pass."
"Shit, prostitute, call me one taxi to go to the hospital."
Motherfucker... Don't you dare touch the girl.
"I mean, it took 4 hours to get those fucking parts out of your car right."
"Actually, I meant more like screwing in an airplane bathroom... kind of fantasies."
Fucking lose all this blood.
"Men do not cry, men do not pout, men jack you in the fucking jaw and say..."
"You try to run, I'll hunt you down."
"After all the crap we've been through, after all the good that you've done..."
At least have the balls to pull the trigger yourself.
The last person in the world I'd wanna hurt is you.
Are you not scared to die?
"God damn it! No, you don't get it!"
She was very waspy.
Clown.
"Motherfucker, how'd you like these apples?"
This is a game of balls.
"If you were on that boat, and I know goddamn well you were... ...testify against Kleinfeldfor first-degree murder."
less and less fucking clear.
"There is a part of your brain that will say, ""no you liar, it's hard"""
"Damn, what should we do?"
He stepped out on the balcony... He stepped out on the balcony to get some air. Damn it!
"Furious with the old bastard — and with himself, as well — Eddie reached into the box."
"Well, then you better figure something else out because this is chump change."
"You know, I've had all the shit I'm gonna take from you, old man."
What is that shit?
"With a needle she carefully pricked each maggot, lifting them one at a time from his flesh and flicking them into the fire."
"But bring my friends back, wuss."
I'm fucking outta here.
"You don't give a shit about me, do you?"
I smoked you!
"Do you know how fucking long that is, Jesse?"
"You stay here, rabbit."
"The boss isn't here yet, but that's no prob. We drink some vodka, we get some butt."
"The thing I like about oral sex with my partner... I think the thing most men enjoy about oral sex with their partner is not anything sexual, ladies."
"`Have faith,' Old Thrashbarg said, `or burn!'"
You got 5 seconds to get out of here before I drop anchor on your face.
You suck the fun out of everythin McCheat.
"Gentlemen, we need to get that pussycat back."
"Shut her off, or I will!"
"I have been trying to get a sewing machine for months, but she gets a freaking car just like that!"
'It looks like . . . a garbage can.
How the fuck am I supposed to get home?
"""I pity the fool that messes with me."""
What a shitty weather!
We slaughtered them during the night.
"Where's the doctor, fuck it?!"
"Most fellas in this business, they get their retirement papers straight from the Grim-fucking-Reaper."
"By the time he got the glass of water to Jack’s lips, the poor bugger had gone back to sleep with his head on Johnnie’s shoulder."
"You and your boys on the street, y'all is bait."
"God, black guys love scarface."
Don't be fools!
"It was the only movie that won Oscars with balls... ...I mean, since Deerhunter."
The only thing that makes this bloody life Bearable to me Is being a decent steward!
"Okay, everyone, let's move over there... ...where the scenery is a little less rape-y."
"I, Prince Potemkin, shall whip him from the palace!"
Get the fuck off!
"Damn it, I can't find my keys and my stupid purse!"
Teachers don't even give a shit about teachers.
Y eah. this is what the fuck will happen every time you don't pay me.!
What the hell are you doing?
The look on your fuckin' face!
You enjoy hurting people.
I am the only ally you witches have in this town.
Would you ladies shut up?
(girl) I know nothing about a fuckin' dog!
And sort your shit out with your brother.
"Okay. So then, as your boss, I say do your damn job."
“And you said warning someone about ridiculous behavior isn’t an excuse for it.”
We'll hang soon.
"Look, is y'all gonna arrest me? Then go the fuck ahead and arrest me."
We're totally ignorant of ourselves
"Woe upon you, scribes and Pharisees, you hypocrites... ...that encompass sea and landto gain a single proselyte... ...then make him twice as worthyof damnation as yourselves."
You're dead. I'm gonna use my gun.
"Fucking Roethlisberger, the quarterback, was all fucking'"
Are you insane? They would have destroyed the world.
"Fuck. ""'My flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed.""'"
"I came here to do something... and damn it, I'm gonna do it."
"Why didn’t he think ahead, remember what his afternoon schedule was before chowing down like a damned hog?"
What you're doing is a disgrace.
And now he realized a terrible thing: he had gotten so fixated on the beer that he had forgotten the fucking guns.
Oldtown had been a phony hick New York.
"Craig, what the hell is this?"
"Oh, don't worry, mayor, we'll cut them Indians down to our size."
"You see, this is how crazy Batman 's made Gotham."
And you are evil.
"And like a flaming dipshit you believed her, dumped your jock boyfriend... ditched town and moved to Hollywood to have a crack at fame and fortune. Am I missing anything?"
"Did you know there are all these tunnels and secret rooms where they used to have ritual animal sacrifices and sadomasochistic sex orgies with people writhing around naked, covered in goat blood?"
You promised me you wouldn't watch that trash.
"Bro... I just don't understand how fucking fast they were, man."
We're gonna walk back in there... ...and then I'm gonna give you a karate chop: And then I'm gonna sneak her out the window.
"When you came up from London, I thought, ""Oh, fuckin' hell."""
They expect me to cut my finger off.
"Oh, I once had a three handicap and no one can say I didn't because there's no one around except me who remembers the damn rules."
Then where the hell did she go?
"We're all going to die out here but none of us need to be reminded of that fact so you die, you never existed."
There ain't one swinging-dick private in this platoon's gonna graduate... ... until they can get this obstacle down to less than 1 0 fucking seconds.
"""It's my booty."" ""No, it's my booty."" booty, booty, booty."
Slaughter without stunning requires an accurate cut of the throat to minimise suffering.
Why? To what fucking good?
You'll just end up in the hole where that asshole Banks wants you.
I told you it was a dream Shut up.
"Hell, you were shooting at me in Mexico."
"I think it sucks, dude."
Bloody hell. Must've needed a hell of a prescription for that lot.
You're a squanderer.
"Whatever the fuck it is, I ain't got it."
You can turn up anywhere looking pathetic and mourning some brave young airman.
They shoot.
"""The Next Day"" is that he made it in New York and nobody knew a goddamn thing about it."
New ideas needed a running jump to get into the old rat's head.
"It's Christmas Eve, damn it!"
"Those morons. if escaping was easy, I would have been out of here."
Just answer the fucking question.
See that shit?
"Until 10 years not did not know that group, which shows our ignorance."
Anything of flesh is killed by her gaze. Killed by her.
So can we just kill the story?
Don't those fucking assholes know the world is a shitty place?
I'm just telling you how you're being fucking perceived!
Who gives a fuck what I do?
I believe they should be served with the head.
"He entered the big wolf again, meaning to rip Utlapa's throat out."
"We got every mob in town, East Side, West Side, ready to pull together, share that good shit that Prop Joe is putting out there."
Your girlfriend's looking very fucking healthy.
Why don't you go find another fuckin' place to sleep!
Shit no. You guys started this.
I don't give a damn!
I'm not giving up my boys and you fucking know that.
What the hell was that?
"To Heidecker, we were lab rats."
"You had to protect me ... but you're fucking me, that's all."
"I'm bressed if he ain't more of shark dan Massa Shark hisself,"" muttered the old man, limping away; with which sage ejaculation he went to his hammock."
"SOKOWSKl: You look like hell, Cash."
Have you ever engaged the services of a prostitute?
"Look, whoever the shooter is, they were gonna kill Jack whether we were there or not, and, technically, I had an out."
"Ruthless, impulsive, dangerous."
"I'm Nancy, and my son is gay."
Shut up now.
"The first question had to do with ""Netiquette"": the appropriate terms to call blacks, Jews, homosexuals, Mexicans, and other minorities."
Your brother sounds like a bad lot.
"I know Katherine Howard well enough, for I have had her by the cunt-"
We're nothing but pawns for a rich woman's sick scheme.
"I tell dickhead the truth,"
"'That's enough of your womanly nonsense,"" cried Klils, struggling to his feet."
"Merry Christmas, motherfucker!"
Do you remember the... the last time we had sex?
"Remember, Mr. Finley, I'm not afraid to get my hands bloody."
Don't fucking move.
Ken Davis arranged for him to be deported back to Iraq where he'll be killed.
"You know today's matter, who would help us by shooting the cops?"
"this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of -1.21 gigawatts!"
Ηe killed Dylan.
But he was already black.
Don't talk to me about that dump.
"Concerning Sex or Lust: Take full advantage of spells and charms that work; if you be a man, plunge your erect member into her with lascivious delight; if you be a woman, open wide your loins in lewd anticipation."
"You name him something stupid, like-like Cutter?"
"My old man would show up at school, take the lunch money my mom gave me, beat the piss out of me with an extension cord."
"I'm not trying to piss you off,... ...but I can't drive you around while you kill people."
It's always the same Fuck!
She'll be dead before then.
You look wasted.
The blood of your deaths shall be the eternity Of OUT resurrection.
And he's the very worst thing in the world.
No you dickhead... He only got drinks to go to Big Day Out.
Tell Kensi to burn Niko. Force him to show his hand.
You're as bad as Justin.
We gotthat stupid meeting in the morning.
"Everybody's looking for the American dream, but is a sucker's bet."
I know it's stupid of me to cry.
"The blacks had not as yet come upon Tarzan's cabin on the distant beach, but the ape-man lived in constant dread that, while he was away with the tribe, they would discover and despoil his treasure."
"You are a mirage, a hallucination, a phantasm."
"He’d been sent 14 times to the same place in the same fuckin’ month, with those fuckin’… telephone engineers."
"Here I am, this little kid... ... and I can't stop drawing dicks to save my own life."
"'Cause it gotta be damn difficult, you living in Rocky's shadow, people calling you his puppet."
"Fuck. - what's the matter, Stu?"
You are human tennis elbow.
Bastard's fingernail was sharp as a boar's tooth.
He knew that she had had to bear all the worst of his stupidity.
Or maybe it's all a bunch of crap and that's just an old rock.
"The brute's head was nearly a meter wide, while the long segmented body, slick with some stinking secretion, seemed to fill the corridor behind it."
"Hey, couple of pints of horse piss, please."
"I'm against blokes in porn, there should be only women."
We looked like a couple of drowned rats.
Where the fuck is my phone?
And your clavicles.
"If I only had a body, I would slap her on the bed."
You're too young to use a knife. You'll cut yourself.
"Well, shit."
"Even I got to admit, you look pretty bad ass."
"Heads we have sex, tails we order a whole pizza and just lay here moaning."
"But John, John was so fucking convincing."
I want to take you underneath the Eiffel Tower and make love to you.
"That's some dysfunctional shit. My next partner'll invite me to his barbecues, though."
"Oh, of course not. Big insurance will pay for an 80-year-old man to get a boner... ...but God forbid his spine is erect."
Got to get that bomb off.
I'm saving one for the firing squad.
Drop dead.
Hypersensitives are born different from everyone else.
"""Don't be a fool,"" said Dorsett, showing his teeth."
"Except, of course, for the donkey head."
"You would think that if you created a place where people could come and they could... They could commit any crime they could think of, just any fucked up thing that comes into their head, they could get it out of their system and they'd become better citizens, you know?"
Just don't go do one of your stupid hustles for money.
We should've killed him long since.
I have a signed order to cremate the body.
No goddamn right!
Edgar Roy is a freak.
"By the way,i started out this game with the strategy of being a brutal jerk, and was going to try and come around."
Stop the fucking truck right now!
"“Beth, I want you to stop pushing every damn button you see.”"
I thought we were recording shit.
"Well, the fish fucked off, all right, but Mrs. Nugent didn't."
I would like to fight with the Japanese
How the hell did you get in here?
What the hell is Laire?
Guards
What the hell do you call that?
Lousy husband.
The Miss's caught me eating one of her chocolate bars out of the cleaning lady's vagina.
"If the Margrave had ordered his Gars to kill her, she'd be dead already."
"And fuck you, pretty boy."
"Well, gentlemen, in a project of such risks, it is imperative to enlist the services of a hooligan, a goon, an ape, a physical brute,"
"Ridiculous. Glasses are cool, see?"
That fucking mess!
"Shit, putting me in an awkward position… why did he do it?"
Driving me fucking crazy.
She dies if I press this button.
The fuck are my plants?
"I said, multiple scrot cysts, as in multiple cysts in your scrotum."
"""Then I will need shot."""
Get off me!
But his back's as crooked as a politician.
"The more I think about it, the more pathetic the main character seems."
Do you want Krista to walk in and see a remote control floating in mid-fucking-air?
"We are not trying the rape of Miss Hailey today... ...but the murder of two young men, andif you continue in this performance... ...l'il hold you in contempt."
"Run, bloody, run!"
I'm taking you shit to the fucking bedroom.
I'm a failure!
Even my reputation can't handle that dork hit.
I hope Caroline puts all of them in little cages.
Ten of them. Shot them on the spot.
"The one with the least points has to wear a sign saying "" jackass""... right here on his back."
Now take your ass back in that kitchen and bring me something I ain't gonna choke on.
Get the hell out.
What shit? It's meant to look real.
"If I went home with him, it'd be the only time I'd ever had sex to validate my life."
"If you had any brains at all, you'd give up."
Your goddamn negativity! I don't need it!
Why the hell did you tell us to dress nice to take us out here?
Do you have anythingthat's not utterly repugnant?
"Shit! Target two is down. I repeat, target two is down."
Damn... No!
"I've taken a lot of shit from you, but be careful you don't go too far."
Watch your fucking mouth!
I'm gonna be inside having sex with Rita.
Why do the scum want me to send Sharpe?
He didn't deserve that. No way he deserved that. He was a true fucking soldier.
At the crazy house of the even crazier Finch.
"And then you'd notice about six huge, hairy tits... swelling up on your back."
He's ceo of greengate retirement centers. Are you crazy?
"Hot stuff. I bet I could hear that if I tried, and maybe a little labia-flapping kind of action."
"Killed Dawn, I wonder if he had sex with her or not."
"In the Americas' soil, the white man has planted seeds of hatred... ...the seeds of violence."
"If I could have a look at these files, then I could go after those other wankers."
"Where's the thing, the fucking axe?"
My bitch of a wife thinks I owe her something.
"Mid-30s, white, marginally employed... ...sexually abused as a kid."
So why the hell did you bυild them?
"Listen, buddy, I don't what the fuck he's talking about."
"Bloody leave it, will you!"
"""What in the nether hell do you think I'm doing?"""
You're the fucking problem !
What is this shit?!
"Don't think too much, and don't you be no fool."
One contributing factor to being gay may be the environment.
"It's been 18 months, and I've been doin' all the fuckin' legwork."
"Sylar is out there, and he's planning a slaughter."
What the fuck is gonna make me leave?
"Do I make you horny, baby?"
I don't wanna fuck up like I did.
"You know, you are a very suspicious woman."
When we find this traitor... we will force him to give us what's rightfully ours.
"I know I know, shut up right?"
"Only if you don't get quite good enough at it, like my daddy trying to be a soccer player, you're screwed."""
"Oh, fuck's sake!"
"Anyway, we knew it's just lies in the papers... ...bullshit from politicians just to upset people..."
"Once we know how and why, we want to eliminate him."
He hates foreign people.
The other rice looks like fucking black sludge.
"I'm gonna make sure you regret that you ever screwed with me,pal."
"If you want to play dumb, could you at least have the decency to make the shirts in a color that would highlight my undertones?"
"If you say he has my nose, I'll bust yours."
"Just let us go, damn it!"
"I never carry that shit, man."
I don't care what goddamn religion he is.
"Vengeance upon that slut Harrington, but not just upon her."
Working the case for 30 years and you don't think it deserves a damn call. - Hey.
"Dylan. Jamie, you want to get this guy out of my face before I break his fucking skull?"
It was a ring of corrupt cops in the NYPD that ran a high-profit racket... ...driving smugglers and drug dealersall over the city.
He was a clown. You guys missed your party to come here and... see me?
South beach went from coked-out hookers and heroin junkies to Madonna and Versace. I'm sorry.
When Moe finds out we're gone... ...he's gonna come barreling up your ass like a freight train.
"""Dormitories of mediocre minds filled with insidious promises and empty lies."""
"Why would a trained pathologist make up the ridiculous data that could easily be proven false, all for the questionable benefit of publishing an article?"
It's goddamn unfair.
What the hell does that mean?
The only reason half these guys start shit... it's not because they wanna fight me.
Put the fucking gun down!
"If you're such a great boyfriend, why don't you know that your girlfriend is on her way to Chicago for the Wexler deposition? - Oh, shit."
Shut up. You'll bleed out in the field as our army passes by.
That maybe your cunny isn't quite the draw you think it is.
"The fact is, Jimmy was happy, well-traveled and ignorant, and you just took away two of those things."
"Just check out my shit, please."
Idiots! That is why you're never Getting home.
There's a special place in the seventh hell for your kind.
Now you're too weak and frail.
Call me an asshole one more time.
You're throwing shit on me!
"Look, this team gets into a lot of shit."
"If Abigail said that, she's the liar."
"Give me a break, Arab!"
I love this shit.
"If you ever hear me mention anything about wanting kids, please feel free to punch me in the liver."
"He paused, then shot the killer."
"Alligator sex is pretty much like human sex, certainly in the style of copulation."
Every creep and scumbag that works the street... will know the name of Verbal Kint.
"Germinating the seed in water, you shit-for-brains."
"Lil J, don't you fuckin` move!"
"Perverts. Hey, I've seen you use more than a finger."
And now she's fucking the guy from the chili peppers.
Damn happy new year.
"He turned his head and looked at the clock, but the goddam thing had gone off again in spite of its fancy anti-magnetic casing, flashing 12-12-12, like a stutterer caught on one word."
A wagon full of women's junk!
I'm sick of that shit.
"There goes your christmas gift, you Judas!"
All these guys deserve triple the money on the next run. Fuck yeah!
Why'd you pick this shit hole?
A nurse with really big boobs that works at the medical center.
Where the hell is he going?
"Shit, man, there's no money in the safe."
"Dammit, Glenn."
"True, but you deserve a beating."
"You wouldn't bullshit me, would you?"
Are you out of your fucking mind?
"I don't know about this habit of yours of just walking up and punching the poor souls in the face."""
Aren't those a little elitist and obnoxious?
And I'm not gonna let you make me fucking miserable about it.
Last night something ripped Fraser up like a fucking puppet!
"You can show me how the other half lives Or not lives, 'cause...'cause you're dead."
See you got me waiting I should break your shit.
"Holy shit, man, I think I did some renal damage holding it in that long."
Your little sister is seriously hot!
"Damn it, we don't have a second."
In the morning we got in a fucking argument.
Throw him off!
I must fight you with my hands
I must look absolutely gross.
Because I didn't get drunk and have sex with you?
"Damn right we are. It's, uh, the oldest institution of its kind, and as such, many people refer to it as the Harvard of Internet colleges."
"They think I'm a lesbian, just because I don't wear prada or get a tit job."
This is witch business.
"Thanks for reminding me, nerd."
Listen. I don't like this shit.
Where the fuck can I find him?
"In blind rage Locklear slashed out, cutting the troll across the back of the neck."
"If anyone should be done with girls, it's me."
It's your tainted blood.
"Every session, he makes me talk about my sexual problems."
What about Bullshit Spice?
We bust him for kidnap and torture And he's just gonna walk right outta here.
Look at this mad one she's not changed
"""If I kill him, I have no honor, because he's showing us all how brave he is."
"Hey, my snow-white American friends, let's put some cow meat on the barbecue and eat it until we're all obese."
"Foul play? Shit, no."
Awful. Gross.
"Damn, Emily..."
I don't give a damn!
It's too late to kill Siobhan now.
That somebody's about to fuck with this airport.
"I don't know what you are saying, bitch!"
No idea what I just said... but I'm sure there's gonna be hookers at our hotel tonight.
"You appoint the assassin, I will deliver the means."
Lick me!
Which is why we'll screw her first.
Whatever the hell his name is.
"Eat that frog dick, Timmy! Eat it!"
"Wonder Woman sits up, says, 'What the fuck was that?'"
They can rot there together.
Where's my damn daughter?
"You just have to act like you're miserable, though."
I've never seen that about any woman or man... even if it was that the person is ugly.
"Fuckin' relax, guys!"
"Shit, where are they?"
"Teenager works for Ray Stodds drove up, dumped his body from the truck like he was a bag of garbage."
"You're fucking with me, right?"
That is so foolish!
Unless you want to stay here in this loser existence... ...while your daughter grows up to be a fluffer in her new daddy's videos.
"""If you believe that,"" Molly said, the accent of the gutter where she had been raised in life coming through more strongly, ""you must also believe the Tooth Fairy is queer."""
"If I came up with a tenth of the shit your dad produced, I could write my ticket to any math department in the country,"
"Went back to the precinct, stole the shit out of the evidence room."
YGOR: You will have the brain of your friend Ygor.
"Jack, Newsweek is calling you a ""Zionist thug."""
Get your ass on the fence.
The sentence is death.
"Okay, she had a big blue nose, Skin like a crocodile."
The motherfuckers hate each other.
Give me some fags.
"You mean I've been waiting eighteen years for you to get your butt out of this house, and now you're staying?"
"Shut up, I'm trying to make a point here."
Imaginewhat three goddamn nukes would do!
"If Boss knew, you'd be dead meat."
"We had a really good spot... -Oh, shit. ...and I walk in, and everyone's on their lunch break."
Are you fucking deaf?!
Shut up! It was big and nasty.
"It's Dutt Street, how fuckin g hard is it to remember that?"
"There's not a lot in this world that I love, but the shit that I love, I don't trust with nobody."
Billy the Jew. Jimmy del Fini. And that fucking guy who drives the bus.
"I can't believe it, in my fucking house?"
Carter gave one queer scream.
It's just a big dumb pond. This morning I saw a YouTube clip of a little puppy riding a motorcycle.
No. - Sex with a newscaster?
I am gonna shit on everything that he loves.
"""It's that stupid thing Longbottom's gran sent him."""
Fuck!
"The fentanyl- I covered Eddie's ass and my ass too, but I didn't name any names."
Thomas. - We've got the bastard.
I just drained that poor fuck you left tied up to the bed.
I never would have let him punch those ugly holes in my ears.
"I know the Bible says you get closer to God and crap if you sew the holes in my socks, but this is just wrong."
"If my father had seen the things that I've seen, he'd also tell you to burn the dead before nightfall."
Lucas is being a pest.
Do you want a career prosecuting or the odd bone tossed your way by a clerk running Shoe Lane on booze and bullshit?
You're so fucking hot.
His evil spread like a plague... destroying towns... maiming and killing.
Is that the biggest ass you've ever seen?
"Then the rest joined in, making pig-dying noises and shouting."
Antimodes settled himself in a chair and wondered what in the name of Lunitari he was going to say to these urchins.
Your mother has a subdural hemorrhage.
"Yes, Max, that's how sex works."
What the hell have you done?
To have his kneecaps splif and his body burned away
"Jerk! It is I, I who freed the slaves, I who united --"
"I mentioned the Bunker Brothers Circus in ‘81... ...and their, uh, evil-clown apocalypse."
"Oh, you're being cute, you little shit."
"He smelled the sickly, rotten odor of Roogs and the hair stood up on his back."
But I'm not fucking stressed.
"And Disco Dan. - Burn, baby, burn!"
Maybe he killed her in a jealous rage.
There are things that I know about that I did in the service that I won't talk to you about now because they're top secret and I could get my ass in trouble for talking about them.
I'll go to Ballistics and run this through. And confirm this turd is our shooter.
We need a hooker.
She decided what she wanted to be and damn the facts.
You attract troubles like flies around rotting mango and your insane...
then why kill him?
You're planting shit in my purse and in Kevin's head?
I suggest you suck it up... and fast.
"Yeah, stupid that your grandson's coming now."
"The lady, who had already screamed once, had her face buried against the gentleman's arm ... and the gentleman in question was gaping like a fool at nothing in particular."
No more fuckin' secrets.
Welcome to the gay metropolis.
Damn. Um...
Goddamn It.
They must have moved the goddamn thing.
Jim. What the hell did you do to Eddie?
"“You’ll die, but you are immortal.”"
At 10:00 he's going to break into the room and shoot!
Don't go out and get laid by your snitches and your secretaries and strippers!
"Indian fighter, hell - Indian lover!"
He sprayed me with that death machine.
"But having been de-friended by you last night on Facebook, I say get your own damn ketchup."
"""Gareth had worse fortune, and I will have Lancelet's life for it, if I die myself at his hands."
"Last time, Lilith snapped her fingers and put 30 demons on our ass."
And that's the year he dies.
"""We don't want your fucking documents."
If your limbs or even your head were cut off you'd be able to rejoin them.
"He's vicious and impulsive, and the only way to kill him is to get inside his defenses."
"""My parents were dope fiends,"" the girl said."
"Oh, really? Then how come nobody wanted to play with your ass?"
You're dead to the knowledge of yourself and your people and to the knowledge of your God.
Fucking monster.
"I know Granny says Julius Beaufort is a scoundrel, but so is my husband, and the family still want me to go back to him."
Did you know that you're a criminal?
"Shit, Denise needs her insulin shot."
You hate kids.
Will you shut up.
"Right there! Now slide two fingers in your pussy, honey. Yes, good..."
I also killed those kids last year.
"Hey, ""Deviant Behavior""-- this shit must be a blast."
Damn! If only I knew where we were!
And then let a radio hit her on the head?
"Charlotte, all I need is for you to get off my back."
Or screw with a hallucinating priest.
So you should... ...all you who are vile.
"Not rain man! I should never have let you into this lab, Miss annie fanny panties in a bunch!"
"I thought you said it was dangerous and morally repugnant, but what the hell!"
In the garbage.
Tell me... suck.
You have a fucking brother. How cool is that?
"And as soon as we get through the firewalls of the other buyers, we'll have you for those kills, too."
"I wish to hell you'd have been here Through the whole thing, kate."
Shoot me! I'm going nowhere.
"No, I bought all this shit after the riots."
He cursed and stared stupidly at the weapon before he realized that he had a loaded pistol in his belt.
"Sadly, Jack, I am not up on the latest in hooker hairdos."
"What, you think he makes that money with his crappy pizza?"
From the minute she met Dante... ...Samantha was in hell.
"Sure, I get the good parking spots, but who could love a man with one leg and a face like a hen's arse?"
Get off of him!
"""Exquisite, old worm."""
A bisexual bowler.
He's worse than the ministers you ordered to death.
"It's shit, but I can handle it. Yeah."
Open the god damn door!
It's ridiculous playing scouts when it is so cold!
"You scared, pussy?"
"Belatedly, it occurred to Miles that if this was a bribe, Haroche's oily flattery of him back in Illyan's office, all that You and Illyan were such a great team, was pure horseshit."
If you can shoot a chimp out of a cannon... you can shoot a ship out of a volcano.
"I'll kill you too, buddy."
Our bomber was an exterminator.
"Second, he was more uptight about covering his own ass on the issue than he was about four killers snatching Holly Johnson right off the street."
"Two new lesions... my leg hurts, there's protein in my urine, the doctor says... but who know what the fuck that portends."
"That fear, it will start to creep away and after a few days you're gonna realise no one knows shit."
"Of course, if you want her to grow up nervous and cowardly."
I stopped him from killing Corrine and your kids.
"Terrible name for a planet, might as well call it ""dirt""."
"First motherfucking thing they did. You know, they see I pay a big money bond for my boy... they start thinking that ""where there's smoke there's fire"" logic."
It was his goon that slammed my parents' car into that train. ...took down Archer's partner.
"I thought American men were bad enough, but none of them has ever so consistently made me feel like a helpless, stupid little girl."
"And then one day, he falls under the spell of a mysterious English woman, a harpy, who beats him and hits him. And he becomes her slave and he sews her clothes and worships... Stop!"
I waited for you when we were engaged and that all went to hell.
Hit me with it.
Now she sees me as just a killer.
"""Excuse me, Mr. Kub. I seem to have found some water in your semen. """
"That gives us forty minutes to get the fuck out of Dodge... which, if you do what I say when I say it, should be plenty."
Billy Crash here ha' got his pistol upside her head!
There is a special place in the Seventh Hell for your kind.
"You have a social disease, my friend."
There should've been a bloodied corpse.
My mom... A boner...
"Alvin and the Chipmunks have more soul, Spanish people have the worst taste in music."
After 25 years of abstinence are you crazy?
"Your husband screwed around a lot, you know that?"
"""Here, a face shot."""
"Can't taste my fricking tongue, K."
Shit I think he's dead Rock.
"Damn, he's dead!"
I think I see one. - Shut up.
I want to be a President of the United States who makes sure that we never again do business with a drug-running Panamanian dictator.
"They must do a lot of humping here, because those things breed like rabbits."
"Oh, bro, I was thinking, too, most people I see, they buy an eight ball from me in the afternoon, next thing you know, I'm getting a call at midnight asking me for more shit."
Only when I'm shit-faced.
You regret what youfucking want. Use that.
"But your dad was a screw-up, too."
But first thing you're doing in the morning is clean this crap up.
"It'll be out in the morning, poor little devil."
"Come on, it's crawling with bleedin' Germans."
He would be perfect to do Beth Kramer's face work... ...after the unbelievable job he did on Mrs. Morton's buttocks.
Or I will darken the sky with their ashes.
"Fuck, no."
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
"We have to see Man in all his weakness. We have a brain that can go across the universe, but we can also shit like a baby, like my professor."
Thought you might shed some light on why I'm schlepping my fat ass 75 miles.
This team isn't about your damn stats.
"At which point she opens the door to the sitting room, skips through, slams it again so Slothrop runs right into it, bounces off, sez shit, opens the door to find her waving a big red damask tablecloth at him."
We like real brothers and shit.
Your sake sucks!
"Traitor, you betray me"
"Probably suck the blood Of virgins, Eh?"
But I don't know how that thug KK found out.
"Normal face, normal legs, normal hips, normal ass... but with a big perfectly round pot belly."
"Oh, for god's sake, shut up."
"Alicia, I need you. You slept with my best friend."
I've had guys jerking off to me since I was 15.
Damn ! I still look hood .
You made him the drunkard he is!
Garbage wrapped in skin.
"Easy, for fuck's sake."
"""Damned money!"" the succubus exclaimed, meaning it literally."
"He had said, he would kill someone"
I am placing it on your skin. Shit!
Martinez was nailin' Buck's wife. - Holy shit.
"It's the first time I've been away for so long... ...and personally, I hope I never see you motherfuckers again."
You're so fuckin' pretty!
We'il be fucking pariahs.
* I want your ugly I want your disease *
"The defendant is guilty-as-charged, And by wesenrein law, you will now be put to death."
"You don't get offended that there's toilet paper when you have to take a shit,"
"Drop by a magazine rack, deal with the issues in your marriage... ...and stop taking this shit outon the rest of us, sister."
Who shits for an hour?
"His own sword was of humbler make, honest steel, well-tempered, nameless as befitted a common soldier or a lord's bastard son."
"He picks uphis fucking head, he says..."
"What, that crap Obi-Wan told us?"
"Escort me if you don’t trust me, I don’t care, but there’s only a few hours left, and I have to fucking see him."""
"So when she says, ""Oh, damn spot,"" she's really trying She's really trying to clear her conscience."
"Don't be a fool, Darrell."
"It's just that... You kill Hamersly, OK."
So clean he stinks.
I'm not gonna hang myself in the toilets.
You've slayed him.
"And I finally understood, as I never had before-not through sex, not through food, not through the lost exuberant physicality of childhood, not from the pinpricks of a hundred petty injuries and instantly cured diseases-that this vision of escape was meaningless, a false arithmetic, an idiot dream."
I don't really give a shit what you're doing...
I'll only just use a couple and then move on to sex and love.
"""Just one goddamn minute,"" David said, breaking into the conversation."
Stop driving yourself crazy.
"If those people find Keilani and Alana before we do, they're as good as dead."
"I weigh 92 pounds, you dick."
Picking up handkerchiefs off the floor with your teeth when you're naked.
"If we get women together on the same team and all that shit, what happens?"
Throw it.
"Damn it, sir! Your mother did not send you to me to debauch innocent girls."
What the fuck is wrong with you?
"Take a chance. Hire the smart fat girl."""
Tell that arsehole to take care of the customers!
"Yeah, get up, you rabbit."
I am gonna wipe the floor with that little know-it-all.
It sucks for both of us.
"Here, why don't you see if you can get the Indian woman on the butter to blow you a kiss?"
Get ready to go as soon as they kill that noise.
I'm not gonna give that whore any of my money.
"No, it's no fucking bueno."
You can't just come up here... - Shut up.
Holy shit!
"""They must be insane."
Should win a damn medal!
"Because, you know, he probably-- He had plans to kill me. I was aggressive."
I was talking to my son. -Bullshit!
And what... ...l just stab a button and get rid of you?
People murdered by a madman.
The dance floor is whites only.
Were you sucking Saxe off?
Kay would have been stupid if she had not noticed the almost terrified concern Connie had for whether Michael liked Carlo or not.
And you're alex. and you should kiss me.
Why don't you just accept his proposal and be done with this nonsense?
"As Asian in Sixteen Candles, Long Dog Dick."
You mean you fucked up by moving to Paris to be with me?
"You're nice, even if you are a moron."
"""Actually, I'm sort of glad to see that miserable blowhard."
Johnson's my best goddamn man.
"Damn, I always forget the little one. TED:- All right."
Average man would be lucky to shoot twice.
Your mommy has been a bad girl.
When I cum I throw my head back hard.
Wait a goddamn minute!
"Yeah, dumb ass, you're even smarter than President Camacho."
Don't be so silly.
"Now go on, take that body to the Haitian, and pay him to make it disappear."
I wasn 't planning on killing her... ...but plans change.
"Enough with the ass-slapping, okay? Please."
I'm fucked!
"Perhaps your granny is a liar, mine's not."
What they do is they send out worker rats that are called...
"All the free shit, baby!"
"'You just didn't like to read about dissections, you old grump,' Jimmy said absently, and produced a small hammer."
"You see, I felt more guilty about being a homosexual than a murderer."
"You're just a liar. He thinks we're all living in a fantasy world,"
Don't take any foolish risks and don't get separated from the others.
"""Mostly they teach chauffeurs for politicians, diplomats, rich businessmen how to handle a car like James Bond, escape terrorist traps, kidnappers, shit like that."""
I'll cut your tongue out.
"He's not much of a man in black. - lnside, Sire."
He's corrupt.
"""Terminate Mozart's Ghost and terminate Angel now."""
"Rest assured, if you attempt to bring destruction down upon me... I shall do the same to you."
"There is a public interest in making him look ludicrous, as there is an interest in Hustler expressing that he is full of BS."
I'm gonna start screwing all your clients.
What is the fuckin' problem?
There's nothing sexier than a hot Asian chick!
Obviously it's perfectly ridiculous.
"Look, I know that this sounds nuts, but that doll,"
Wrong word. Like a porcu-pig.
Are you stupid? Didn't you hear what I said?
"If you like it, it's not stupid."
"Either way, you die, admiral."
Just be miserable for the rest of your life.
"Let me die, she prayed."
You can't wait until I'm dead.
The teacher got mad as the devil at me... and said you were teaching me to read all wrong... and to stop it. and then acted like a fool and tried to give Walter Cunningham a quarter... when everybody knows Cunninghams won't take nothin' from nobody.
"Well, I gave him a beating."
We'll know soon if it was used to kill your father.
"With cases like this one, you get put in some strange fucking places."
"When a writer is having fun, it shows, and pagans have more fun than Christians."
What the fuck's wrong with you?
I don't know what the hell you said to them this morning.
Why don't you hit it?
Did you pay lorne malvo to kill sam hess?
You got your girlfriend drunk at last year's Christmas party and then paid a kid from the mail room to have sex with her while she was passed out just so you could break up with her guilt-free when she sobbingly confessed in the morning.
"He's all, ""Get in the fucking car, I'll take you to it."""
63 percent want her dead.
Come here... let's fuck...
T-Dog: You see anybody else here stepping up - to save your brother's cracker ass?
What is this shit? Everyone's looking for us today.
Where is this witch who dares craft moonlight rings without my permission?
You mean kill.
"Even if we get suspects in the case… we got nothin', nothin', nothin'! Fuck!"
"He started to put his thumb in his mouth to suck it, but that was a baby trick."
"Then do your damn job, Carrie."
"Two con men, one black, one white."
Lying bastard!
"""You said chickens weren't enough, so we got you a goat to kill."
Where is your damned Egyptian?
"I hate to break this to you, pal, but your girlfriend over there has a world-class cheating gene."
Dork. Do you think it's funny?
"Give it hell, Luke."
That's my fuckin' neighbor.
I could fucking threaten you.
Are you going to wax nostalgics the whole goddamn weekend?
Christ. You can't see a damn one of them.
I'm going to find the next immunity idol and I ain't going to tell a damn soul.
"I mean, think of it as a wedding present to my fucking kid, huh?"
"“Rise,” said the Tatrix to Ost, “or you will die on your belly like the serpent you are.”"
Are you jacking off like crazy?
He's revisiting the scenes of his failures and converting them to successes by killing.
I'm a dirty murderer.
When the fuck did this happen?
But you don't have one... ... because that scum robbed you.
"Well, well. Looks like my brother ripped out a page of my revenge sex handbook."
Have some fucking respect.
Blocked the victim from escaping and watched him burn alive.
You serve that detestable human who tricked me into inhaling lo Dust and then made me pledge never to hunt the valley or its people so long as he remained King!
"I told you to get rid of that shit you stole, but did you?"
"Don't play games, bitch, I'll kill you."
is gored with a poisoned knife;
"I took him back to my place, stripped off his clothes, ran my tongue up and down his gorgeous body and felt nothing."
There was damage to the mucous membrane in his anus.
I don't know. Tucker is the underage victim of statutory rape.
I'm just gonna soak your hand.
"She'il kill me, too."
"You better help your nigga, man."
"It is a big deal. Being able to solve a Rubik's cube directly correlates to spatial intelligence, which means that idiot jock might actually be smart."
I had intercourse with that right fielder like 18 hours ago.
You wouldn't even have the fucking idea If it wasn't for me. That's bullshit.
"You're mediocre, but you have your moments of greatness."
Is he filthy rich or stinking rich?
"Fuck. Sir, we need to ask you some questions."
"Well, if I don't die, tell her she's a tramp and she's living with a guy... the best you could say about him is sometimes he returns phone calls."
Gonna be so ugly.
"What a week, shit."
Shut up! - That's not possible. Georges saw M Ballon climb out of Maria's window after the shooting.
We'll take you to your daddy's bones.
Fuckin' dead bodies everywhere
I hate the people who do the drugs.
"No one has sex with Lucy Bennett, takes naked pictures of her and gets away with it."
"You know,Justin might be a little kid, Kip... but he's got more balls than you'll ever have."
You wanna tell me what this was doing in the trash?
"If she knew what was going on in your head, she'd think you were sick."
This old horrible bomb's gonna come and wipe it all away.
Saddle stunk of butcher's boy for weeks.
"You know, it's really one of my favorite parts of rehab, because it's like when all of the different weirdos get to be like, ""I'm sorry that I stole your car..."" Or, like, ""I'm sorry that I shit in your fish tank..."""
I'm gonna puke!
I could see that his fat face was amused.
"Next time, you give a blow job because you want to."
"You're a powerful witch, whether you like it or not."
"Then, when they didn't come any more, we hunted them down and destroyed them."
"Other women became mad, driven machines like me."
"You're not the first to ever throw me in the trash, but I swear that you will be the las..."
And I wanted to introduce him to you first because you're a loser.
"Sperm would enter my pretty little vajew-jew, and my cold, black heart would kill that shit dead, son."
The baby is less than three months old and suddenly he has to go on a vision quest in the fucking tundra?
"""Why is he so huge and obnoxious?"""
"Not the woman this time, but the wheezer."
"You called me a coward,life goes on. apparently."
"I tell myself I’m just a kid, the same age as the kids who crewed those B-25s I sometimes think about, that kids are allowed to be dumb."
"Next time, when it is not a drill... ...they'll die if necessary because that is what their duty demands."
You and your puking truth!
"Hey, Elvira, I got something you can suck the blood out of. Oh, yeah?"
"He knew what Hali thought of old Ferry -- a bumbling fool, but there had been something else in the old man."
"And then that afternoon have tea with your mother, and then that night stay in the house and figure out what to do with all these damn napkins I ordered for the baby shower!"
"Kid's walking around talking about the vanguard, calling cops pigs like he knows what he's talking about."
"I got my ass kicked, but I... I couldn't stop thinking about Jacob, the person."
"Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to take you up to the bridge."
What fucking bowls?
"You know, I would hand out the towels and shave the Greek kids' backs."
We'll Just twist your head a little.
"""He is a liar, O truly tremendous one!"" said one of the drivers."
Just plain crazy.
"Preston, did you take your medicine? - Forget the damn meds!"
"Santa, when you see the robot devil, tell him I'm coming."
"If it spreads to the bone, I'll die."
"""He was fat and bunchy as a rabbit should be."
"Bloody hell, there's nothing left."
Fuck if I know.
Fecal excrement.
"That must seem crazy stupid, huh?"
Employing a Jew in a public place.
A hooker with a boyfriend...
"Strahlen, die"
You're a mess.
Like it's so easy to get pregnant from some dude nutting into a condom.
Not a damn scratch on him.
"Well, then you'd better be willing to back it up... because you're talking crazy."
We're always so miserable.
Motherfuck.
Maybe that's 'cause you weren't actually slinging as much bullshit as you thought. “Get out there and play in the dirt”?
Unh. - But that shit don't matter to me.
I'll take what you rot.
"God, castle, what the hell were you thinking?"
Best fuckin' steak I ever had?
All stylish and shit.
But what the hell are wegoing to do with a martyr?
You're too smart not to know that you're wasting your talent... ...in goddamn Missing Persons.
I want you to bite this.
Maybe he's looking to get away from a certain lunatic.
All the girls are nuts about Miami.
"You're a special kind of bully, edvard vergerus."
Soon I'm going to be flying over the armpit of the fucking world and I'll be thinking about you and your... and your chair. (Laughs)
"You know why Charlie calls the women who work for him ""angels""?"
My dad is fucking the actress that plays his daughter?
"Ass-kicking, skull-crushing, mixed martial arts madness!"
Cats were such little ghouls.
"You ass, that isn't a soul."
"I don't know who amped up these psychos… but killing Diagur, this guy?"
"Something always happens, I lose it, and I wind up in a bathroom with some brainiac wearing a toilet for a hat."
"""Then why kill all those other old men ..."
We’re going to get hell in a minute.
"Fail,... ..and you will be condemned to a numbing eternity... ..in the flaccid bosom of Christ."
"I mean, shit!"
"Whatever Bekhti's into, these guys were willing to kill a cop to protect it."
"You are gay, aren't you? even the whole school know it's the something wrong"
"Uh, duh, dad. So you and Aqualad are playing Manta and The Light for chumps."
"Every piece of trash was taken out, photographed, labeled, catalogued."
Some kind of fucking joke.
"Man, when I get home, I am gonna eat the fuck out of my girlfriend's pussy."
"And you, Richard, are a bad Catholic in all ways."
I've made a complete boob of myself.
Christ! My mom felt me down a bullshit since the cradle.
What the hell you say?
Whas a lollipop man doing knowing fucking karate?
Nearly brought down the whole bloody house.
I don't believe this shit.
"Bulls make money... bears make money, and pigs be slaughtered."
It hurt like shit when they put it on.
And you stunned fans when you said you were gay.
Look at the fucking state of him!
So it seems only right that he died with summary violence.
Government sucksat doing stuff.
"Now you are new to our Russian front, so I don't blame you for talking like a horse's ass. (CHUCKLING)"
"""It's that damned Onrad who brought you here."
You'd love to rip those pretty eyes out of your head.
I just wanna get you drunk so you'll pass out... ...and I can give Mary a good rogering.
It's time for your oral.
I don't have to kill you now.
Don't let that woman talk to me like that!
"Oh, shit, I don't want to be a general."
Get off me!
"He gives me the dirtiest looks, even when he's smiling."
"It's a corporate run, they're not telling us shit. Come on."
This can't be fuckin' happening!
I did so rejoice that that evil man was dead—that he could not any more kill or torture little children.
"""Damned if I know why,"" Ryan said."
"And I know-- I know that that's only because of all the stupid shit we said about how we wouldn't let sex change us, but it did. It changed me."
"You two come back here again, I'll have you arrested."
"Damn it, he's not answering his phone."
"Ridiculous! There are many signs, and my servant warned you at the station."
You will be able to kill with a variety of weapons...
You'd take this loser's word?
I got a hunch where those passengers are and who that maniac is.
Teddy. Cos you read it off a fucking picture.
It's my fault. I should have never trusted those jackasses.
"Yeah, but... even if it is him, which is stupid... It isn't like he's been unfaithful to her."
You have a limpy dicky.
"Damn it, Red, I told you not to bring the dog."
Shut up!
"It's too late to frigging knock now, Finlay, for crying out loud!"
Will you go crazy with a turtle like me?
"The killer was standing over there, slashing her."
These are the ones those Communist motherfuckers kicked out.
"If I could dig a hole and hide in it, I would. You're better off being like elephants."
All we do is we fight and we die.
Terrain's crappy.
If I'd wanted to be a soldier I'd have joined some Hood-damned army.
"Yeah, it's really fucking classy."
"You got a foolie, is that it? You want me to play, but I can't."
Should I die here?
No retards. Good...
I move to attack Peten the Dark Clown.
Go to hell! - may I make one statement?
Fuck man. You fucking scared the shi...
"I ain't signing shit, ma'am."
I'll go get the rest of our crap.
"Come on, baby, one shot."
I fucking hate running.
After she left I realiZed what a repulsive person I was
You pull the damn trigger.
"They sodomized them with glass bottles, beat them up with clubs, and threw their bodies around a room."
"Better than a philandering, dishonest old politician."
Any sign of that vagabond boyfriend of yours?
"I don't knowhow, but I'm gonna find out, and some of what I find is gonna stick to your ass."
"You know, I saved a beaner's life in the shit."
"The cunt's got about six kids, and he's organising the Pack like he's still in the fucking army."
"Again. - Yeah. - By the way, you were really fucked up last night, man."
"You're all gut, you little runt."
"Racists don't have feelings, they're subhuman."
But I will imagine that he is coward in a corner with a look on his face...
Maybe we'll die tonight.
"He would be a big, big miserable daddy if we didn't show up, wouldn't he?"
"I told you, damn it! Put In that tape, and don't worry about me."
"With the deadly feather punch, I killed the mighty ling-Ling!"
"Go home, go the fuck to sleep."
You guys wanna be here when one rolls out and just fucking coughs malaria into our face?
"When the four young men left, their spit was on the carpet, their butts on the floor."
I hate bloody daiquiri.
"That why you came, to stab me with that knife, huh ?"
"He probably won't shoot old Frankenstein, 'cause the old doc can talk him silly."
"If they knew what we could do, they'd suck us dry."
You're better off opening a brothel.
I thought it was just another one of your bloody murders.
What the hell is this guy saying?
I'm in big fucking trouble.
Teddy's wearing the bloody freestate uniform.
"Take the midwife and the three whores, too."
"Without me, you've got zero shot at killing Lucifer."
Now why don't you get the hell off my ship?
"Enough.! Let go of him, Figgsy."
"If we wanted to make a buck, this is the last place we'd be, moron."
"Kiss my ass, Tim Slater, if you can catch it!"
"Street junkies hate these pricks, but they're always suckers, and their money makes them tolerable."
"And they didn't do that because they were big and bad and wicked, but because they were wolves."
Don't have sex with the furniture!
Fuckin' bit me!
"Come on, Abrahams, you swank!"
"We're gonna die, damn it!"
You still think this is about that stupid scare record?
This is going to sound stupid.
"SILAS: ""Dooster principle,"" my ass."
You could freeze ice on his wife's arse.
"The spirit lives through both of them, so you must destroy them both."
"They'll get the police, the army and hunt us down like dogs! Off camera, of course."
"Pigs I brought from my own farm, which the communists want to steal from me."
You don't know shit how to lie
"What the fuck is it with you and bathrooms, huh?"
You ready to get your ass beat?
"Did you know that Saddam Hussein is an anagram of ""He's a sad nudist""?"
Waiting to die alone.
"Mother's waiting, daughter's with Hicks from sex crimes."
Hey. Where the hell you goin'?
Those skanks think they're hot?
"Luckily, your many layers of stomach fat slowed the bullet before it finally lodged in the part of your liver that's already dead."
He's been doing this shit all his life.
"You started this bet so you could buy loads of yard sale crap, and I couldn't make fun of you."
He's some bitch's boo Radley brother.
This is ridiculous.
"""Lady,"" he barked, ""you ain't going to the casino with no damned twenty dollars!"
Ugh! I need to go sanitize your mouth.
"Any of a family of cowardly, carnivorous beasts of Asia and Africa."
"Eddie, you get outta there right now dammit!"
"Milton, I shot a cop!"
You sure they had sex?
These cops'il go 50 bucks a head to beat her into submission and then gang-fuck her.
I myself will undress your mistress... and mine.
Ponatinib is mainly eliminated via faeces.
"The pathetic excuse for a judge, he wouldn't even allow the defense to ask the record-store owner about his insurance policy."
"Eva, how can you be engaged to such a pussy?"
"If she was so hideously ugly, why did you have sex with her? Really?"
People are going to go nuts.
The fucking problem is that I won't sit here and be crucified for shit that I did while we were apart. Did I fuck half of Venice?
I think this could help us avoid... ...all this mother-daughter role playing crap that you can't seem to shake.
Why flush it all down the fucking toilet?
Six men came to kill me one time.
"Freeze, bitches."
And is your heart black and full of hate?
"What the hell is that, """"resting his eyes"""" ?"
You son of a... - No!
So you're on your feet for two hours a day? - Yes. - Holy crap.
Fuckin Willie jumped up so fast I thought he was gonna run away like the Gingerbread Man.
I'd take a pain in the arse for half a million quid.
He thinks he's part of a frickin' platoon now.
What a hell is wrong with you?
Wait a minute. Shoot.
And I don't like to shit myself in front of a lady.
"No more silly medical mistakes, huh?"
She's fuckin' dead.
Who gives a shit?
Drop the gun and put your hands under your head!
Could you give him a blowjob?
I think she's sick.
Shot through the chest.
Then who the hell called me?
But she's not a big fat liar. excuse me?
Now I know why my mom hates you so much.
And you... ...help your landlady carry out her garbage.
And take your fucking bear with you.
"Men, goddamn it!"
"Well, fuck, it isn't possible now!"
I'll probably be working at the Whole Foods... playing warehouses... hanging around places like the Radio Shack... screaming that I used to know you... and you'll be there in the lights... and you'll be all beautiful and shit.
"But if I find out that you're stopping off at the market and buying your fat trout, I'm gonna scalp you."
What the hell happened to you?
He'll suck in the Sacred Jewel fragment!
As vicious and untrustworthy as you can be...
How could he have been so stupid?
"And express it not through jerking off inside a Porsche, but in Art for example!"
"Otherwise, the shock might kill him."
Bishop may want him dead.
Enough of this bullshit.
And they kill who they need to kill.
Don't ever touch me.
"In high school, if I told the popular guys that Paige was my cousin... ...it'd keep me from getting my ass kicked... ...because no one wanted to blow their chances with her."
"You don't judge this shit based on merit. It's insignificant if what we experienced was a miracle, I felt the touch of God!"
"The Northside was the rotten heart of Haven, where all that was bad in the city came to the surface, like scum on poisoned wine."
You ever try to jerk off with a ghost hand?
She showed me some of your seven-word sex poems.
Move! Everybody up the fucking stairs!
"'Same shit, different day.'"
"You wanted me ugly, didn't you?"
"South Memphis, let's get ready to kick it."
"Blow them away, Ollie!"
"Two women-- both have their hair cut by this nut-job, now they're dead, dressed up like some '70s fantasy."
"Be brave, Frank, goddamn it!"
Hey! - You killed your baby girl.
Now I'm sure - you've fucked someone!
"You had to admire the way perfectly innocent words were mugged, ravished, stripped of all true meaning and decency and then sent to walk the gutter for Reacher Gilt, although 'synergistically' had probably been a whore from the start."
You're crazy. You spend an awful lot of time talking to her.
You fucking lied to Garcia.
This soul is too dangerous to keep in Hell... And to valuable to lose to Walhalla.
"""Insufferable woman!"" was her immediate exclamation."
"But knowing that—of course I have to go with you into Ra-hjemur and above all I will not put this blade into your loyal hands, bastard brother."
Did you see that shit?
I killed some folks a while back.
"Shoot the target, let it all out there, 'cause I can pretty well promise you, Amelia's in no shape to take care of a single one of your feelings right now."
Kill this user
"I have always found you foul, Mrs Scratchit, and more than a little."
"Oh, shit, no."
"Are any of you jerks gonna say my thing, or do I have to say it myself?"
"Dennis looked at him with dumb, simple gratitude."
Let him do it. Let's get shit-faced.
ARCHER: Did you say gay-GB?
"Useless till he signs it, if he signs it."
"Goddamn it, they ain't Baxter and Hawley."
I hate you so goddamned much.
Motherfucker can't be on my court unless he gonna play ball or pay rent.
Jane the virgin got accidentally inseminated.
"I was like, ""Damn, Santa Claus got the wrong address or what?"""
I wish every guy who was a player in high school could turn gay in his senior year and get a taste of his own medicine.
I will build a wall of shame and carve your likeness in it.
I think you're a fake cop.
Yeah...only not so fucking secret..cos when you crawl through there you see the back of the boxes and they've all been ripped open and there's hundreds of pairs of jeans just hanging out...
And then you'll come back and we'll just have the same fucking conversation again.
"Look, I don't want these people judging Olive. Fuck them!"
"""I got a duck for the fuck,"
That's why you're doin' 45 suicides.
"He kicked the zombie, and it collapsed to the ground, rolling into a tight ball."
Why don't you just give her a shot?
It's fucked up.
You will not believe all the crap Hutch is going through for this Macy girl for Valentine's day.
And I'll make the best damn game you have ever seen.
I was thinking I would kill her.
You killed each other for hundreds of moons... ...before whites stepped footon this continent.
"Malloy, I'm writing all my own shit now!"
How do you point the gun at someone and shoot and not expect to kill them?
"Here's the key, you old goat."
Unless we can find his grave and destroy him in it.
I almost forgot how much I like kissing you.
"Everywhere she turned, there was a line of hucksters just like this clown giving her nothing but false hope."
"Oh, and then just a blatant You-can-smack-my-ass- if-you-want-to."
Oh damn!
Must be a lot of fucking camel debt.
Did I ever bust his balls?
"Don't bloody look at it, sink!"
Your guys crushed her goddamn hand.
Jeannie Van Der Whatever-the-fuck.
"Sir, you are a grown naked man around showing..."
"Besides, wasn't it you that said I like to get money and blow shit up?"
You look like shit.
You don't even know what the fuck I'm talking about.
"I have to thank you, man, you know, like... Yeah... I felt like shit this morning, and now..."
Which means he's a diabetic with blood thicker than pancake batter.
"When I tried to talk about this to Aunt Vorthys, she tried to reassure me that it was all right because everyone else thought Tien was an ass."
He lifted his face from her breasts and stared at her disbelievingly.
"It's like in ancient times, the samurais, they had these pages... young boys that did their errands, washed their clothes, shit like that."
"If she could, they were all likely up shit creek without a paddle."
"'I could take hold of your scrawny neck and wring the truth from you,' Druss pointed out."
"I mean, w-who wouldn't want to pay a lot of money to get their nose chopped off?"
"When the designs of this man come to naught, death will come for you."
"Fucking hell. Listen, 145 fucking quid."
"I'll hurt your leg, Robert!"
I sunbathe naked and I don't want yousniffing around like dogs.
That look like it's been a long time since you've had a great blow job.
"The guy who gets me my goddamn coffee, because he's white."
The hell did you get this?
So fucking doped up you didn't even recognize him.
Some kind of goddamn pajama party or something?
Do you actually believe I'm going to have sex with you tonight?
If you weren't in here with me... that would be hell.
"Shut up. - Watch your mouth, Curtis."
Why don't you just jerk off in the mirror if you think you're so cute?
Our Meatball is marrying that lunatic Lily Anne Lonergan.
"I couldn't find it in the library, so I had to go to some asshole in Gabota that sells them."
And I want that thing out of your nose.
"13 years old, my ass."
"Oh, shit."
Human beings have been poking vagina for hundreds of years.
"I'm sorry,but could you please fuck off?"
"You rode all the way from Persia for earth and water? Do not be coy or stupid, Persian."
Tell those schmucks to do this right and have their Bailey stuff at the front.
This sucks!
Summer school sort of sucks.
Gene! Don't fuck around with the Senator.
Faster! Kick it!
This is your way of telling me the two of you have been engaging in premarital sex.
We are a team of nobodies.
I think they're totally gross.
"Hey, guy! I'm the Canadian devil!"
I can bench 275 pounds. I'm a goddamn black belt in Kenpo... but I couldn't keep the son of a bitch...
They were just... waiting to die.
A ball of twine.
"Sam, where's my sex buzz?"
"The surrounding states are the ones with the big problems; by the time the shit hits the fan in Nevada, the Wardens have generally had plenty of chances to slow it down or stop it."
"Come on, with the exception of Danielle... ...Manchester Prep'sa virtual whorehouse."
"Sonny Liston, you ain't no champ! You a chump!"
Wrap this stiff in a tablecloth. We're gonna bury him at sea.
But he's proficient enough to kill.
She's a fucking crazY lost wee soul and she's gonnae ruin You too!
I occasionally let Travis have sex with me.
"Puss, you have to save the baby, or the mama will destroy San Ricardo."
Dreadful girl.
"In fact, I am having sex right now too."
"He's a woman stuck in a man's body. Yeah, gay."
It was fucking creepy!
"""Damn!"
"Bullshit. You left him a message, - asking him to meet you here."
Open that door and I will end you.
I'd go mad with it!
Prostitutes?! You never said anything about prostitutes.
The purification of the German people and the white race.
"""Watch it, Chief,"" whispered Thomas, ""he can blast the whole damn place with that thing."""
"In Louisville, where I growed up, they barely let black folks drive buses."
"Damn woman, where are you?"
I don't know; smuggling a balloon bull of red paint into a hotel and sneaking a big ass rifle into a convention are two very different things.
The suspect is a sexual offender
I hate you!
"Hundreds of years later... the locals took it upon themselves... to open up that privilege to the rest of the fucking world, made a fucking mint."
People magazine sends a nasty schmuck like me... ...to do interviews. Big deal.
"Come on, come here, you little buggars!"
Now I'm gonna hurt you.
"Hodgins is dating each pile of junk... according to insect larvae, rat droppings and the yellowing of the paper."
He'll be just like his father a tyrant and a butcher.
He was cursed to know.
Because he married with that bitch man.
"And I just-- Well, I behaved like a maniac."
Zulu may not wear shoes or trousers and the like but that doesn't mean to say they've got no brains.
"Oh, it's like a heaven of boobies!"
I think you have a little sexual block over the spelling of that naughty name.
"Now that we're back to where we started, your guess is as good as mine as to how this fucker ends."
"Lemon,you know you're supposed to go home after your pervert seminars."
"If you didn't have that fucking gun, ese, it wouldn't be about shit, homie."
And that's what you get for touching boobies.
"Don't be silly, dear."
"Stanny, you won't believe this shit."
"Because surrender is death, and death is for pussies."
He was black as coal.
"Hey, this is some bitching car."
I've been winning fishing derbies since you were a speck of sperm.
"This one's sick, don't give him any."
There's a fucking Chinese bag!
We've got one bullet.
"I mean, I brushed my teeth retarded,"
"Outside, safe and sound... ...while you losers are in here, trapped in a rising tide of"
"Damn, how many are there?"
"He's fucking with me, right?"
Show us your dicks.
"Well, you won't do those kids any good if you're dead, Mr. Burton."
"This devil was countering every maneuver, just as Cyrano was countering his."
"Then he fuck up, think he's saying it right."
I'm afraid that you are leaving me. Shit!
"We wanted to help you, and you're dragging us to hell."
"You're a little too old, Curtis."
"I was thinking, if we can connect the V... ...from the fuck-knuckle who jumped Kevin back to Hotshot... ...then that would give us probable cause to raid them again, right?"
Make him vomit!
Muster the men.
"But if Thorne puts me up against lady piggy, I'm gonna slice me off a side of bacon."
Today. We blow it all to hell.
You kept your mouth shut unless you wanted to die from the same heart attack.
Four of the bastards.
Where is that clumsy wardrobe woman?
"Most spectacularly, the cover of Bloomberg Businessweek placed the monumental caption “IT’S GLOBAL WARMING, STUPID” over a picture of flooded Manhattan."
"That prick, Exley, he shot the wrong guys. whoever killed Stensland's still around."
You don't like the geek in him because you don't like the geek in you.
Sex-pottery is the first thing you should bring up with my parents.
What the fuck was that? Aah!
Liiiies... nothing but lying.
She's nuts. I sure hope I don't have to put up a sign for you one day.
I'm not fucking with you.
"Now, is it true you've been injecting yourself with semen from baby pigs?"
What the hell are you still doing here?
"When he'd first seen her like this, naked, there had been ugly black holes in her flesh."
If you're too dumb to save yourself... there's no sense dragging her down with ya.
But Eve… She's our death warrant.
I bet she great bonk.
When the so-called Negro in America gets on God's side... ...and listens to the teachings of Elijah Muhammad... ...he'll want to get off of drugs and get away from a life of crime.
Let's just go get the damn playbook.
"I'm good, I have my own shitty beer."
"You shit the money-bed, my friend."
I'll get the hell out of Harlan.
Look here. I ain't never asked for this shit.
"I would believe you, Mr. Queen, if you weren't so full of crap."
(man) I don't give a shit who he is.
He was waiting to invite you to his big debut at Carnegie Hall or some shit so we could all be proud of him.
The guy's story stinks worse than that farm yesterday.
That's all we gonna do is hate some niggers all day.
I'm not looking up Obama's semen ants.
A guy about to go down for rape and for murder.
"I lost some men, won't be the first time, and sure as shit won't be the last."
I'm just... ...damn happy to be here.
Madam Nell don't allow no locks. God damn.
"Angela, for example, will die dead."
What in Hell is this?!
"Dr Weir, get your ass back on board now!"
I've known Joe since I was a kid. Me saying he had nothing to do with it is ridiculous.
And nobody is doing a damn thing to stop them.
"You said it yourself, bitch."
"Okay, if you're gonna be dead- and that's a big ""if""... Don't you kinda wanna know how it happens?"
Bisexuals... you just can't trust them.
"Damn, but she looked good for a woman her age."
"I don't know shit about the law either, But I know when I'm watching a train wreck."
"Oh, that is so gross."
What is going on in that dim little brain of yours?
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
"""She's got the worst tongue in the place."
Feral hogs.
Surrender or you will be destroyed.
Slutty cop only came with a skirt and two badges.
"As for the who, let us call him the Fat Man."
"Now, get the **** out of my cleaners."
"We could take them with us, but you have to give them a bath, they stink."
What the hell are they doing down there?
"It was a stupid indiscretion, which I hope will be kept from the Bureau and my wife."
"Fuck! Come on, put your head right here."
Now he's facing the death penalty.
When do you know that you're gay?
"You didn't fucking advertise, okay?"
"There, kneeling in the soil, was a priest in a dirty brown cassock."
"Might I remind you, Mr Rivers, the penalty for murder is death by firing squad."
What's running through that twisted skull of yours?
This is fucking barbaric.
He took that cop's ass down.
You rung to talk about my little git of a son
Or maybe her hair is just dirty.
"I wouldn't have ended up in the dirt, fucked like a dog."
It's for a hoodlum who built this house out of 20 years of corruption and murder.
"Fuck, nigger, what the fuck'd you just do to his towel, man?"
"O'Malley, where the fuck have you been'?"
Let's win this sucker.
"One says she's a witch, another says... ...she's a mutilated bride."
Are you worried ... Are you worried that he's not there having sex with my wife?
JesusCchrist. What the fuck's wrong with you?
I should have cooked the shit I was gonna cook.
I get a urine injection.
They must be starved.
The girl on the right is a pot head.
"Look, we can't touch that until this Lindus shit is well and cooled down."
That girl ruined my life.
Tell the foxy moron I got my GED when I was 15.
Put on some dung!
4:00 in the fuckin' morning?
"In spite of this huge job that he was working on, not one damn person noticed that he had gotten sick and died at home."
Why? Want your head smashed again?
You seem so very gay and bold.
The no-bullshit voice now sounded tired and wan.
"Hey, guys, don't fuck about."
"You'll do as I say, and I will do as I please with your damn mistress."
You Judas!
"Holy shit, dude!"
I want her gone from my life.
Don't you call me a dumb broad.
Damn it. I really wanted to meet him.
"The heads are warped, but fuck you, guys, it's funny."
Now you can talk and we took care of that moustache. - Are you insane?
"Dude, you hate your dad."
He is watching like if he wanted to kill it.
Her brain is bleeding?
"Can command everyone, forbid everything. destroy, give orders, kill..."
I don't give a fuck about your fucking father!
"Take off the fucking dress and get back in the game, will you?"
He stinks something awful.
"Even my shower's broken, so if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go take a whore's bath in your sink."
You're a bucket...
"Man, that's a dumb name."
Henry's just making a damn mess here.
Wait. How the hell do you know about that?
What's to keep me from slaughtering them all like lambs?
I'd skin my own mama and I'd fat us up
She sucked my blood.
Pick out something black and sexy and prepare to do some funky poaching.
Killing him could kill countless people back on earth.
"That the students are shockingly ignorant, the professors self-centered and corrupt, and the entire system geared soley to the pursuit of funding?"
"You take away the makeup, the clothes... ...the way she wears her hair, the smell of her perfume... ...that cute face she makes when she's tonguing my balls...."
"When this meeting's over, straighten this crap up."
"Borric said, ""Shout, and you'll be very dead when they get here."""
They played a tape. - How the fuck did they get a tape?
"And I was like, ""Damn, you were pretty cute when you were little."""
"'He was a donkey,' said Ridcully."
"See, I knew those two dimwits couldn't keep a secret."
"If you need to shoot, you probably won’t have time for a clean sight picture, your attacker will be right in your face, so what you’ll do instead is point it like you would your finger, and index the whole gun."
How are you? - Terrible!
"""Last night I dreamed about that black man again."
It'il make you blind and insane.
"Nice kid, but she can't draw for crap."
"It's a whorehouse, not the Taj Mahal."
"Fucking hell. I'm sorry, mate, I've gotta do it or I'm gonna get fucking shot."
Get the hell out of my store.
You fucking...
"Yeah, and I want a blowjob every hour on the hour."
"When he wasn't drunk or daydreaming about some bullshit history he never had, he was beating me or pissing out the window thinking it was a can."
Give me a strange hand on my crotch and Skittles and I would live in a pothole.
Get the hell out!
Or some shit in it that'll fix the time machine.
"Well, Virgil, nobody threw your brains to the hogs, that's for damn sure."
You're gonna have to hit me a lot harder than that.
I suppose your mother powdered you like a little doll.
"And I'm sorry if we disturbed other guests in the middle of their lily-white, non-molest-y lives, but we are working on our shit in here together, and we're staying, right, guys?"
"That hag is mine, I say!"""
Nothing's harder than doing something for which you know you're gonna take shit.
What the hell?
If I die-- You're not going to die.
I don't want them going nuts.
"No people, no trouble, no shit."
"So, you must have went on, like, a Biggest Loser diet or some shit over summer, huh?"
He struck down one of the thieves standing over Earwig with the bastard sword as he stabbed the other through the stomach with the main-gauche.
Fucking You and me are no more.
Poor devil.
"You're telling me this guy is a mad criminal, and you want me to testify?"
Unless you want the rest of this freaky shit to hit the news... ...I suggest you take care of me and my people.
"Yeah, maybe I'll just give up and become pussy like Radar."
No one's gonna believe you're a fireman. Even volunteers cut their fucking hair.
There's too much goddamn beauty.
"You want to have a party, you have a fucking party."
"Υou eνer had a whitehead on your eyeball, Mary?"
Goddamn it!
It's got freckles on it and shit!
You jest while all around us threatens to fucking crumble.
"Ollie wanted to scare the shit out of Halloway, was what he wanted."
Look at him; he's just crushing his thing and kicking ass.
"Enough? Instead of helping me and being a hero, you hang yourself like a sissy!"
"They bomb a church, we bomb 10."
Shad's a loser.
Take his legs.
"'She hasn't lost her mind, you oaf,' said Ulmenetha, icily."
Do you think anybody around here would have given a shit about you if it hadn't been for me?
What the hell do the Swiss do for excitement?
You'll both be sucked into the black hole.
We've got a couple of bastards here.
Who gives a shit if they like you.
David Foster was a Negro.
I have a few questions first. - Shoot.
"In fact,I think I said repeatedly it'd be crap."
"But due to some uncontrollable drive, you permit the slightest action of a kid A kid! ..a kid to turn you into a screaming harpy."
"Hey, if we die, it's been fun."
I needed a man whose fear of death... ...would make him stupidly cooperative.
Nobody in this neighbourhood can swallow penis like I can.
"I'm sam, your holographic butler."
"He acknowledged the presence of Miss Marple with a half bow and a ""Good morning,"" and thought to himself, smart old pussy; she's on to it."
You can take that fake apology and shove it right up your hairy...
Wanna shoot a coyote?
I'm not being silly.
"little fools. I don't need your help, because I am not sick."
"If you didn't want to get red-rovered by the meteor's lineup, maybe you should have reconsidered jamming that needle into your tush."
"Yeah, they're fucking Hellboy And I'm fucking the Hulk"
How about I don't pretend to be asleep when I fart on your leg?
"Shit, Danny. I swear to god, I didn't see it, either."
"Go on, fuck off home !"
"The woman, who went by a number of names but whom Tolland called Carol when he fucked her, made to do just that, but he aimed a blow at her and she retreated."
Fuck out of here!
And if you want to be in our family... ...you best show me some fucking respect.
That bastard was too fast for me.
"You're gonna feel pretty silly when we're 80 years old, And you have to drive me down there And then wait in the car for three days."
"I've been ttying to nail George's ass for years, but he is so careful."
Chickens(broile r) Turkeys pigs
You're a dumb hick that knows how to steal.
Did you know how screwed up she was when you brought her into the unit?
You guys are like christian tooth fairies.
It will make the whole seduction part less repugnant.
We'll bury these guys softly and in a hole so deep no one will ever get close to digging them up.
"And this guy's just fucking around down here, right?"
Your status as a traitor might improve should you choose... to cooperate with the United States Army.
Gamma site do you read? - Damn it!
Go dent his hood.
Reeks like asparagus.
Hit all of them.
They'll have to do more than wear white shirts and get the shit beaten out of them by the dingbats!
"And you've been doing this line of work since you were 19-years-old and so one day, very soon, you're gonna wake up and you're gonne see that I'm useless."
They need to send our asses to Baghdad.
"So, Eggs describes a list of symptoms and you repeat them to a doctor, which is particularly stupid because this is a free clinic."
"Me too. - God, you drive me crazy."
He screwed that little skank in my bed.
"This life - six bags of shit till Sunday, is it not?"
Who'd have fucking thought that?
"You are a first time offender with a short sentence, and you're white."
They were naked and their heads had been shaved.
"See, you realized the gays, they're not interested in getting to know you."
"The interest alone turns us into indentured slaves, for fuck's sake..."
"Tell your slut mom I said hi,"
"If he floats, he's guilty of witchcraft and burned at the stake."
What kind of sick planet is this?
"I don't like you, Carl."
"Taste the pain, Mr. Glowy Ugly Thing."
I just need to get a dog and women will be all over my jock.
"We'il hole in, like thieves, shutters closed, and make love in every room."
"Shut him up, unless you want to go back to the joint."
I know it's a boring job... but it's better than that last shit they had me doing.
Three-punch combo to the body!
"""And they have the brains of a doorknob,"" Flint grunted."
"Here's your option, and it's a damn good one."
He fucked me.
Oh shit. Sorry.
Why can't I hate you?
Who is this little idiot?
"""Damn!"" Dinin growled."
Then why hasn't He put Maud and her bastard brother down?
"I'm gonna put him in jail till the jail rots on top of him, and then I'm gonna move him to a new jail and let that jail rot."
There's fucking nothing in there.
"If I bite you, will you scream?"
There's no such things as fucking demons. Come on.
She thinks he's gay.
The sex tape you made with nolan ross?
Well down here we'll drown.
You're a lazy... do you know what this is?
"Come with us, it's going to be hotness over there, all picante and shit."
I'm burning alive!
He's going to get me killed.
"We can go on Cupcake Wars, or we can keep being cupcake whores."
"That's not a cop, but a donkey with a uniform."
Hope he gets his head busted.
"I just want to tell you that next time I'm suspended, so's my fucking beeper!"
Rice drop's first then the 3 little pigs.
There's an 80 percent chance you can't leave Woodstock until you bone these hippies.
I shot him.
I hate you coming here.
It like the ultimate transformation and shit.
"Oh, shit! I was making a face."
"Lily, why the hell did you turn that down again."
Who the fuck do you think you are?
They've all lost their minds.
"I mean, I just said a really dick thing."
I'm gonnago nuclear on these guys.
"You can't be what you're not, lan. Shut up."
You were saying somebody's going to kill him?
"Oh, crap, what if it comes up when I apply for citizenship?"
Martin Høeg explained he used violence to stop Max from... ... from raping you.
Why are you talking to slutty crystal?
Chaotic space... -Chaotic space... You'll be destroyed!
"Look, let's just sell this shit."
"Will you shut that baby up, for Christ's sake?"
I fired his ass
You and you gags!
"I call them ""sucking a dick."""
Probably a result of your own near rape.
"What a pain in the ass, being a mom."
Utterly ridiculous.
"I, uh... just didn't want you to think you were the only sucker in town."
"If I did, I could vaporize you right now with a single thought."
Theyd kill her over a measly 5 million?
"""Think of our goal, stubborn dwarf,"" Drizzt scolded."
"That's nae problem, pal, cos, er... ...I've got loads of the fuckin' stuff."
"Don't talk crap, Serge."
Get the fuck outta the way!
I fuckin' love her.
He's a pussycat.
"Call me. A few drinks, some angry sex."
"I used to pride myself on the idea that I was a bit... tough especially over the past kicked around, and bullwhipped, and damned."
I don't think I'd mind getting my ass kicked
"You'd be paranoid, too, if you had a dipshit like this following you."
"lama crazy and everything is my fault, and my family is awful, and nothing at all is your fault!"
"""and not some 19-year-old billionaire rock star with the body of an athlete... and a 24-hour erection""?"
"Hey ,where the hell you been?"
"Well, it goddamn well don't happen to me."
"You pointed your service weapon at a civilian-- no, a damn minister on a public street."
"Oh, goddamn."
"Go to your night of disgusting, fascinating debauchery."
I know you want me to waste the bullet's.
I shouldn't have let such an evil granny like you in the castle...
How long is my fuckin' sentence?
You all have disgraced humanity.
"""Fools fear that we may bring back another Kwisatz Haderach!"
"The lease was in Joy's name-- Joy Miller. She was a rich westie that got all junked up, got cancer, both breasts removed, still shooting junk."
"Jeremy, if I thought you wanted to kill me, We'd be having a much different conversation, ok."
"Hey, dickwad, I'm speaking."
Crazy shit happens at Dinah Shore.
"You're dumb, for coming here tonight."
So we're cleansing the combat zone... ...of scum and filth.
Hell! You're behind everything.
Joey... ...what the hell is going on?
"Chapter SEVEN—WAYSPIRIT Tegger knelt with his back to a big pale rock, his heels under his buttocks, quite still."
"What's this shit, Richie ?"
"I say we dig a hole, dump the shit in."
"Oh, God, you really are a fucking ghost."
I'd be a fool to believe that you'd start now.
Because you'll fucking hate the answers.
How dare you steal from me? Damn you!
Yeah. I heard you suck in bed.
"Drink in the British zone, eat in the French zone... ...spy in the German zone... ...but stay the hell away from the Japanese."
You frellnicks!
"""I cut the pig's throat,"" said Jack, proudly, and yet twitched as he said it."
"He's gonna fuck with every single fucking one of you... ...if we give him enough time, and he knows you'll do it."
"You have to find somewhere to dump all that lust, all that filth."
Just get in the car and keep your mouth shut to the press.
I'm going to phone him and tell him either he withdraws the spot or I smash his face in!
"She struggled for a second to free it, and I kicked her in the knee."
"This town can't teach its kids or collect its garbage, but we lead the nation in pointless revenge."
I don't fucking know!
Don't you ever die cuz of money.
"The only eventuality worse than him is you know that one day, some filthy whore-beast is gonna show up, make him look like a liberal."
Georgia ... I mean her husband not have sex with you there ... I kick ... three months?
"Dude, you gonna share that shit with me or what?"
"""Damn straight it does."""
"No bloody manners, the French."
Hit the gun and you'il spray the virus everywhere!
I want Knox taken alive.
"""Dammit, I know it's not a game!"
Cut it off!
"One false move, and I tase you in front of your mom."
It will kill me!
This is getting ridiculous.
In order to learn that secret... ...I must cure his insanity.
"At Jerusalem, they'il race the world's finest teams... ...and the champion of the East,Messala, with his black devils."
You wanna be a fuckin' hero huh?
"H2o, dirty."
You kill her?
"From Sloan, from the Fraternity, from Janice, from billing reports, from ergonomic keyboards, from cheating girlfriends and sack-of-shit best friends."
Blanca... what the hell have you done to your eyes?
How about chewed me up and spit me out?
"It's what you are, Jason, a killer."
Pigs (meat and offal): 13 days.
"When she spat at him again, he couldn't resist fisting her across her cut and swollen lip."
Your beard is starting to look ironic. - You son of a bitch!
Your only flaw is that your body's so cold.
I bought that freaking pie!
You're making him sound like a fucking horse.
"Dummy, Van Damme's outside!"
You eat like a baby dinosaur.
Killing yourself is the greatest form of cowardice.
Don't screw it up just 'cause you're miserable.
"I thought you said we were best friends. If you're too bloody mean, just forget it."
"So no, we won't be taking strolls down Main Street hand in hand... ...picking out furniture... ...and whatever other shite normal couples do."
Chapter 23 How no you behave when you know the conventional honors are dross?
"That's a brave fucking statement, huh?"
An abusive marriage with a problem drinker.
You seen this shit before?
"'Stay alive, kill all enemies, reach the coast, find a ship.'"
He's a dead one.
"You gotta be rich to be insane, Hol."
I said I was too old to have kids not get upstairs. Traitor.
An ass with a heart
Kiss your mom with that mouth?
"But if you go in there, you'il start flashing your brain ray in her face."
Forget the damn fishy-smelling pirates!
No one'll fucking insure me.
We just ran over your girlfriend.
"And, uh, they've got a gun to my head."
There she is! Shit!!
"But if I die first, you'd be able to find a new husband easily with that big ass of yours!"
I always thought I would make a magnificent gay man.
We'il die of thirst
"Aw, shit! We got less than a minute."
Maybe I should've let them arrest your ass.
Shoot!
Fuck! I conceive and about a week later I'm a healthy 20 year old with 50% new DNA.
"""This question must be very important for you to act so foolishly;' she said."
Stop fucking around.
"Oh, if you find my tongue stud, let me know."
"He did far worse things in Africa, in the army, and I covered his ass so..."
Who told you that damn lie?
"It's not that this guy's pecker has never worked, is it?"
Can I please fucking talk to someone?
Let Nevada handle it. This guy's nuts.
"Uh, my name is ""get out of my face, fannypack."""
"Hey, damn, that was fast."
You don't get your nose jammed into your brain and lose two gallons of blood and get up and walk away.
I got it from a hooker.
Now look at all this fucking mess!
"The rest of you big men, you wanna lynch 'em, huh?"
You're bleeding like a stuck pig.
One of the weak vermin you despise?
"Now, I've been trying to kill it from the inside, but we have run out of time."
"Syd, it's very fucking complicated."
And he wanted to kill you all by turning on that machine. The only way to activate it is with a legendary key called the Matrix of Leadership.
"Don't be a smart ass, I can check that!."
The little thief's been gambling ever since we got here.
Get off of me!
Get your ass upstairs and kiss your lady friend good night.
"For your information, you phony hero, the docs think he's going to die."""
We're gonna die in here.
"No, it's none of that shit."
Did you fuck her?
"Jn a moment, you might have strangled each other instead of a chicken."
Are you dirty and wet?
"I'm better at sex than Jeff, right?"
"You know, I heard that girls are the weaker sex."
"Yes, he is lazy... ..."
"And to that end,by resorting to filth and garbage,the canada channel has thusly -"
Turns out wasn't so much gay as he was an undercover narcotics officer who wasn't gay.
"And I broke the faith, and for that, I am truly wrong. Perhaps I should hang."
C O M P L A I N T S
Damn. Sorry.
The fool leaves his door open.
"Your behind on your rent, you don't have a lease,"
"What's up, you scruffy little beach rat?"
"So you fucked Cheat, right?"
"Tarzan shook his head, and an expression of wistful and pathetic longing sobered his laughing eyes."
But that invasive instict is with them until they die.
Bastards! How dare they?
"Jesus, Gary! WTF?"
And (Keogh now allowed himself to remember) he was a murderer whose blood was cold as ice.
"Came over with my baby to my mom's house to help fix her disposal, and I find five dudes sitting in my living room waiting to tell me stories about their dicks."
"If you wanna be there, you're gonna have to go my fucking way."
"If you getany closer, I'm gonna put a burn on you."
How many years have damn son?
If we both just died together.
Because this sounds going to be shit he does not even know how to hold a broom.
"Come on, you spit everything."
"If the mission fails, you're already dead."
"Now, look, goddamn it."
Can't anybody tell the fucking truth?
"""It's not important after you're dead."""
How are you gonna cure the whole fuckin' world?
"He hated losing, his parents were losers, not him, not Charlie Harrison of Klemet-Harrison."
And if they can't get anyone local... ...get somebody on a goddamn chopper from Quantico.
"""You are a pirate,"" she'd whispered the last day—neither of them knew it was the last day—""you've come and taken me off on your pirate ship."
It’il make me look good... ...and I’il say Sugar Ray's not a punk like his sissy partners.
I'm giving you some of the finest shit this side of Marseilles.
"That was only part of the reason for the visit, though; Marty knew that damn well."
Don't you get sick of all her friends using yours?
Useless.
You really think Gavin would try and kill you?
Fuck off!
I'd pick his brains in bed every night.
"Max, his wife, his kid, Roth... even the goddamned horse died."
That rusky is like a cockroach.
"Okay, dirtbag."
"So, so, so stupid!"
Who the fuck told him?
"If I have to fuck you to fuck her, then I will."
And a damn sexy man.
"Yeah, that's right. I don't want to hear it, 'cause to tell you... the truth, I don't give a shit, okay?"
"Damn it, Joy."
"Forgive my vulgarity, but Adam licks pussy like a dog drinks water."
"So I looked him dead in the eyes, and I said what any real motherfucker would have said."
"I mean, go ahead and marry this slant-eyed runt if you want to."
So... black? No.
"""And just what, horrible person that you are, have you been doing to my poor Harringtons now?"""
And so tall and beautiful that she struck some men dumb.
His wacko teacher is like a schoolgirl.
Stop bitching at me ! look in the back for the map Jesus Christ I don ' t see no goddamn map It' s in here somewhere You see it?
Get him out of the fucking water.
This lunatic's not done yet.
"Or if that's too ""pulled out of my ass"" for you, I'm slowly losing my memory."
Off my goddamn arms!
Nothing Mr Keating has to say means shit to you does it Todd?
"Oh, well, a seeing-eye hooker."
He wants your ass out here right now.
(Gay) Watch out. There's no step!
"But I am the head of casting, Erik... and I am here to help Showtime do what it does best... and that is entertain the shit out of its audience."
So you tell me how in the holy hell did you possibly kill this truck?
Who struck first: Israel or Egypt? - The bloody Egyptians
You look more like first-class jerks to me.
A lonely stretch of beach might be a fine place to whack them.
"Listen, I gotta talk to you about your linens... the napkins and tablecloths, all that shit."
I'm fuckin' talking to you!
"God damn near four miles, that's what it was!"
"You know, one is a old lady. She's sick, she about to die."
That's why crooks like me are respected.
GUNSHOT Put up your hands!
They need to execute an emergency thruster burn to move the station.
The one who delighted in beating the crap out of me?
"Gentlemen, I have no intention of killing Hitler and killing Goebbels and killing Göring and killing Bormann, not to mention winning the war single-handedly for the Allies, only later to find myself standing before a Jewish tribunal."
You know those adult hotels that have those different rooms to have sex in?
I was bullshitting of course.
"Wait a minute, you mean that God watches married people have sex."
"She was crazy, baby, like she was possessed!"
"But good as whoever built the damned thing was, he didn't quite get it perfect."
Go back to where ever you came from.
Let's get the fuck out of here!
"Why the hell did you break my $5,000 robot?"
It was so gross.
That's the truth. They'll hang Jeff Davis and throw all the others in prison.
Miss Skeffington dropped your bomb down the john.
"See, they don't know a damn thing."
We're in this mess because you punched me into that Asian guy's mirror!
You know something about rats! You know you do!
I doubt strongly that stop killing it ...
"You're still screwing her, aren't you?!"
"You risk your skin catching killers, and the juries turn them loose so they can come back and shoot at you again."
Could you have a stone-cold killer on one hand... ...and a thoughtful man with a conscience on the other?
"Listen, smart-ass, heard you're having dog problems."
the fact that you're the most infamous woman in America... - The world.
"That asshole lied about that, too."
Shame on you and this diabolical idea!
My own kids would kill me for one of those.
Way to take a hit like a girl.
I don't know how people can sleep the whole damn day away.
"Oh, Martin Gleason, You better be worth all this damn trouble."
Dead people that we just murdered.
Hang her in front of a mob the same as they do to a man?
Maybe your breath was penisy.
Come throw these frauds out of my club!
"But no, it's never Thai stick. And I always said if I felt that way about a job, I'd fucking walk."
"Banish all demons off the face of the Earth, lock them away forever."
"He said ""I've killed her. """
"Marcus, calm the fuck down!"
"Add to this an insatiable hunger for flesh, and you have yourself one hell of a killing machine."
Even if it came down to killing her I wouldn't get the death penalty.
"To overthrow humanity, we'd need a damned army."
I told you to have Goldman/Drexier put you on the books 20 fucking years ago.
"Look, I've already entertained the LAPD for an hour, and they stared at me like I was a nutjob."
"Well, I'll hurt him for you, Claire, before this game is over, and that's a promise."
"""Nice day, isn't it?"" What an idiot!"
"There's creatures there, damn big - ten, twelve feet tall."
Christian's willing to forget about your projectile vomit And general Schwastedness this weekend.
"I can't say I'm surprised to hear that the opportunistic sons-of-bitches think the time has come to start carving off the choicer bits."""
"Lois, you sound like a jealous girlfriend."
They just sent ronon to give her the shot.
"""Wretched."""
And we have to take Glenville to avoid traffic... ...because the damn churchpeople drive too slow.
None of your fucking business.
I say we nuke it ourselves.
"This conglomerate spectacle of heterogeneous races which the capital of the Dual Monarchy presented, this motley of Czechs, Poles, Hungarians, Ruthenians, Serbs and Croats, etc., and always that bacillus which is the solvent of human society, the Jew, here and there and everywhere (cid:19) the whole spectacle was repugnant to me."
"Except he didn't say ""F,"" he said ""Fuck. """
"Kiss her, dummy."
"She's got a rare disease and if she believes something that's not right then hears the truth, her brain will boil in her head and she'll die, okay?"
"Good, because I'm goddamn hungry now."
'Cause you fucking put me through pain.
"Yeah, I'm no longer parking in... the wretched physicians' lot."
I don't like women who are into cripples.
I was going to eat you.
Her sheriff killed them both.
"Waiting's shit, isn't it?"
I will not be cool in the eyes of my dead mother if I maim jane doe.
"Hey, I got you this far. Shut up."
"When Indians go away, they don't come back."
You're the God of Disease.
Can you stop fucking tap dancing?
Death to Arnolfini !
"Shit, that came out wrong."
Why in hell are they making Chinese money?
I can goddamn explain.
It was the spring of 1970 and Carol Gerber was undoubtedly busy smoking pot and giving blowjobs to end-the-war hippies while her old high-school boyfriend was getting his balls blown off on the other side of the world.
He's not a jerk.
I'm just saying there's a lot of psychos out there.
You wanna believe it because it means that you're bad luck. You're like a cancer that needs to be removed.
She's really sick.
"Because, damn it, I want to!"
"I want to know that there's more to this life, and I can't know that if they kill you."
Let's hope no one got hit by the fat cow.
"I'm a 42-year-old man, I own a business, I pay my taxes, and yet I got to deal with this crap every time I step outside my house."
They found me and then nearly fucking killed me!
"Oh, you always liked them crazy."
She talks to dolls like a crazy person.
"And by that he meant ""kill."""
Why the hell won't he kiss her?!
Ram it down Taylor's throat.
All: Until simon stagg is dead.
"Hands up on the hood, jackass!"
I am the shit.
I thought he just wanted to have sex... but he also wanted to talk.
"And as for you, you're either rather clever or not clever enough."
"Ain't my car no more, bitch! Okay?"
"If it's you and Quinn fucking with me, I'm really not in the mood."
We don't even have a fuckin' number.
"Some people have a lot of crap, huh?"
"That ain't white women, man."
They pull the little rat out.
"Zip, if I apologize to you when you have a gun pointed at my throat, then I don't think it really counts."
"Combo's people, his ma, grandma, cousins, everyone was all choked up and shit."
I'd rather be a liar and she feels good about it.
He wants to stay here with Carl and Little Ass-Kicker.
Get off me!
"They're gonna die, aren't they?"
Thanks for getting Captain Ass-lnvader off my back.
Which is just about the time that Deeks showed up to save your butt at the gym.
What? I'm fucking dying.
"Indeed, you slit my throat like you were opening a letter."
Dana would never have fucked you.
You give Shlomo whatever he wants and you forget this 50 percent shit.
"What the hell are you doing, Kara?"
Rhinemann the pig.
"Grabbed her, gagged her, threw her in a well."
I'm a lonely psychopath that look you up within an hour of meeting you.
And that we became friends in the process... ...and learned some shit about life and stuff.
Can't trust no-damn-body!
"You need to be more creative, damn you!"
"Tonight, it'll happen. I'm gonna kiss the girl."
You'il not get a fucking penny from me.
"""The black woman prescribed him an herbal remedy"" ""but a few seconds later"" ""the bald man was dead..."""
"Mildred Harris, that intellectual giant of 16 who still sucks her thumb."
"We're gonna get rid of him, Allende just as fast as we can."
"Hank's up your ass, so you're trying to make nice."
"At your discretion, shooter. three of us!"
Two decades of dealing with rotten little fuzz nuts like you.
I don't wanna hear a fucking sound!
"Ah, shit."
She's the worst. She thinks she's the queen bee.
Double crap.
"Tommy, if you're gonna puke, don't do it here."
"Shit, I ain't built like you, John."
I told you a million fucking times already.
How does a bear beat a goddamn ninja?
I let him go to the devil.
You know it's a bitchin' party.
I beat up this kid's dad.
He's a tasmanian devil!
You are not even worth the calories I burn talking to you.
"I'll growl at some of them, stroke others."
You would have sex with her.
"I'm just saying that it's fucking dangerous... to have a race car in the fucking red, that's all. - I could blow."
Who the hell's aboard that?
"Never fuck with a family of cops, they don't forget."
This shit will pass.
You live like a fucking monk.
There wasn't anything in the fucking plan about the blind guy's birthday and the reverend in a pool of blood!
Have you even got any fucking evidence?
Your ex-boyfriend's gonna stick it in you one last time.
Damn it. This whole case has been one roadblock after another.
"Yeah, the problem is, your shit probably fit in there."
They got me on hold. Fuck it.
Get help. Find her. damn!
It's gonna take more than a loudmouth with a deviant sex life to stop me.
"You knew I was following Wendy Scott-Carr's orders, but you don't give a damn."
"I'm the reason her daughter's dead or-or almost dead or, like, about to die."
You're makin' an asshole out of my brother!
"Ah, si! You married a drug lord's daughter, to hang onto your ear?"
"This brat... cut your hair, understand?"
"“Man, you got balls,” Reginald said."
We should have sex.
"We're going to the Olympics, not a freaking club."
"Yes, the ramblings of a mad old woman, no-one took her seriously."
Why should we be restricted to the cold and shitty warehouses?
Disgusting !
Because when God was handing out brains you took a second dick?
"Hey, garbage girl, better not forget to wash your hands."
"He said if anything went wrong, they'd kill Barbara."
The killing will begin.
Shh! I know you're just being nice to my face while you get Sharon to do your dirty work.
The devil himself is at the helm of this music.
I'm looking forward to your explosions.
"Jesus, what's your fucking problem?"
I've always been the screwed-up one.
"Stressful job, it sucks."
You wanna destroy me but I am not gonna let you do that.
"He throws them, and there ain't a damned thing he can't hit.'"
"I did nothing tonight, and you were just gross and insulting."
"All right, everyone pack up your crap, we're going to our basement!"
"What am I, a schmuck?"
A good kick in the ass.
"What the hell did you do, karev?"
It's total fucking panic out here!
Kick it in.
"(Shut up, twin, and pay attention to what you're doing!)"
"And no one can say I didn't, because there's no one around except me who remembers the damn rules."
"""Damn, it's five-thirty already, and I haven't even made rounds."
"I gotta call 911, we gotta get the fuck out of here!"
Jilly stabbed your old man's cellmate to death.
"Yeah, hot black Army chicks."
"You said ""True Blue"" was about a guy-- a sensitive girl who meets a nice guy... but ""Like A Virgin"" was a metaphor for big dicks."
You just take care of your own shit.
But I'm a dick who has a method to his madness.
"Tell me the truth, you freak."
"""Pervert""?"
"Damn, damn."
"Oi! Back off, butcher!"
You keep that shit to yourself.
"It's fucking boring, the end."
"Hey, smoke a fucking peace pipe! Wait!"
What the hell are you gonna do in Budapest?
"He’s a rude little twerp except when he talks about the Out­side, then he’s like an eager little boy."
When’s the last time you got a fucking letter from a stranger?
You're a liar!
She looked like a slut.
Now you can bite me.
Any of you guys smell a bird murderer?
"Mama, you're gonna wake up the rest of the bitches."
Get them the hell out of here!
He stinks worse dead.
Why the hell are you doing this?
"Do you ever stop talking?! I am sitting here trying to mentally prepare for one of the most important moments of my life, so can you please just shut up?"
"Some guy grabbed Lavoice or squeezed something, and she slapped him, so he threatened her or some shit."
"You wouldn't know real music if I hit you on the head with it, Gooey."
Get off me man!
And mutilated him in order to bypass security.
I have two unique breasts and two duplicates waiting for me.
"Mr. Scott, you old space dog."
He smells like crap.
"""How the hell do you think I feel?"""
For them a human soul is garbage.
Where was the first fucking warning?
Shit. I don't want to die!
You mean you're going to kill yourself?
"You pick out the worst garbage you can find, stinky junk, bits of sweaty sausage, a little tomato, nice, fresh spaghetti, an old cheese rind, lettuce that's good and rotten, one olive, and there you are!"
It's normal to be screwed up.
"I'll go through the chest, straight into the heart. –That should quiet him down. –Fuck you!"
"Mm. You think because I have a shabby, little office that I'm a loser?"
"I mean, he does do magic, but you know, he's a big dork and I like seeing you happy."
Okay... but I'm going to die.
"Stingo, hit it!"
"They said, and I quote, ""sucks worse than gravity."""
But I realize I'd have been useless.
"Even so, Captain, you are, with all due respect, a first-class pussy who minced his way through the Vicars and Tarts course at Sandhurst because he was good at biology."
Anyone who makes love to her dies.
Don't tell me shit about screaming!
"Sue Chalmott, housewife and manic depressive."
That means they're gonna find out the shit missing.
"She smells like a glue stick, she shares my interest in bug zappers... and she likes reading old books by guys who died of syphilis."
"And if something happens to you, I am fucking fired!"
"Your sister is trashed, by the way."
"If it is, I am so going to bust you!"
"The bone nicks indicate this guy inflicted a lot of pain on his victims, which means he's a sadist."
If either of you try to follow me you'll get blasted!
"With pictures and threats, and fucked up shit."
Looked like a big lesbian mule.
"""Perhaps you think I have forgotten about the inn keeper's daughter, and little Celella, and that nigger at -- """
"""We're all going to die,"" he said."
"If he was able to smell my perfume, he’d smell fresh urine even quicker."
"""Not only can't you make a movie where you'd show sex all over, ""you can't even talk about sex all through it."""
It's sad and it's pathetic... And it breaks my heart.
And I know you deserve better than that klutz over there.
How many times am I going to have to replace those goddamn windows?
"It is not stupid, Kenny!"
I may be able to shoot a hole in it.
"And if you are a thinker, and you look at the marijuana situation and you're not laughing... you're fucking dumb."
I'll fucking do it.
I'm gonna have to now assume that sir dick knows we're coming after him.
Don' t send her to us Can' t bear that human stink
All I want to know is what the fuck are we gonna do with these two?
Those things are just sick!
Here come the geeks.
Or a bullet train. There's a better place to blow up.
"She said that old bitch would ring a bell, like, a real-life, actual bell when she wanted something from her in the middle of the night."
What the fuck was that?
I'm starting to regret this shit!
Crap on what things?
We know he threatened Yeong-ae He's capable of killing her
You're going through rehab for a fictional sex addiction.
So all night I banged my head thinking of a story about me that wouldn't suck.
"My God, woman. It's been a thousand years and yetyou are as aggravating and emasculating as ever you were."
I think it was the fuckin' shrimp hors d'oeuvres on the plane.
"Well, I believe I can fuck."
"My god, you freak!"
"Here, ""This dilapidated, sick and evil-minded sheep."""
"Stan, we can't be seen with this nutjob!"
They have killed my parents.
"I wish to die, Hal."
"If it hadn't have happened, you might have driven around the next corner and killed a little kid."
"If you ladies leave my island, if you survive recruit training... ...you will be a weapon,a minister of death, praying for war."
Bow to the hand of diocles!
Son of a bitch...
"No offense, but if that is a woman... it does look like she was beaten with an ugly stick."
We are waiting in this fucking cafe for two days.
What's so damn funny?
"Do you know that asshole, Kim?"
"Jack, don't be a shithead."
Where the bloody hell is Tommy?
"Invisibility was a pretty cool gig if you could bring it off, but a fucking disaster if you blew it."
It's friggin' anarchy here.
Get your ass back here!
"By the end of the day, that kid will have a fake ID... ...and you'll have yourself a crook."
"What're you doing, fatass?!"
"""How the hell are we going to execute him?"
"Pop, what the hell?"
What the hell is that?
Ow! A gut-shot husband and an idiot son who just gave away $5 million worth of cocaine?
I saw him hauling ass across the parking lot just as I walked out.
"Yeah, but I decided against stabbing myself in the leg or getting addicted to pain pills."
I thought you werea big movie star and shit.
You took me off a real homicide for a fucking log?
I think she's signaling for a mercy killing.
"So go on, Tom, shoot me."
"But one thing we do know is that we're fighting for our land... ...our families, our home and our country, goddamn it!"
"Richard, what the fuck?"
I'm not trying to tell you how to suck eggs.
One click and this little sucker will pierce your heart faster than a bullet.
We'll take the Humvee and run right over 'em.
I told you there are -- shut up.
Do I look like the goddamn Chamber of Commerce?
"While a swarm of bees is floating a squeeze bottle of honey along the top of a bar in another world, Burny is telling Ty Marshall to face the wall, goddamnit, just face the wall."
You smell like alcohol.
"'Hope it'll stick something hard and sharp up Tayschrenn, Hood take the treacherous murderer."
"And if your motley assemblage doesn't come back, I'm to wait here on this beach, cock in hand?"
"Clever, OK, but dumb."
I'm liberating my dog from this shithole of self congratulation.
"I was like, ""I know the kind of pussy..."""
"You fucking want to screw with me, too?"
"It sounds stupid, but you know the ghost I told you about?"
"There will be blood, it might be yours so go kill someone. Signed Bad Horse."
And his sister is crazy.
"So,dumbass,I heard you made a grad student throw up last night."
"If I see you again in Rome, it'il be on the point of my sword."
White boys give me goose bumps
I gotta think. Last fucking chance!
Let's shoot it right here in the diner.
You're a real catch compared to some snoring guy with a fridge full of lousy grapes.
He doesn't have patience He hates so many people He's mad when others do well He hates himself Fuck George Simmons
"You brought that shank in with you, it's premeditated murder."
Pull my fucking hair!
"I don't know, killing somebody."
I don't know-- I'd sell Svetlana's ass if she wasn't already renting out her guest room.
Someone's gonna die.
You're evil. - You were mad.
"Are you big-boned, got a glandular problem... but you still want the glamour?"
You got to get those seeds out of your ass.
"I know it sounds stupid, but I was gonna wrap it."
"""I'm alone, dammit!"""
"""The National Spokesperson for the Plight of Black People""?"
I'll give you fucking freedom !
At first your father unknowingly gave this swine information because...
"I woke up, took a big shit, then got out of bed..."
"Fuck, what a day."
He doesn't know shit.
"If we do nothing, she will die."
"Yes, Lisa is often sick."
"You left out Pinpin Pula means ""rice paddy dike"", but other than that, damn good summation."
"Miho, I hope to hell you left one of 'em alive enough to talk."
People say the damnedest things.
"Well, that's about the year I started to stink."
Where in fuck is he?
You stupid sod. - Dear boy... what do you think of your mother now?
"Hey, my car got wrecked chasing after those Busan thugs."
Will you force her to die with you? How like a human. You think only of yourself.
"Brian: You know, Coach Al said only a fool don't change."
Would you stop cryin' over fuckin'... spilled milk?
That's so gross.
The music was just basically a backdrop for being fucked.
"If I warned him about the taxi, he'd fall in the shower and break his neck."
"""Damn it,"" Y'ang-Yeovil stormed."
"Hell, I thought you'd take it to your grave with you, maybe row yourself across the river Styx."
Damn! The dude we just lost is the guy who set up the zip gun hit on the plane.
It's only the English that's infected.
Jesus fuckin Christ... you don't stand up and walk around after you're dead?!
"You're a great one for hanging, ain't you, Smith?"
"At first, we all fool ourselves with vocation, perseverance, and all that rubbish."
It's over... I don't remember askin' you a goddamned thing!
Someone admitted to having sex with me?
"Initially he targeted white, blond women in their 20s But is expanding his victim pool. His m.O. Is to rape his victims"
A complete and total wanker.
"The plan was just to take their pot of gold, Hit 'em where it hurts."
First I made her insane.
"Same language, same arrogance, damned sure the same military, since the Brits and Americans cooperated so closely on so many things."
Get the fuck out of my office.
"Because Stark was behind him, and somehow he knew that Stark was now holding Alexis Machine's pearl-handled straight-razor, the one his mistress had used at the end of Machine's Way to carve up the bastard's face."
You scared the shit out of her.
That witch does not have the power to wield the crystal(!)
They fucking took him.
That dog is done for.
They marvel at their courage; they also marvel that they aren't in the fuckin hospital.
"You're gonna find this maniac, won't you?"
"“Damn it,” swore Måns, trying to start up the computer and holding his cell phone clamped between his shoulder and his ear at the same time."
They're flyers. We got niggers flying our plane now?
"Shut up. Dwight, don't do this."
I don't fucking owe you anything.
Crusader. Incorruptible.
"You fool, you have lost everything and you laugh at me?"
And whoever you were will be gone forever.
You're nuts
Have you ever lived a day in your fucking life?
The gypsie told him some rubbish. And Astilla told him that he don't know him and so on.
I'm just an English major that realized I like punching people.
But when the judge said hang him... ...he looked surprised.
"Hurry up, for fuck's sake!"
"Yes, well, my instincts said to run. But we can't always listen to those silly things, can we?"
And I can't be a wimp.
She is gonna carve my eyes out and she's gonna make me eat them!
He's a liar!
"What am I, a little pig? I don't have time to make you no onion bagel, so please do not start to beg, okay?"
I'm a professional killer.
I've sentenced boys younger than you to the gas chamber.
"Nino, let's get the fuck out of here."
"She say, ""You give me my baby what you kill."""
"Ah, it's a bloody inefficient system."
And you always have to kill what you love the most.
Damn you! - It's an earthquake!
And-- and get that damn Union Hall locked up.
I hate you!
"Success will mean promotion, pay raise. I guaran-fucking-tee it."
Where the fuck did you get that?
"He's my experiment, the top-secret contents of this stinking crate."
You dream up the next $100 head fuck.
"When the American planes show up and begin to kick the shit out of them, the Nips will throw the drums overboard and run away, and hope that some of them will wash ashore on Guadalcanal."
Shut it!
Because I'm gonna rob one of them.
I enjoy hurting people.
"So when someone fucks with my Prozac, it upsets me."
"Damn it, Lee!"
"We can't let you do that, Terrence. All we need is your mouth."
"Mr. Fucking Compassion, I will call somebody!"
You don't know shit about me.
"Yeah, that's the motherfucker let Booker blow his self-up."
"That, and a lot of ridiculous rubbish about the enlisted men in the _Dolphin's_ crew being the elite of the cream of the U. S. Navy."""
Family of traitors.
"My evil half-brother, Loki."
"Jesus Christ, he's gonna crash the plane!"
This is fucking stressful.
So tell me why in the fuck I should get involved with you?
Ecki's first buttfucker?
Maybe he can tell us who the fuck set us up.
"M.E.'s on her way, but just like her friend, one slice to the throat, abdomen cut open."
"They ate alligators, drank lead... ...pissed musket balls, gave the Confederates hell."
"Dammit Charlie, you don't know what you're getting into here."
"I don't know. Maybe take her on a romantic hayride, knock her out with chloroform, and sell her kidney for a new iPad."
I'm looking for that other screwball.
All the Dark Lord needs now is a great soldier... ...someone who can lead his hordes to the gates of heaven... ...and burn them down.
"In its own way, it was a damned brilliant idea."
"They actually hired Emad Salem and paid him I million dollars and gave him real explosives, a detonator and told him to build a bomb and to give it to the foolish people that he was controlling to allow them to attack the World Trade Center complex."
I'll ask you a fucking question.
Freak.
"I'm not saying you should park your butt in the rocking chair, smack your gums, and wait for senility, but you need to recognize the reality."
What's that skinny old man with the tit job doing here?
Piss off! Fast!
`You jackals!' he shouted at them.
The gays.
"Went over, like, ""Do you want a fucking picture?"
Would all passengers please remain seated Los Angeles You don't give a shit about Aaron Ulrich now?
Demonic clowns danced around the sign in frozen pantomime.
"All I ask is that you give it to frick and frack, tell them it's yours, stand back, and let them come to me."
"Hell, they even shot that old colored fella that plays the organ."
"What a fool I must have been, that think I could have... ...changed the world, that I could have made a difference... You know? Giving people hope...eh?"
Burning!
Stop bullshitting me!
"The queen, the Vatican, the Gettys... the Rothschilds and Colonel Sanders before he went tits up."
"You heard about the bomb? - Ben, shut up."
"""You always were a snatch and trash artist, Arthur."
These are illegal immigrants.
There's dick dent. Who's dick dent?
"Look, I been figuring... ...with 200 gallons of gas back here... ...we don't have to makeone damn stop, not one."
IRA are killing our boys ten a day.
"You sell the Israelis the radar, so that's why he says, ""To hell with it. """
"So you, witch, are gonna get over yourself and help us."
"No, we're never opening that damn box in 1,000 years."
The hunter on the fastes horse shall kill us ???.
Your damn cigarettes Why'd you move the shoe in the door?
"You have gotto get your ass down there, pretend to be the perfect husband, charm them all, and then, when you have them eating out of the palm of your hand, you make her sign this."
Sae-hee'll punish all of you.
"Sure, the stocks rose, but who wants to do all that work for a shitty little uptake?"
Your smile is very bad.
"Would you do me a favor, Pig?"
"Johnny's...I don't know what this chick's got but she's fucking coming with me to the hospital and then we're going to the cops, man."
"You know, I didn't agree to anything, first of all, and second of all... Your plan sucks."
You believe this fucking guy?
Just knock him out.
"It doesn't make you a terrible person, but it does make you a... Well... A sucker."
"Dude, your sexy girlfriend's in trouble. I'm not going anywhere."
♪ Watching every motion in my foolish lover's game... ♪
"""Damn, Bronco, this looks like a knife fight coming."""
She's schizophrenic.
I just can't wait to devour you.
Oh my god. It's my dad. Fuck.
"I'm not really in the mood for a blowjob, but thanks."
"Just think,I've already killed her."
Did he just fucking throw a rock?
Where the hell are you at?
That party was so sick.
"Oh fuck, Guy!"
That shit was just a whisper in the wind.
Bullshit. - And we want to do... everything we possibly can... to keep you all together.
I've been handling this bullshit for two days for a woman who's supposed to be handling things for me.
I got crap to do.
Good thing Tuco's already dead.
My timing always sucked.
"And with your breasts, they might..."
"We'il turn you from a sweet Sandy into a slutty Sandy... dancing at the school fair in high heels, black spandex, and permed hair."
Stella hasn't had sex since 2003.
"I don't know, college, law school, medical school, all that good shit."
Headlights are going to be smashed to bits.
"You listen to me, Mr.""Vogel"" or whatever your fucking name is."
"Get a better job, Great, - If you gave a crap about me, you would make sure, and you would do anything to make sure that I didn't go to that school... that's what you would do,"
Why does this crap always happen to...
I can take you to the body.
"I don't mean to be rude, but I was transporting chilled semen"
He hacked off all of their limbs.
"God damn it, you got this job because of me."
I went through some pretty crazy shit with my fuckin' parents.
"Charlie, kill dimmer four and light one."
She doesn't need losers like you.
Killing their planet.
"I think someone's fucking with me, trying to get me to kill the wrong guy."
"She's too young, too naive... She would get robbed blind."
"Oi, shut up."
Is his own damn fault.
Get the fuck out of here.
I had to find out from herat my damn engagement party.
You're damn right it's a threat.
"The sooner we blow this hellhole, the better."
A high-stepping pig high-faluter!
He puts a gun to my head.
"Damn, she had a nice pair of guns."
"You got herpes, dude!"
You won't meetanother thief like me in a library.
Did this fat woman really mean it?
You knew there were risks when you quoted that crap from that book. Okay?
"Their wares included willing menials, pliant sex toys for any whim, soldiers, generals, philosophers, even an occasional moralist."
I bet he'd jump out of his grave and snatch her baldheaded.
"I explained all this to you, Jane, that I'm the fucking deputy, and I fixed up the overflow cell in case you come back."
"""Shit, man,"" Eliot says, ""you didn't even blink when I told you about the scalps."""
I want to get this shit out of the way before I go out.
Can you poop on my stomach? What?
Are you screwing with me?
This Beast has killed hundreds with his bare hands.
"I said - no guns inside the house, sergeant. Are you crazy?"
My little brother's even a bigger asshole than you are.
"Oh, look at you. Fuck!"
"I ended it with Chaz's death; there was more, but it was none of their damn business."
They're no worse than any other things that suck blood at night.
You fried the whole village! Idiot!
"He fucks my wife,"
"For revenge, he'il kill a piece of legislation that's good for this country."
"""A ridiculous risk."""
"Think about it. It's a good fucking option for you, mate."
"Ah, so you want me to take the word of a piece of shit like Valdon."
Your whiny righteousness has the stench of sincerity.
"Hurry up,so we can go get fucked up."
"Shit, she's completely ignoring me."
"You break a fella's nose, Murdoch, you don't nearly tear a man's head right off and hang him in a tree."
I'd like to lead a dance and dedicate it to that loser.
Is everybody supposed to feel sorry for you because you're in a fucking wheelchair?
Foul ball! - You did all this in a day?
"There’ll be people who’ve been battling cancer like mad bastards for a year, sixteen months."
"Blacks with big, fat lips."
"What the hell do you mean, quiet?"
"You just gonna let him hang, like everybody else has?"
You think I'm going to just stand around while you parade your stiff neck around as Prime Minister?
Cuckoo crazy.
And take this shit.
"I know nobody likes a rat, but seeing as you guys are already rats..."
I didn't pay for you to go down there to have a fucking vacation.
What the fuck are you gonna do?
I'm not some goddamn charity case.
A real maidenhead and both ritual and physical defloration.
Are you on the damn phone again?
Aah! - I'm cold and miserable.
"But do me a favor, don't tell her that you had some wine and fell asleep with your ex-wife after some Hillbilly Handfishin'. It just sounds so dirty."
"I think they teach more, ""Sit, stay, beg,"" not, ""Stop watching me wank, you're putting me off."""
"That's dumb, Dom."
"We'll smoke you out or carry you out feet first, so you say which, Mr. Gunman."
You guys hang.
The vampire tried to kill me last night and trashed my car when he didn't succeed.
"I'll turn the car around, I'll flip a bitch, and I'll go pork somebody."
"""It sure would be easier to deal with the bastards if they had a predictable way of running things."""
What the hell did she have to do with this?
"You shot her, left her in the car and tossed the weapon."
All but the crazy old twins and devious.
"You wanna fuck with me, do you?"
You are very sick and in need of healing.
"Women moved like ghosts through the drifting, tumbling clouds of fog."
"You ain't what Julian is, no matter if you did kill that man."""
"Half an hour earlier, she was having sex with the guy."
Check this shit out.
What Luna was trying to say is if you guys ever wanted to fuck...
Get the fuck out of the road!
Gangster Bureaucrats.
Mind you own bloody business.
The Detroit cock squasher?
"""Tonight, it happens to be coming through me—you poor bastard."""
He won't even try a bloody bullet catch.
"China... they haven't got doors on the shitters."""
They are brutal people.
So? No one wants to hear her poor man's Lisa Loeb-style vag ballads.
Damn.
Then I say we head out there and blast those Berserkers with what we've got.
God damn you to hell.
"Shit, you gonna run again ? - Yeah."
Christopher's shit.
"""Lafe, don't take yourself so hogwash seriously."""
"Through trial and error, we figured out that's the longest amount of time either of us could be boss before Phil turns into a complete jackass."
"Takes out a gift wrapped box, opens it, reaches in and pulls out, and I shit you not, the biggest, blackest--"
"The only time I ever lost was Apollo versus Rocky, but I think that shit was fixed."
I once left somebody in the shit.
Crap hotel.
"Yeah. We could do something by getting our asses back to the hotel, which is in the other direction!"
The bastard's stopped drinking.
"And I want to picture you laying down with me next to you... ...and I want you to stroke your cock, okay?"
We can strike them at night and move like smoke in the darkness.
"Where'd you buy it, Jew?"
"So when Harvard finally comes calling, you're screwed."
Crap. Drop it.
"You, woman and child, you have wasted enough time with your pathetic emotional distractions."
"Yeah, can dickheads have some tea please?"
Death will see to that.
"That was a stupid idea, Rainer."
Get rid of all of it! Jesus.
"Yeah, you have no fucking idea, dude."
I'm trying to keep my coloured troops from going into that town and killing somebody.
"Hate you! Ventura, our therapist said for us to order you to stop inflicting emotional damage on us."
You got pretty fucked up in Bosnia.
"Both of you, back in the fucking yard now."
"And we grabbed from the ground... and we began to eat this mush... and the American soldiers looked at us, thinking, ""These people are crazy."""
Now get the hell out of my house!
"DAVE: For all those who have been downrange, to us and those like us, damn few."
"Oh, Dick! You've got money in your shoes. Ooh!"
But he will exterminate you!
It is a damn tough situation.
I'm not taking any chances with this fuck.
"Wash me in the water That you wash your dirty daughter, And I shall be whiter than the whitewash on the wall. . . . at last to D Wing, where the madmen of the '30s persist."
"Because, human lover, her daddy fucked up my bar and glamoring's boring."
"He has the mentality of an earthworm, but he's a true Angarak king."
"""Before I lose my damn temper."""
You stay in bed. I'll eat yours. Bender's sick.
"Britney Spears,Christina Aguilera, Tara Reid... they're all stupid spoiled whores!"
This place is already wigging me the fuck out.
What can we do? Damn it!
"All it's done so far is give me a pain in my ass, hurt my feet, get me laughed at in my locker room."
"It's why we're still alive, goddamn it."
You're fucking good!
Okay everybody shut up for a minute.
Give me the balls.
"Right, they were born gay."
I know I fucked up.
I can't believe this shit worked.
Shit highway could be our road to riches.
"""Then go call your wife, and get the hell off my back."""
A miserable front page.
"So these guys killed my father and then you just killed them and figured what the hell, I always wanted to be a sheriff?"
Because they're gonna be in the same damn food.
But you do have a strong disease in your soul.
"What? No. Come on, you stole my goddamn money."
"""I wonder what the old man wants with this lump of foul lard,"" said Stubb, not without some disgust at the thought of having to do with so ignoble a leviathan."
"Ugh, it's black?"
"Dad, you're so annoying."
"I was, um... I was in New York one time, I was on the subway platform and I saw two rats, uh, and they were fucking."
"As a teenager, you were pretty nasty."
"Jimmy, it'd help if I knew what the fuck you were looking for."
Put your face in the hole.
"But he didn't say that, he wimped out and he's been renamed now as Pope Gutless Bastard l."
You lucky devil!
"Shit, he sounds like a real professor."
"I don't know if you believe what you're saying, or if you're faking it, or if you're just insane."
What the hell are those things?
"Well, listen to you, Miss Potty Mouth."
You're the runtswhat vandalized my home.
I know it's not the fucking fart.
Go home and suffer what the earth mother has sent us.
Criminal brains.
They're all cheats.
All those losers will be too busy ordering jalapeño poppers to watch some stupid welcome video.
"Gods, I was a fool to think I could keep this from her."
"The best part about getting a blow job from Amanda, ten minutes of silence."
I told that idiot stylist not to brush it.
That's a fuckin' hard situation.
"Richard, you look positively ghastly."
And you turned that into a whorehouse and a casino.
He's leaving before I charging him a statutory rape.
Wolpert is known inside the beltway for his shameless sexual proclivities with women he pays.
And... and throw some shit.
"But if he stays there, he'll starve to death."
"Domastir, Domastir, why do you come here... and insult my palace with your stench?"
You're not gonna do a damn thing.
"He was only eighteen years old, and was a paranoid schizophrenic."
Fucking Breckenridge!
Are you insane? That's all I ever do!
You're equating your pathetic love life with my record-breaking tumor?
I hate it when you're like this.
Only this killing gaze will make me think of doing something to you.
Just let me know how many people need to die before I get the baby.
I'd be a coward to do otherwise.
For breaking ttat asshole's nose?
Took me some fucked-up places and showed me some crazy shit... ...but not like today.
"So tell me, you wicked little animal what is Philip offering?"
I enjoy it quite a bit because it's just man against man... ...but with big red balls.
It'll fucking heal.
The safety of the veterinary medicinal product in bitches has not been established during pregnancy and lactation.
You know what that shit has done to my sister.
"Please, look, this guy is fucking dying."
He may as well have clubbed you and dragged you back to his cave.
And she surely wouldn't have lectured so much about it if the bloodsuckers hadn't been tne only finches she could make her students give much of a damn about.
"Call the goddamn cops, now!"
Cut them off.
"Holy shit, man!"
Old Wallace also used to wear a fucking stethoscope on stage.
You owe me a lotta money for them nakeds.
"But the fangs held fast, and I heard the popping, sucking sound of the bladderlike seed pods of a leech plant, as they expanded and contracted like small ugly lungs."
I have a bit of cellulite on my tummy.
You wanna fuck with me? Okay.
"Love, connect... ...grow old, die."
Puss?
"And since you're more screwed up than I am, what are you gonna do, judge me? (Sighing) (Crows cawing)"
"When you have my crown, will you not kill my descendants, bury my name?"
"Now, how would you like to be tortured, Spasspecker?"
"If the Niners are buying from Lobo, this guy is gonna slaughter them."
"She's my fine little surfer girl. You know, she ain't pretty as she used to be... and she bitch a whole lot more than she used to, but she white."
I don't give a shit!
Poor wretched souls.
"Negro, if you are referring to Mr. Chapman, The fact is he appropriated that particular Musical ornamentation from my repertoire, bro. - damn!"
"Τhere is a strong consensus about the fate of the Εmperor, but it doesn't mean shit to me."
When there's a German soldier on the road you shoot him?
"When we got together, it scared the shit out of me, because... you were the one personwho could ruin my life."
"With 50 head of cattle on the property, we might as well be ringing a damn dinner bell. She's right."
I've handled bigger schmucks than you.
Let's give a big shout out to the peeps that put on this whole thing together and to the bartenders who had to put up with your shit all week.
"I, uh... just didn't want you to thinkyou were the only sucker in town."
You think he's gonna give you fuckin' money?
"Suicide. Most likely, yeah."
Bullet in the right hip.
She called it your crying butt.
"Stéphane Miroux, your novel I'm Just Your Neighbor and a Liar."
"Cross my heart and hope to die, sort of."
"I know it sucks that lindsey's dating,"
"By the way, where does it say in the fucking friendship handbook that you are the only one who is allowed any fucking problems?"
How does he function... ...with a brain that small?
"If I was you, I'd be worrying about myself. - Fuck you."
"Well, shit. That's a good omen."
We shall purge those toxins from you.
Are you even a fucking doctor'?
William fired him because he was unhinged.
"You caught them together and you killed them, didn't you?"
You get so crazy when you drink.
"I was like, ""Damn!"" Man."
Because all this rubbish... ...about me being faithfuland good to you and...
You got a garbage strike?
Miss Ross has junk.
Don't look at these fucking idiots.
"Straight up the road, there's a concrete fucking bunker called Beverly Hills."
Artificial sweeteners will rot in your insides.
"Now, please, come down here before fucking Carvel closes."
"Damn, so lightweight, you'il forget you're wearing it."
It reeks of shit.
"Peter shook his hand and said, ""You lucky little pinheaded fart-eater."""
"I said I want to get fucked up, man."
"Mick, that woman you met this morning, don't fucking talk to her."
"Sorry, dog."
Out of the fuckin' way!
I can't take that shit.
The shit stays in the car.
Pig!
"He fucked up the whole building, but us, who lived right next to him..."
"Because it ain't damn ""Bonnie and Clyde,"" all right?"
"What do you mean ""kill you""?"
You get the hell out of here!
"One of them is going to die, Corwin."
"if I had told Mommy she looked like a cow, it would have hurt her feelings."
Wherefore there is no salvation therefrom except that a woman pure in heart were to make the vampire forget the cock's first crowing.
"The three most useless jobs in the world are, in order, lawyer, congressman, and doctor."
"The broad hips, the buttocks, firm and smooth, the supple waist and soft, round breasts... Taking her by the waist, cupping the curve of her hips."
Just estate junk.
"Yo, Caz, this your man and all. I don't give a fuck how many guns I’ve seen him hold."
"Look, even if your father wasn't in a... compromised state, it would be a fool's errand to try to convince Parliament to extend that lease."
We'll be bloody dead soon.
I need to get to the Hollywood Park racetrack... ...and I mean right the fuck now.
"If Woody says it's all right, then, well, darn it, it's good enough for me."
"Oh stop it, you big lug."
You want me to fuck this car?
Can we agree not to throw down while we have our cocks out?
You must listen to me prick.
"Wakeman found himself smiling at the slim, efficient figure with a lucky cat's foot dangling between her breasts as she worked."
Don't be a smart arse.
Who do you think gave Saddam all his fucking weapons?
The bad guys call him Harry And the good guys call him filthy Harry.
"Now, get your ass to ballet."
You're making excuses for a pedophile?
We'll kick City Hall over like an applecart.
I switched to the ugly friend.
There'snever a beer in the goddamn fridge.
"Well, now that is simpl asinine, - Yes, but ou see, Garth, this is not what ou just called ""some other line of work,"""
"The thing is, is that Lord Humungous... dominates his women, and they fucking love him for it."
You want me to fuckin' go?!
"So now we're fucking angels, right?"
You damn near killed me!
"""Black Dick's a lushington, too fond of his gin."
They're dirty.
Best goddamn ears in town.
"So I thought I'd try this shit on Mitch mixed with my little Brooklyn shit, right?"
Just think we should get us a couple Tramble brothers to shiv his ass.
"""Oh, don't be silly, Honor!"
Girls like our Em don't hook up with freaks like what's-his-face.
Keep your mouths shut and no cunt goes to jail.
We gotta burn the rest of them.
"But it tastes like pig shit, so I buy mine elsewhere."
Get me some h.E. On those sons of bitches!
"If we get out of here, we'll be bloody heroes!"
"I die inside, Wizard, for the child and for the goddess who sent you to me."
"Let me show you how this shit's done, son."
I went nuts when you left.
Then you stroke her hair... her neck... het breasts...
I would kill for you to be here in San Francisco (in New York).
"Frankly, love is disgusting."
You like to fuck guys.
"Cosmo, Nancy ... - Walt balls. - But one need only two."
"It isn't done. It's not real sex, it's movie sex."
"I'll live another day! Another day of... ...pathetic, forgotten misery."
Koreans never get shit done in time.
"If he did, Paolo would not hesitate to kill him and claim victory."
I don't give a rat's ass if they're the Three Stooges or the Four Tops.
I command you! Leave the body of this servant!
"Are you listening to yourself, freak?"
Your liver...
"You find me cold, unfeeling, selfish, don't you?"
What the hell?
Paige is so much worse than Abby.
"It's disasters like this that have everyone thinking we're a haven for criminals and losers."""
I don't want to fuck Ricky.
"For the crime of disobedience, you should all be executed as common criminals."
What happens between a man and his woman behind closed doors is none of your damn business.
Damn...
Some sniper with a fucking Kalashnikov knows your routine.
"Look, I must have been in every singles Frenchman’s fucking house in this area, there must be about 200, so what?"
Smith is punching everybody he meets.
"No, that shit is too easy!"
"I am afraid, he might kill somebody."
"OK, how about ""die""?"
Don't talk nonsense!
"You, on the other hand, have decades of experience dating and being attracted to losers."
"Used to hang a card around my neck, saying, ""Jeremy kicks""."
Let's throw him into the sea.
"Trip and some of those guys, they're screwing with you!"
Then I'm really going to kick you out of here.
"It was warm and familiar, and damn comforting."
"This is some fucked-up, repugnant shit."
"I often visualize a whorehouse, where the head is separated from the body by a system, similar to a guillotine before the hatchet drops."
"The first is a gigantic negro named Zambo, who is a black Hercules, as willing as any horse, and about as intelligent."
You're still fucking joking.
"After all, I am supposed to hate your country."
"Fuck, it's cold as hell, isn't it?"
Get the girls fucking till the jury comes back.
"Peace, happiness... 2 virgins and 70 sluts."
"""I wanna fuck you all."""
"I, who pushed the world so much further than you, am insane."
"Aw, tastes like piss."
You fucking kidding me?
"No, no, this isn't stupido."
And all of our little pigs. Hmm.
You don't know anything about her and I'll be damned if I'm gonna let you use that kind of language when you talk about her.
But I hate the fucking interest rate.
"If we keep the girls, what are you gonna do with the guys? Kill them?"
What a small fuckin' world.
You look pretty fucked up.
Get the hell out of here!
But I knowyour porn face and that's not it.
You sons of bitches is gonna be in a video game.
And maybe I can shoot down there later.
If he uses those same preventers when Aegis-1 goes on-line... ...there'll be a goddamned disaster.
"Me, I like the .45 Colt, but I been shooting that little baby for twenty-some years."""
if I could not accept that... then I would be a fool.
What bloody man is that?
The duergar started to protest but quickly dismissed the foolish notion.
Jesus. How fucking old do you think I am?
The first one to grin gets his head kicked in]
"Whatever, I'll never see him again unless I go insane."
Palms are sweaty- - What the hell were you thinking?
"Hank, you should try and live with someone who every day reminds you how fucking lucky you are to be with them!"
"Damnedest thing, but just for a moment, she had a mental picture of herself with shorter, curlier hair."
"I'm glad he's dying, but if I'd done it, he'd be in a million crappy pieces."
"I don't like you much, Samson."
"Nice going, airhead."
Now stop your fucking crying.
How fucking hard can that be?
Get off me!!
"You know, there was that one time in your little crap village... ...where you shot my best friend with a crossbow."
"'I have played with you long enough, savage.'"
God damnit!
Why don't you piss off?!
"Look at that old man, he looks awful."
You don't bother counting how many times you have sex with each other.
Especially fools who think domestic violence is funny.
"Female victim, cut up into pieces."
It's all fucking right!
Didn't exactly bring a fucking smile to my face.
Being your brother is a curse. I'd rather be brothers with anyone else but you.
I can't let you cut her leg off.
"Sorry, what do you gotta unload out of your butt?"
"If the wild and foolish rebels had damaged his magnificent monument statue, he would be very upset indeed."
"Why don't you give us a dance? Just piss off, would you?"
"Idiot, don't shoot the kid"
I'm just a useless woman.
I need some fucking fresh air.
"She's like, ""I'm Paris Hilton"", and I'm, ""I don't give a fuck."""
"I found substantial scarring on Anja's cervix, indicative of recent and repeated rape."
You don't have to do anything ridiculous.
I'm ashamed of this whole silly masquerade.
Where the fuck's Nicky?
My son will notice what you truly are: a whore.
Last thing Daddy needs is some trashy strumpet using his fragile heart as a way to his money.
Get the hell out of here!
But you will gain something if you just sit on your butt all day.
"Pleasure doing businesswith you,captain jackass!"
"Damn, why is there no air in this place?"
"Fill it up with garbage and flies and bring some kids in to beg, then call it a day."
Nine million terrorists in the world... .. and I gotta kill one with feet smaller than my sister.
I had sex with like 200 women last year... and all the faces are a blur.
"Tomorrow is not a fucking option, okay?"
He is a robber!
"I'm sorry I fucked your girlfriend Ceci, OK?"
What the hell does that mean?
My mouth feels so frickin' bad.
"Don't be foolish, Noah."
Give me the cat! Shit!
"Two powerful, two Irish... two-fisted fuckin' drinkin' guys in the same movie together."
I'm a fuckin' dinosaur.
"Donnie, what is this shit?"
He likes to eat little boys like you.
"You fool, why don't you try asking your neighbours."
Strangled him with a chain.
I won't let it kill my daddy.
She raped it.
"I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad dog without a strategic thought in his head."
I love crappy food.
"You have this orgasm, not only an orgasm but a spontaneous orgasm."
"Maybe you are a bloody hero, letting O'Neill off the hook that way."
"Dammit, wake up, Erkki!"
What the fuck is going on?
"My father, may the Lords of Judgment damn his soul for a thousand years, wouldn’t let me associate with Easterners because he wanted to be accepted as Dragaeran."
"""Liberty or Give us Death."""
"Then he's the damn cheek to tell me if I paid a fine, I could go on my way and no need to fetch the police."
Mm-hmm. Maybe the guy was a bum or a squatter or something.
"""Moby dick""--on tape?"
You gotta be shittin' me.
"Instead, she sticks him with needles and sucks out his blood."
The leaders are lizards.
You rotten zombie!
Get the fuck in the car!
Fucking come on!
How the hell did you?
That diamond is as big as a damn monkey's paw.
I knew you were in on this shit.
Sit your ass in that corner.
"I'm crawling on your face."""
And my breasts?
"Thanks, Quagmire, 'cause this sucks."
"Wait... he drove that piece of crap car, and he had money to loan?"
Then why burn her like that?
I'm defending the dad because he got screwed.
"""Fine garments for a piece of dung."
Did he say that he would kill anybody caught skimming?
Then she remembered Motherfucker.
A filthy bloody-minded bunch in reality.
"Gaby, think. she's sensitive to smell, nauseous and has swollen breasts."
The last thing we need is for a dark-horse black candidate... ...to capitalize on this. Run as an Independent.
JUAN: He is a pimple. The entire Orsini family is our tumor.
That your dad was fucking my mom.
"Plastic surgeons have plastic dicks, right?"
"I mean,he had done so much blow that his face was as hollow as a piñata."
"Hey, don't put fucking words in my mouth."
You never had sex with her?
"Mark, mate, look, this wasn't just a shag."
No proof once I've burnt your clothes!
It's a long and totally ridiculous story.
I haven't gotten one signature on this damn sheet And I've been here all day!
"Two, are celebrities in the community gay now."
And that my father turned in his gay badge when my mother turned in her Jewish badge.
Maybe. Isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
I'll look insane!
"Damn it, Herb, how many times have I told you... not to use the guest towels?"
What's it like working in an industry that encourages women to view themselves as sex objects?
You wanna get shot by a real motherfucker?
Nobody fuck with Hammerl Huh?
Looks like that's the last of your shit.
That is the last time that I go to one of those goddamn events with Sergeant Barker.
That's really gross.
"'Shit,' the distributor snorted."
"You're guilty as hell, man.”"
"This... This isolation, this self-destructive bullshit."
"They palavered in that damned singsong tongue of theirs, then conducted me to the palace of the Emperor's Hand."
I swear I will! I'll shoot you!
You filmed us having sex? You're upset?
I'm gonna do shots. I'm gonna get crazy and you're gonna do it with me.
Anything that we can't go through displays as black.
"""Fools are so naive."""
"So let's eat crap, because it's on the corner."
"But if it wasn't a joke, then what the hell was it?"
"Come, now, Mr. President, put the little man down and let's sit our fanny back in that throne of yours."
"'You will find it very hard to print that,' said Mr Carney, ignoring the lawyer's frantic hand signals, 'with no damn press!'"
"But, Will,she's been dead two years and that's the shit I remember."
"Got to staff up, get the right client list. It's not just get the car and put asses in the seats."
Ever since Big Daddy's health started failing Gooper's worked like a fool to keep this place up.
"The woman was shameless, insufferable-and so much herself that Mriga suddenly found herself liking Ischade intensely."
"Fuck this! Captain Steele, I'll take out the threat in the window."
"Damn it, Kylie."
"I mean, what do you care if I fail my stupid drug test?"
"Ah, well, me in the with a big, black."
"If I say this asshole Can leave, would anybody ContradiCt me?"
This child is about to wipe out every living thing on Earth!
I leapt on top of him and had sex right there in the hall.
"""Kill the juice."""
I was surrounded by basket cases like you.
"We shot it with sores, with calluses."
You're damn right you're gonna pay 'cause I'm gonna sue your ass.
"If they owe a lot, I go for their jugular."
If thatfucking monkey had run some kid over everybody would have a very different opinion.
I give you a gift of knowledge and you fuck it away!
And a loser like your brother.
Frost is trying to... trigger a fuckin' vampire apocalypse.
And then she chases him from the house with a big fuckin' butcher's knife.
You'll wake up in time to get shot for treason... ...because your mom wants to ransom a bomb to the United States. It's a reward.
You're a felon. You work a dead-end job.
Why do they make these damn skirts so hard to zip?
Your mother still makes lousy spaghetti.
"Everybody who can identify me will be dead, and I will be on my way to Mexico with a boxful of cash."
"Too crazy, man."
What the fuck you looking at?
She'll know who wants Rebekah dead.
Or I'll stomp on you.
They sabotaged the fucking snowmobiles!
Take them alive!
"Oh, shut up!"
"I'm not kidding, damn it!"
You would be so despicable?
"Damn, that was disappointing."
"Oh, God damn, please."
"For chrissake, you had sex with your patient."
The fat one...
You're goddamn right!
I was a fool to think that she'd walk away from all this-- From the Hamptons.
I saved a lot of kids from lame sex!
"At normal speed it didn’t make much sense, but once I speeded it up, I had the sucker.”"
What'd you shoot 'em for?
You better fucking keep that to yourself.
Now wait just a damn minute.
"""Shut up,"" Richards said."
Now he complained to Memtok that the gravel hurt his feet through these silly slippers-didn't the household afford anything better?
"Every week, they'd put one of those rats on the front page of the paper-- a big picture, give their names, addresses, what crimes they were committing here, every week, right there for the city to see."
Shot to death waiting for a bus.
I will hang it in my car.
Where's the damn money?
‘Can’t go around bein’ miserable jus’ because you’re in some lost underground tomb with a mad cat lover an’ a torch that’s goin’ to go out any minute‑‘
That guy was just an obsessed reader... ...who couldn't tell real life fromthe crap you make up for a living.
God bless his miserable soul.
"""I just told you— crazy!"" and don't think this wretched old horny dopefiend doesn't love her, because he does, and don't think he isn't praying, writing down his wishes carefully on cigarette papers, rolling up in them his finest sacramental kif and smoking them down to a blister on the lip, which is the dopefiend's version of wishing on an evening star, hoping in his heart she's just off on another stomp, please only a stomp, let it be over inside the day Just one more time, he writes on each good-night's reefer, that's all, I won't ask again, I'll try not to, you know me, don't judge me too hard, please . .. but how many more of these stomps can there be?"
"All right, balls before dolls."
"Where the hell you been, man?"
Take off my head!
"You call me babe one more time, I will go game of thrones on your ass."
I come to thee for charitable license... that we may wander o'er this bloody field to book our dead... and then to bury them.
I'd know if I were killing people.
Bandits! shit!
It's fucking mad
"Trust me, college is just another... lame-ass pyramid scheme."
Let us the fuck out of here.
I'm sick of this koala-hugging nigger telling me...
You mind telling me what's going on with all these fuckin' vampires walkin' around in the daytime?
Ugh! Integrity sucks.
"""Shut up, Brutal,"" I said."
Holy shit. - This is gonna be your best year in the last seven.
"Because that's called ""intellectual property"" and I can copyright that shit."
Everyone is starting to think you're a crappy president.
How the fuck does that help?
"He's always been there for me, through all my terrible relationships and shit, and I can tell him anything."
"He's too weak-minded to hear us,"
"A whore, you mean?"
"Let's go back, these mysteries are a product of your sick imagination."
"If whatever mess he creates results in his death, so be it."
The tiny blue serpents twined around her nipples and she felt a thrill of exquisite pain and pleasure at the touch.
"Hey, schmuck. You get money from girls every day?"
What the fuck you doin' out here in the garbage?
Just don't let the damn plants die.
"'They were traitors, weren't they?"
This is the most ridiculous thing I ever heard.
And apparently kill my husband to get what they want.
This woman get away with a goddamn thing.
My daddy ain't killed nobody and he sure ain't kidnapped no bitch !
"That still kills me, you and church."
I don't think that you want to know who you're really fucking with.
Men like me follow goddamn protocol.
Is that so very silly?
A trickster god.
'Nab him and take him away!
Holy shit. that's my jane doe.
But what about my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps?
I'm the one who needs a girl and you're hogging them all.
I just gave you a slap.
Vampire Mistress Vixen.
"before he kills me."" And so on."
"I can't keep you here, you're sick."
The band is really awful.
"He just wanted the damned war to end, the same as Wally did."
Search every fucking inch of this place!
"No, I didn't sign on for this shit, Terry. I got punched in the..."
"They eat, drink and fornicate!"
"Your friend Davina saved my ass, but what's done is done, so pour me a drink, play me a song because it's gonna be my last."
"""Your wife is screwing around on you, you think shes building a case to take the kids away from you, and youre just letting it happen."
By pretending to be gay?.
Then that crazy bastard started sending me strange pictures.
You sound like two fat slags at a pie bake off.
"But she could see he was worried, as if he knew the crazy girl he was screwing would actually pull such a stunt."
You wanna know what it's like to kill a man?
"Boy, it was raw as hell, but I put everything I had into that shit, man."
Merely the thought of infidelity would kill me.
"""I want the truth, not your bullshit!"""
Should I play the coward?
"What the fuck is it now, Meadows?"
Uday would have killed me first.
"Yeah, or ""Later, dick-wad""."
"Darn, all at once..."
"Scumbags, the lot of them."
And shooting!
You think you can break up with me after we had sex.
I'd would rather live like crap on money that I earned myself than live like a princess on money that somebody else gave me.
A thug who showed his true nature When he betrayed the trust of this great man and murdered him in cold blood.
"I don't know why he killed her, but he's a scoundrel."""
"I want a dance, baby. - Fuck you."
Girls are very confusing.
Marry that little hussy.
I'd say you're 30 pounds ofjunk food and a retail job away from killing yourself.
He's dying and I'm wanking.
"Unless I'm missing something, you just suck the fat with that hose."
You're the coldest fish I've ever met!
"Bet you he'd be pissed off to know that he's left you in the shit, eh?"
I don 't want ass prints on my new door!
"Then he backed off down the aisle, crossing himself back and forth, back and forth, like a demented widow."
She woke me up out of a dead sleep and had sex with me.
I do not approve of you fucking Koi Scharf.
She's a convicted murderer.
"I'm getting a little bored of this curse of yours, Ashitaka."
Leave me the fucking tools that I need!
This sucks. This sucks.
"More pressure should have been put on the Japs, he said to himself, to suppress this damn book."
"Jamie, Um, Keep Shooting."
"Take as many photographs as you want, take as many photographs as you can, but most importantly, what I need from you is to shout and scream and let that bitch know that youse are out here."
"He looked up at the sky, which was sullen, streaked and livid, and reflected that it was the sort of sky that the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse wouldn't feel like a bunch of complete idiots riding out of."
"Clutched in the Seer's hands, an egg the size of a cusser."
He banged seven women in one night.
"Of course you can, you great, big, silly Bobby Goldsboro."
It's hard to keep a straight face when Toot's acting the goat.
"You know, gotta have blind faith, otherwise, why do you even give a shit?"
"""Stop that foolishness!"" he cried, or thought he cried."
"Look, suck it, dude."
Flash! I look at somebody and I see like a fucking X-ray.
"""Hey, man, I said one fuckin' picture !"""
"Kind of pathetic, don't you think... Screwing the help?"
This is Stereo fucking City.
"Clad in stinky rags! Horrible on sight, a bell at his foot!"
"Oh, for fuck's sake, it's Jesus."
"I think you know about my Goddamn daughter, do you?"
"What the fuck are you talking about? All I'm saying is, if you think about it... no matter where you go you gotta have a home... and Salt Lake is, like, home."
I'm so fuckin' scared.
"We were about to eat tofu pizza... when you got a call and ran out the door like a bat out of hell, and here you are now looking like you've been dragged to hell and back. - So?"
I'm saving your ass yet again despite the fact that you struck me... ...yet again.
"Look, first you throw my ass in jail."
Or if you follow the graceful line of the pectoral is major... it inevitably draws your eyes to the golden orbs... climaxed by the nipple.
Best Fighter? That's so dumb.
"Well, I know it sounds kind of stupid... but I thought you were in some kind of danger last night."
"Either they won't believe it, or they won't give a shit."
"There has to be, goddamnit."
We go everywhere together and if you hit one of us you better hit us all because we stick together.
Frakker's been up Adama's ass since he transferred him from Pegasus.
"Yes, and we absolutely fucking hate insecurity."
Don't shoot me! Or don't shoot people who help us!
"File that under ""who gives a shit?"""
"We will fight you, English, the way you fight us."
They all die.
He killed my wife. He took away my fucking memory.
In a week you're gonna go completely mental.
I hate that shit.
"I'm sorry. Not hell, Mexico."
Get off me now!
"I'm telling you, you're paying to puke."
What are you getting so crazy?
Brought shame on the Citadel with his repugnant experiments.
Now get the fuck out of here and let me do my job.
What are they doing here? Son of a whore.
Shit. There's David's mom.
It seems I've spent most of me fucking life on a diet!
"We must attack them, Tyler!"
"Look, first of all, models ain't just walking around, handing out party passes to no too-short, no-ass kids like you."
"Shit, fellas,I can't afford a lawyer."
I just... I didn't know your hooker outfits cost so much.
I haven't slept for fucking weeks.
"Seriously, you guys, don't talk shit... about my baby."
"We'll die out, there will be no more nomes anywhere, and it will be because of you."
None of your bloody business.
"Nipples like udders, nipples like saucers."
"Oh, man. This one we burn."
"During these the Mahdi threw his arms and legs about like a buffoon or raised his eyes in rapture, repeating ""Lo!"
This man is a liar.
We were only fucking to say goodbye.
That damn American ninja.
Let me see your goddamn face! Now!
"You're dying, and there's not a damn thing I can do about it."
Liar. Will you ever tell me?
"""Christine, if you could somehow get her with a gun, if you killed her, you'd only wind up in prison."
"I know you think I'm ridiculous, but if you were a bit politer you'd hide it.”"
"That's ridiculous, lolé!"
That's a magic fucking squirrel.
What was that shit you just did?
Put down the weapons or eat brains.
"Hey, the garbage man saysthe elevator's out again."
"And if they kick like that, they're gonna be just like me."
"Proud that I am biologically incapable of adding to its vile, dirty ranks."
The butterfly effect can suck my nuts!
"That's not even, ""Damn!"""
And notjust in the head.
What the hell is this?
And they stay that way till one of them dies.
"Leave me a message, - and I'll call you back. - Shit!"
"Damn it! Close, right?"
"No, they may be pawns in this thing and not even fucking know it. - Come on."
"I've just seen your backsideand, believe me, it's not like George's."
"With 50 head of cattle on the property, we might as well be ringing a damn dinner bell."
"Yo, man, I know my ass is going to jail."
"Mr. Flynt, how can you, as a good Christian, defend this filth?"
"If it wouldn't be a waste of such a damn fine enlisted man, I'd recommend you for OCS, Private Gump."
You need to figure out your own feelings first and then tell him what that girl told you and you don't want him getting back with that crazy hussy.
"""And, of course,"" she added, ""the loser does get to buy the beer."
You're a mess.
What the hell do you want?
You wanna put down that fucking gun and walk away.
Your death threats continue to rise.
If we prove we can do this - that's a big fucking if - he's going to get us a regular supply.
"That giggling, dirty-minded creature I'd just seen... ...crawling on the floor...."
Then we'll blow up Gestapo Headquarters.
"""If you died, our master would have punished us."
You'll know soon enough... because the only way to kill an Anubis warrior is by taking off its head.
I don't give a shit.
"Oh, shit!"
You're more stoned than I am.
That's where I fucked up? Huh?
You're the only one with a fucking key.
"Maybe to muddy the waters up a little bit, maybe just because he was crazy."
I ain't never seen a hero with his ass in the air like that.
"'Fuck you it's mine,' Vic said."
"That's no problem, pal, 'cause, uh... I've got loads ofthe fucking stuff."
"If there was any more ass kissing, they'd be serving ChapStick with the champagne."
He'd light his mother on fire if it would help us win a game.
He's in stupid love with her.
"Fuckin train RIGHT HERE AND NOW!' His mouth yawned open in a great and alarming grin, showing a mouthful of broken yellow spears."
How stupid do ya think I am?
You know that this guy's got the balls to do what few others can.
"What are you doing, you pagan dog?"
"And then I fucking explode, you know?"
Did you have my approval when you fucked Lenore?
"Damn, Handjob."
"Hell, Christian! What's this?"
Really? 'cause you look like hell.
You deaf fuck!
It's like we picked up Bobby Brady's ass-reaming tiki idol...
Get your wounded man and get the fuck back to church.
"""Damn,"" said Arthur very quietly."
You've just been using me for your disgusting games.
Holy shit!
I'm going to chew him out for letting you take I risks.
And kill me.
Nasty Kathy.
"Did you know, wretched girl, that the Serbs are the oldest nation?"
But the good investigator never rules out the possibility that one's quarry is a fool.
"Who came up with this g–garbage, anyway?"""
They knew a Reverend Mother would kill herself before betraying that secret.
"Get the fuck off me, bruh!"
After I look like an asshole in front of Tony?
Hasn't she broken up with that loser yet?
"Okay, give me a gun."
Shut up! We're part of the story.
"Oh, yeah, it's so much cooler with my boobs out."
"Patricia, kill the lights."
Just some local urchins.
She knows she's dead meat if she doesn't.
We're gonna hit the building.
"Fuck! Oh, you wanted to show me your tea?"
"You know, you have a worse mouth than my kid."
"If the jobs were given to whoever is the best surgeon, I would get all three of those damn spots."
You know who collects the garbage?
"I mean, Treaster is an insufferable snob."
"PATRICK: Three, two, one. Execute!"
"Yeah, tomorrow is the day the vulture said we're all gonna die!"
"All that meant to me, woman is killing me!"
"Wait, are you only hosting dinner because you wanna suck up to Holt? Not cool."
Stop being ridiculous.
Hell come for me. He will.
"Now, please... will you pinch this shit off? ...Unless... ...Oh..."
"Stupid, but better."
The movie sucked. I didn't lie about that.
"Get the hell away from me, reg."
"Bought a house, had a baby, happy as a pig eating shit, and then he died."
"Where the life expectancy of the average witch is, what, 15 minutes."
The Grimpond's image was but a loathsome lie.
"""Send us on tour like circus freaks,"" Heineman grumbled."
Let the fuck go of me!
"Oh, man! I like this Clarence kid. This fuckin' guy's crazy."
"Well, he was indeed a beast."
"Neary on his butt, first time in 23 professional fights that Shea Neary has gone down."
"They want to overthrow the council and reinstate the old chief system... ...then reclaim the Americas, from Alaska... ...clear on down to Argentina, or some damn thing."
Is there any among you who will take this cursed woman?
I like dirty punk magic.
I feel like I'm eating a tire. Disgusting.
What do you think he's gonna do to you fools?
Syed Ali's only business is bankrolling terrorists.
You're going to have sex with my dad.
"As it is, I wouldn't dance with him for all of Derbyshire, let alone the miserable half."
Creepy guy who sat behind me in Civics reading Guns & Camouflage or whatever... eye-screwing me and smelling like old sponge.
That was just my loser of a father!
Wine guy and coffee bitch.
"So I don't wanna hear any ""I don't know"" bullshit, understand?"
You disgust me!
Fine. I'll read your crappy note.
I don't like this shit.
Anyone you see around this table but not another damn soul.
That's a crazy name for a crazy lawyer.
"Columbus was so long ago, he might as well have been a fucking movie."
"Yo, Mel. You pissed at me, baby?"
Shut it!
"Ted is Charlie Brown trying to kick the football and Karen's Lucy, who pulls it away at the last second and has sex with it."
"I'm not gonna protect a dirty cop, but you make sure you're right."
It disgusting.
The soup is fucking $10! Let's go outside.
"It's not about money,you ass."
"No need to be involved in the decision making process. No tree shaking behemoths, French transmissions. Just sweet bloody ignorance."
Jesse? Tell me something-- Cow bells ringin' in my fuckin' head!
"But I also watched car shit, too..."
"""Damn right I to right,"" I said peevishly."
Pour your own damn drink.
Thanks for getting all that crap out of here.
But you oWn the place. You're the big shot patissier.
He was ridiculous.
"Fellas, whatever bodily harm you wanna inflict on this guy... ...I'm sure he earned it."
"You've turned out a dunce at college, and worse than that, you've... I won't say what the other thing is."
Malicia looked down at two rats.
"You fuck, you got nothin'!"
These guys aren't concerned about him because they're FBl!
"We get back in the car and get the fuck out, that's what?"
'Illegal Immigrants Wanted'
Why is low-life scum always so agile?
The photo... ...the gun... ...the clown... ...the ambulance... ...it's all pending.
A waste of my fucking time.
I told him to go have intercourse with himself.
Being a monster would be putting your client on the stand and making her testify that her husband's death was his own damn fault.
"""If you really believed this partnership crap, you wouldn't have forced the first two marks on me."
If my abuelita saw this shit...
"The point is, we've got to get in there and whack it."
It's bottle time. Damn.
"You detectives and shit, right?"
Fuck it. I will take you with me.
Fucking strange.
"A person who sucks the heart out of people, who uses people, just like the serpent in Paradise."
"""I will cut your daughter's umbilical cord myself."""
"Now that I think about it, Jen, I'm pretty sure that the guy on the programme was black."
"Following that logic, Osama bin Laden is human... ...therefore all humans need to be wiped out of existence."
Unlike you losers.
"Nucky, my ass. When were you planning to tell me about the stroke?"
"If Ishould die before I wake,"
"Well, now I have to beat the shit out of Winton."
Where is this brain to come from?
"Bonjour, bitches!"
At least flush the damned toilet!
We're damned.
I know where the bastard sleeps ...
"Goblins fled by the dozen, most finding the line of Dagna and his charges eagerly waiting to kill them."
What the hell is with that billboard?
"If you want to earn a real living, get yourself a real instrument ldiot ."
You're a disgrace to this university and your family name.
"Cut it off, man."
"And then there's the LA porn parody, and the cat toys."
"You cold lousy fish."""
lutely crazy.
"Whoever they are, they know I killed Henry Pulis."
"I know, but there are the fucking charges."
Hey. What the fuck happened?
"Welcome back, my nigger."
I’ve been dealing with vermin like you for years.
"Forget your foolish gratitude-begotten infatuation, which your innocence has mistaken for love."
I'm sorry that I acted like such a jerk about you and Paul.
"If I wanted to see you act badly, I'd just watch your TV show, which, obviously, I can't now, because it's been cancelled. Oh, my God, you're such a prick."
"Yeah, well, I plan on winning this thing, and I will not lose again to a cold, black-hearted shark like you!"
"I'll probably got detention because of you, asshole."
You get the fuck out of my house!
He offered to hell her in exchange of some duty at the clinic.
Punch it. - I will not die tonight!
You killed all three of 'em for nothin'!
You're gonna lock me up and let those bikers do what they damn well please.
My son is a clown.
Could somebody clean this shit up before you leave?
All he did was keep talking in this very monotonous voice about some babe he was supposed to have had sexual intercourse with the summer before.
It's so fucking typical that I get sick now.
"Hey, if this is some fat hate crime..."
She says I raped her?
"Anyway, there's this new client who's offering a shit load of money for us to do this unorthodox procedure."
"Cardiac conditions are not contagious, dammit."
And then I paid a couple of Mexicans to run over him with their car.
Half of all soldiers are former thieves and criminals.
It's that incompetent girl at work.
I'll make that girl hate me.
"They had crazy orgies, like, all week."
I like my women like spoiled milk...
"Look, House is a freak!"
You've got balls.
And more people are gonna die.
"Death awaits,"
"Now, let's get the fuck out of here!"
Your mother... She is dead.
Kevin and I haven't had sex yet.
I just want your snot.
Do you know how annoying you are?
Then at least I could punch someone.
"What happens if somebody does something you can't hear, like pulls out a gun and puts it to my fucking eye?"
Get the hell out of here!
"""Shut up!"""
"Killed them, too, if you accepted Gammu evidence."
Pisses me off
Do you fucking hear me?
You're risking a lot to protect some feckless meteor freaks.
Moe will give you a fuckin' headache.
"Who the hell in eternity ""they""?"
"I think, he actually shoot himself."
"Yeah, these girls put their asses on the line for us."
"Yeah, I know why you wanna drag my ass up there, man."
"Go on. May I have the honor to invite you for lunch at ""Gigi the fucker""?"
You fucking said it.
I never heard that noise before. Are you sick ?
"He wanted desperately to die, but we couldn't help him die."
You take me always a fool.
Because it would have been idiotic of you to tell me truth.
I don't fucking know.
What held the youth half paralyzed was the abstracted bliss with which Louis came to kill him.
But you're a liar!
"200 fucking years, he's never going to be able to discover his wife's real nature."
"That's not the same sucker you got from James Bonds last year, is it?"
Are you shitting me?
"Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today. Whoa, whoa."
I want to talk about vaginas!
"He often fell into bad company, he reflected, although sometimes he had to look all day to find it, 'cos Brick was a loser's loser."
"""Shut up,"" said Ralph absently."
"Shit, man, I need the money now."
It's a rat.
It's your fucking fault!
The murdered woman had the smell of a demon on her.
Guts and insanity.
We both know who needs this shot.
Nanny Ogg sucked the end of her pencil.
"No, they're trapped like rats."
You'd be a fool not to pursue cardio at Stanford. Kinda like... general at the Brigham.
"They should have died before they allowed anyone to lay hands on the Steadholder, and they hadn't."
The devil was cast out of your body with a large explosion.
You liar! I'm Russian!
"Oh, our guards were brutes."
"Nick, we want you to stop killing people. So many people."
You got some fucking balls.
You're the only shot we got at saving those women.
"In the future, I tell you to do a thing you fucking do it. You got that?"
I don't know how to use any of this crap.
"Oh,because neither of us has ever seen you pick up a damn thing in this house."
I compelled a few blokes from the rugby team to keep her brother's life in jeopardy so that should the witch disobey he will die.
"Why don't you go back to your own genetic puddle and go for a swim, boy."
Bitch lives four blocks away.
"50 million homes heard him say ""fuck you"" to us."
"Has your mam got an inside toilet yet, you blue-collared beaut?"
And who better... than his girlfriend's loser ex-boyfriend... known criminal... and who has been seen hassling them in public?
"Cradling his head, legs open, holding him, rocking, swaying, the dumb sad animal keening filling the bare rectangle of the room."
Next up is Choi from Pyong-yang! Break a leg!
I'm just a fucked-upgirl who's looking for my own peace of mind.
You talkedas much shit as they did.
Because I don't see you before and I don't fucking like you already.
"Save a seat for me in the Dhampir section, you dork."
You followed him there... and shot him from behind a tree. That's enough.
"I'd be a fool not to, sir."
A lot of people think that white boy got a shot.
"They're really dull parties full of really dull people, so..."
"Nice car, but no fucking ejector seat."
See... I knew you'd take the piss.
Thought you liked it dirty
"If you hate life, truly hate the sun, and need to smoke and drink coffee, you are goth."
"So sick, teaching kids to hate like this."
"I shot Amar, the perjurer."
Where's the goddamn 1 MC?
Shoot!
"Hearthat Kursturica stopped filming in America? - Shit, really?"
Disgusting... another thing you're brilliant at.
I don't want to wear too much lipstick and look like one of those lipstick lesbians.
"Well, why don't you get your little butt home."
"I'm looking right at it, and it looks pretty goddamn filthy."
"LeBay had known that Arnie Cunningham was going to be the only person to shed a tear for him at his small-time grave­side ceremonies in one of Western Pennsylvania's lesser-­known boneyards, he might have knocked fifty bucks off the price of his shitty car."
Remember last time when you wanted me... to take a ride in your fanny.
"Hey, Mike, let's shoot some stick."
"I enjoy the things she says, they're beautiful and poetic and I love hearing them but I don't have to fucking hear any of it."
"Who do you want me to kill, and how much gold will you give me after hes dead?"
Her face was dead white.
"You, too, are a lonesome wolf."
"That's, uh... ..that's, uh... that's bullshit, man."
Two days and we'll burn up.
"Sure, I get the good parking spots, but who could love a man with one leg and a face like a hen's arse?"
"""She's already cried rape once on a fine, upstanding white boy."
Why you got to do that shit?
Just deny till he dies.
The lie is that he gives a crap how his wife feels.
Do not fucking speak to me in such tone!
"W ATERHOUSE: I have taken the liberty of conveying the essentials to Leibniz, which explains why he is writing so many of these damned letters."
"Great, so you threw my grandma into a home and now you don't give a fuck, ah?"
"It's my own damn machinery, and if I want to use it, I don't need to ask your permission."
She shut her mouth.
I need you to use that hot shot on me.
"She doesn't really care that I'm leaving, so why is she busting my balls?"
"Now what, pig?"
"Hardly had he finished this awful oath when, from the red-tiled roof of a distant homestead, a cock crew."
We'd hang aroundNfor a while and then... ...go have sex in Nick's car.
"I mean, it's not a fucking Porsche, but it'll do for now."
"I know that underneath your glamour you're as much a monster as my son, Grendel."
The kids are vicious.
"Resist me all you want, klaus, But until you bring me the cure, I will bring you nothing but misery."
"She won't give you shit, dog."
“Ridiculoso!” Father Caspar commented after hearing the incredible story of Dr. Byrd.
"Fucking relax, Tommy!"
"Dammit, he'd been certain the new medication had worked."
Searched the house Missing journalist ... while the mother was on the street like garbage ... waiting to be collected.
They are fake police
You idiot! what did you do?
Stop this stupid act.
That's fucking beautiful.
You've been locked up here for years with a regular damned Tower of Babel.
"""To cause the sentence of death to be executed on Blair Sullivan."""
"""If I am here to learn from you, and to teach you, then tricking you would be stupid."""
This woman is a problem for us.
"And to do that, he's got to be willing to die himself."
"Shit, you're weird."
What are you bastards doing?!
"You, a civilized man, a philosopher, crammed cheek by jowl with other human bodies and cattle into a wretched wattle-and-dauh hut."
"The girl screamed and, as Mary was reeling, kicked her in the groin, back and neck with metal-toed boots."
Ellen always wanted to be cremated... and to have her ashes scattered with those of her father.
"Your little buddy Vincent, and his fucking dog have been following us around all day."
I want to see you really hit.
"You just get down on your knees to my left here, slap your right hand here, your left hand here."
"'The reason why I picked a Birdshit, soldiers.'"
Lesbian necrophiliac.
"The night I gave birth to Caroline, the night I nearly died when I needed that blood transfusion, he was off having sex with someone else."
Not many blonde MILFs on the streets to choose from.
"And it has decided, that the deportees should sleep in the Nazi coaches. In clean sheets! The Nazis, the bourgeois, and the imperialists should sleep in the straw!"
"Damn it, he knew he was right!"
No! Damn it.
"Excuse me, brutish pirate."
You all kill that monster?
And we'll shoot it on the moon.
We have a teenage son that is a huge pain in the butt.
"You're a vulture... preying on people, feasting on their misery."
"Where is the triangle, damn it?"
"Even in winter, it really stank."
We were worried about your ass.
Knock him out later.
That ayahuasca really fucked me up.
How the hell did he get here?
"""Bit them and ripped them!"""
"Okay, so none of this shit is real ?"
And you're gonna burn them?
"I don't know if he believed me, but I played dumb."
The effects of your damned liberation theology.
You were ready to die for someone else recently.
You're all so boring.
Hermione just stole all of our shit.
"I told you, telekinetic rage monster."
But we've got Nazis in here.
I've told you the place is worthless.
"""The Navy will cremate me for free."""
I'm a pathetic freak. My life is ruined.
"I'm gonna get to those big tobacco companies, and I'm going to thank them... ...when they put you in the fucking ground."
Shooting you wouldn't be murder.
..of masturbator.
"You know, flags and shit."
"You're a kick-ass wire, Mercy."
He looks like a bandit
"It sucks you have to leave, Chuck."
He's like reverse Santa of garbage.
"Nice try, Queen of the Damned."
He chopped me with a butcher knife!
"Someday, soon, she'll die."
"The more you jump down my throat, the less I want to be here."
"I saw you with those guys, you're a pit bull."
For when I remember how much I hate her guts.
I'll pick you up-- My dad would kill me if he knew I was going to a frat house.
"All right, guys, here's what I'm thinking-- a whole festival of muddy boobs."
"I'm gonna teach each and everyone of you, to be like a captain fucking Ahab."
"FYl, I am friends with a hilarious fat girl and a crazy-eyed, divorced white lady who wants to be in the music business."
I won't leave you a damn thing
You? We're trying to track clown Johnny English
For one thing Bombur was immensely fat and heavy.
Drunk ass!
"You won't do no more killing, but you'll talk."
And I'm miserable.
"Good night, Manchester. Thanks for your bullshit."
It's not just hitting people on the head with dicks-- Sticks!
The traitor Pole escaped you.
"Child, you smell like death."
You’re rich and miserable.
You'll want to add Zachary Cain to your shit list.
I did not know that boy was corrupt.
Who's the wimp now?
"You sorry, you wouldn't cut me loose. We're fucking friends!"
Worthless clerk!
"I got a daughter,want me to live with a demon inside me!"
You're sitting on the condom.
"Then his buttocks strike the edge of the table, and the table pushes back against the wall, and then there is nowhere left to go."
This car sucks.
It looks like we're in a goddamn pit!
"No Cds hitting you in the head, no chicks doing little chick punching."
I'm done being a loser.
You're saying I'm gonna die.
I'm gonna need you to scream.
"If that wizard were Howl, he would've eaten it."
"If the heat shield comes off, he'il burn up."
And remember... ...Bud White will fuck you for thisif it takes the rest of his life.
"Shut your eyes, baby."
"I'm not fucked, it's the clutch."
"The inept puppeteer who had taken him over advanced Henry's arm in a series of jerks, then clamped his right hand on the Sparx can."
Fucking speed!
His dipshit buddy Wayne picks him up
I'm ready to start eliminating people out here.
I think I've turned into a real movie slut.
"Here, wipe your fucking face off."
"You know,we're going to get married... once he saves up enough money to get out of this... sh-shit-hole."
"They were entertained in these revenant towns, with sex and New Crobuzon cooking."
You and your husband set Nolan up to kill that kid so that my sister would take the fall.
Idiot! What d'you think?
"What the hell is your problem, old head?!"
Sorry gay dude
That might have been one of those retard mistakes.
"And that once he does, he'll destroy you all."
Who the fuck is Τoby? Like A Virgin's not about some sensitive girl who meets a nice fella.
Has anyone in here ever walked in on people having sex?
"Come here, Pussy!"
You really fucking scare me.
'You will sully his soul.'
Hit him again!
"You're the one who teaches lepers to hate themselves."""
"And that queer wooden thumping, like a fist on a door."
"If it were up to the doctor, you'd be flayed."
He was gonna expose your plans to invade Nicaragua with your fucking coke money.
Sully. what the fuck happened?
You just grab the head and cut.
I do not know a shit about you.
"This one is sicker than most , Vatutin thought wryly."
Because I was... I was bored and alone in bed and I... I jerked off a bit.
"""Shoot."""
I don't know what the fuck I'm doing.
"Regrettably, when you showed up, so did some real assholes."
"Shit! If there's pee on the policy, they'll think he's incontinental and flag it!"
"Goddamn, Joe."
"Hey, you runts !"
No balls.
"The man could squash my nuts into oblivion, and then... and then, you deliberately hurt my feelings."
There is no one here by that horrible name. Now go away.
So bloody English.
Flip your goddamn hair.
I told you he doesn't like sweet whites.
Answer the fucking question.
"Mama, I'm No, goddamn it, this is important and you need to hear it."
"Kiss her, fool."
She lives in a shitty hood right outside his nice Oakland suburb.
And get rid of this goddam car!
Siara wants to kill Lipski and take it all.
"Aw, damn it, you do what needs to be done."
"It is some dark crap, and there's nothing there for you."
He fucked me up.
I'd say it's a damn fine suspect.
Which we are intending to obliterate.
"Don't let her walk out with a bad attitude... 'cause if you do, you spend the next week... wondering if she's getting her fuck on with somebody else... you know what I'm saying?"
Where's the fat man?
"John Doe is this month's ""King of Defecation""."
What the hell is this smell?
This is a damn roust and everybody knows it.
The cops are gonna crush her on that gun.
"Chad, no son of mine will be involved with trash."
"And because your stupid ass couldn't just park in lot seven, Wilfred won."
"After a long carnivorous fuck, you talk about a marriage counselor?"
"You'll have to excuse me, the chef just tried to stab Jerry."
My mom warned me I was turning into a fag hag.
"No fucking, Ari. I just have to go to a party."
I'm wearing my fat pants.
"I spent like, every summer there, listening to my creepy great-grandmother bitch about Abraham Lincoln."
"You always worry about your sons. Well, don't any more - because they're damned!"
You are not as clever as you think you are.
Dr Nealon. Shit.
"And if it wasn't for my wife being a royal pain in the ass, and refusing to let it go, I would be dead a year now."
"Gentlemen, I have no intention of killing Hitler and killing Goebbels and killing Goring and killing Bormann, not to mention winning the war single-handedly for the Allies, only later to find myself standing before a Jewish tribunal."
"And it's not that I don't want to be a doctor, but like... fucking... sometimes I wonder if he's just encouraging me... because he knows it'll make me happy... or because he wants me to carry on his legacy, you know?"
Carol revised her earlier judgment of him as a buffoon.
It's one thing for my sister to believe this crap. She's 12.
That's disgusting. And this time I'll eat the entire castle.
"you get $100,000 for each one you kill"
I'm not some screwed up teenager.
"I'm asking the fucking questions, understand?"
"Here you go, copenhagen boy. How about a taste of hans christian hand grenade?"
"Dumb, eh?"
Just give him a goddamn beer!
"If I have to sit through that alone, I will rent a car, set it on fire, and drive it off a waterfall."
You have no fucking clue what you’re talking about!
"""Wake up, wake up, you dunderhead,"" he says."
I think theY're all dead!
What the hell did you do?
"Tastes better than Heinz ketchup, you fuck."
Kick-ass mom you got there.
His brains felt as though they'd been stirred with a stick.
"Every time I wash my face I think of you and that night at Seddon's, when you whacked me."
"I'm a lousy cook. The house looks like shit. I'm a lousy lay, I don't know why you wanna keep me."
I'm sure she'll find out before the morning papers. She's gonna kick my ass...
"OK, I put my hand on a bomb in a body."
I got two fuckers in pursuit.
"And by ""conflicting interests,"" I'm assuming you mean that Black Pike wants to rape our hollers and I want to save them?"
Sort this shit out or watch it next door.
"Oh, shit!"
Yeah. I killed alisha.
"Ah, thank God we don't have to hear about this awful man anymore."
You're gonna get your ass kicked.
"And the damn thing is, they hear all this stuff... about Las Vegas and the casinos and suitcases... and that's it."
Maybe you've got your hand on his collar when you shoot.
Her house stunk.
And clean those damn glasses!
"""That's silly,"" I said."
"You start cutting the shit up, it's worth 10 times that."
"And I ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, as the fella says."
The whores would go begging from Dorne to Casterly Rock.
"If you're trying to bleed him of vervain, don't you think it would be easier to hang him upside down?"
Blown me OUT. I dunno when I'm gonna pop the bloody question.
You have a wonderful son and amazing breasts.
"Yeah, I know... so give me the useless consolation prize."
"We're gonna have you pee on a stick, and we'll know in five minutes. No. No."
Breaking to a freaking convent?
Marshall's never been to the pacific northwest Because he's afraid of sasquatch. Damn.
"Yeah, yeah. We missed our drop zone by about 20 miles, ended up way over by Bumville or some damn place."
Huh? You think you can do this shit? Jake!
Where the FUCK are my car keys?
We must do something or he die.
"""We shall now discuss the way comedy stimulates our delight in the ridiculous... ...by using vulgar persons and taking pleasure from their defects."""
"SILAS: I love Ben Franklin, girl... ...and I could listen to you talk about his stinking ass all day long."
"She was unsettled by the discovery that a man could so affect her, and she felt uncomfortably girlish, even foolish."
It's a lot better than being some stepford bitch in paradise.
There's no way we could turn him in to IA if we're both fucking dead.
"You think they'd kill my son? No, no, Artie."
And I throw a kick-ass victory party.
Who told you to hit girls.
What the hell were you talking about?
"You are killin' this, girl!"
"How much money? Well, I don't really give a shit, but I guess it's good news."
Why the hell do you do that?
A fat guy who stuffed himself with cheeseburgers and chips all day.
Why in the hell didn't you arrest 'im?
All day I thought the guys in the helicopter... ...were local cops busting my balls over Lufthansa.
"I don't need this shit, lady."
I hate you !
That'll blast you right through the wall.
"Oh, bloody good job!"
"I didn't sucker punch you, seth."
"Of course, I know that a lot of guys would just stand back and allow someone they cared about to do something extremely foolish and damaging, only so that everyone concerned could then drive off to a miserable and emotionally fucked-up future in perfect, shiny cars."""
Oh damn.
"He tried the words out in his mind, and they sounded so ridiculous that he almost laughed aloud."
Nobody talks shit about you except me.
"Dead sexy, knickers and a bra."
"And this lucky bugger gets an injection by nightfall.. . and tomorrow, in the morning, you will examine him."
The fat man's eyes bulbed.
God knows whaT kind of sick operaTion he's running.
"So, why don't you act like you give a damn about your friend and tell me what really happened that night."
If your intention... ...was to shoot an arrow through my heart... ...bull's-eye!
"Besides, you probably made up half that crap anyway."
Nobody will screw me without being totally drunk.
"""Deety my love,"" said Zebbie, ""you are out of your mind."
Maybe that's why she's in disguise and says such silly things.
Cyclops in serious danger now as Witch Bitch pries at his exposed eyeball.
"Get up there, help Liesl with the pig... ...get your car and you're out of here."
This Tahime Sanders is a beast.
"Go to bed, and stop making a fool of yourself."
Sex-- Sex was really easy.
Where the fuck do I begin?
Why is Bethel back to being crazy?
They’d kill her over a measly 5 million?
I am once I find my fucking keys.
"I applied at this commercial realty company in Studio City, and this black guy, he was the office manager and he's fuckin' hella cool, you know?"
Take the others back and burn them.
All who believe in him are put to death and he raises not a finger.
"I swear, the best thing I ever did was save that little son of a bitch."
Do not be a fool.
You should have known after all the shit we did for you.
"Then you can write a long memo blasting me with why you didn't want to and what a goddamned ogre I am."""
So I suggest we go in here and get so monumentally fucked up we forget all about...
"If life was fair, I'd have gotten a new bike for my birthday instead of that stupid car."
Do you think I'm an idiot!?
"But most significantly of all, the year I went down to London was the year of the nine dead gay guys."
Why didn't you tell me about this foolishness?
Um... Thanks for letting me crash your funeral.
He is demential!
Where the hell did you find something like this in Beirut?
Why every time you speak I want to throw the fuck up?
"I figured he was gonna try to stop me, so I shot first."
"They didn' t really turn into pigs, did they??"
You gotta be fucking joking me.
Then what the hell are you being so nice to him for?
I just wish the fucking trains ran on time.”
I just don't like working in a damn day-care center.
Quit screwing around.
"You take a really good, good lighter, and you shave one testicle, and you light the other testicle on fire."
The whole family scandal was so ridiculous.
We convinced them that we'd finish her off.
You two with your American dreams and sluts- that's not gonna happen.
Drop the fucking gun!
You know why I don't want one of your stupid umbrellas?
Fat Yu has no balls.
"Maybe so ... but he had been hers, God damn it, hers."
"This blog is the story of two men and their frankly ridiculous adventures. - (GUESTS CHUCKLING) - Of murder, mystery and mayhem."
"Hey, we got a hit off that finger."
His fingers will need to be amputated.
"'Cause it smelled like misery, and I also found this on your bunk bed."
Don't let your personal shit cloud your judgment.
Shot in the back and dumped in a shallow grave.
I'll flush him out for you.
Most sperm heads disintegrate in about 20 days.
Okay You've had your show Now go to hell!
"One deep breath, and you're dead."
"""Shall I throw another bucket in his face, General?"""
"But as long as I win, who gives a shit?"
You are all animals!
Fucking with him. He tried things on me that he learned from them.
"He's a tech scammer-- internet fraud, identity creation."
This sucks!
"I was better off dealin' on the fuckin' corner, I swear to God, man."
"If I were you, I'd worry about how we shut this toxic shithole down."
The freaks with the hooves!
He had killed them all.
This is a gun in your back.
Hit you with a Vulcan nerve pinch.
You a killer too?
"Damn, we're good."
I see you doing your gold walls and your Turkish pillows... and your... all that garbage in hotels and embassies.
"We're fucking dead already, we're just still walking around."
"They're scavengers, little more than beasts."
It was foolish even to expect realism in a commercial.
"But if it turns out that this party's bullshit, what are you gonna do?"
"They're supposed to keep people out, not in, for fuck's sake."
"Oh, man. Damn it!"
They send this thug!
"If you didn't shoot him, who did?"
"is it any different, getting fucked for 3,000 or 300?"
"let her first be deflowered, so she then can be... devoured."
Now the last time she donned an outfit so damn libidinous was the day they whacked Benazir Bhutto.
Having you in my living room talking about sex... ...that makes me a little uncomfortable.
"It was my responsibility to the house. My duty, sir, to see to it that the boy did not make a foolish error in judgment."
Then get out of here with your damn ghost and leave me alone!
"Steve, don't be a dick."
Killed a vampire.
"""Be steady, nag,"" the horse doctor said calmly, ""be oh so steady."""
"The first time you have sex, you're so flipped out you're actually doing it... you can't tell whether you're enjoying it or not."
The only thing wet on that shit better be the syrup.
"Hi, Killer."
"I made a huge fool of myself, and I came back."
"I trust you know you are a dead man, Lord Eddard?"
"As we know from history, the answer to extremism can't be extremism. Fucking kill me."
He doesn't know a damn thing.
Do we fuck it or eat it?
"Dude, I know chicken fucking tikka masala, and thas not it."
I love watching her... shave her legs in the tub.
"Tim had a very bright future here, but for some reason, he's chosen to throw his lot in with the losers."
"Pete, why don't you go sit by the garbage and think about what you just said, okay?"
But I can't swallow my goddamn food.
"And so, I did. And I should've fucking told you. I'm sorry."
"No, don't you fucking touch her!"
They were about to put a bullet in his head when...
It's like... unlocking the part of the brain that lets you do crazy psychic shit.
I don't give a fuck what Anibal said.
"I'm talking to my kids, I'm thinking about you. I'm fucking my wife, I'm thinking about you."
"Shit, you should've seen him."
Raheem is crazy jealous.
"I just saw that board of specials, and I thought, you know what sucks?"
That's how you compliment a building And shit on a town with one sentence.
I'm hungry as shit.
"My husband will refuse said pass, slap his closeted face, and then when James wants to write about it... to expose the hypocritical lie that is their marriage... I will tell Sally that she can either fall in line or she can continue to run for office as an independent and read James' sordid account in the ""Times"" along with the rest of the world."
"Oh, come on, fucking- who works the Monday morning shift?"
I am a fool
"You go tell your master that, Theon Greyjoy, or whoever the fuck you are."
The dimwit left a partial on the knife.
Should I feel super slutty that I just come into town to visit and all I want to do is fool around?
You don't know shit about chop.
You still datingthe Abercrombie-wearing douchebag?
"I'm afraid you're gonna shrivel up and blow away, you little toothpick!"
"'And I'll show you a place you just won't believe, where we can fuck for a second or a century, as you will!'"
"It makes people vulnerable, distracted and utterly idiotic."
I was only kidding him. - Fuck.
"Do you really have something, or are you just fucking with me?"
My new mom says I've got a trashy mouth.
Chased that horse a damn mile.
"Well, if you punch me out..."
She ended up marrying some filthy- rich tycoon.
What the hell's going on?
"One more thing, I'm not here for a fairfucking fight."
Don't answer that shit honestly.
What the hell do you know about business?
What the hell! That's Mr. Herod's prisoner.
"Burned him, broke fingers, gouged an eye out. All kinds of fun."
Apparently he finds my beauty disgusting.
Will you stop playing the fucking video game?
Friends is a mental state.
Mister... you better tell me... where they took him... or you will burn.
To protect other people from becoming infected with hepatitis B:  Use a condom when you have oral or penetrative sex.
"I'm curious, Coward. Did you assist Blackwood in all the murders... or just the one I prevented?"
Holy crap! Did you see that?
He knew that Frank and Goldie were making porn.
Shut up. Nobody's talking to you.
"He was caught fighting this morning and, in the police station he claimed to be Wong Jing. you little scoundrel!"
Get me a grenade.
You ought to shoot craps with that luck!
I pulled a lesbian.
"Hurt him, he never comes back, forgives nothing."
"Well, I don't want the fucking power!"
You lie!'
"I like to come to the Zone because I like the tall, skinny chicks with their red panties."
You are bigger than a woman.
Give up your vanities or face the wrath of God.
"""I should be able to raise the corpse as a zombie."""
Would you shut up?
Would you please stop talking about your sexual organs.
And so what the hell does M expect me to do?
The kind one gets from years of running from people... ...not sitting on your ass in a truck for 18 hours a day.
"Get the fuck in there, Clarabell."
"You' re a little butterball, aren' t you??"
"Black Dynamite, we all heard about your tax troubles with the I.R.S., so all the whores and the orphans in this here Whorephanage got together to raise you some scratch."
"It's fuckin' freaky, right?"
Get off my daughter!
"Look, we all know that you're a drug addict because of your troubled personal life and your broken home, but guess what."
Have you ever had sex with a woman?
"""Don't let that lousy fish-eyed stare of his fool you for a moment, you hear!"
Every freaking' one of us... have shed our blood in this ring.
Hit him!
"Don't get me wrong, I can handle the girls, as lame as I think they are."
You almost saw this team kill you.
"""Why damn it, I'm just his nursemaid,"" Powell muttered."
"""Give you a hand."" Dumbass."
We used to be simple traitors.
"Afterwards,the Talibans took my brother and killed him."
"And they all stood around... drinking and blubbering... at these egregious, saccharine, fucking Italian ballads."
"Mazer's ship went on, dodged the shock wave, and wove his way among the other bugger ships."
It's a pile of junk.
"Everything I do, they trash."
Three tiny puncture marks on her throat.
"How many people you know die... ...with a beautiful, perfectset of choppers in their puss?"
"You will do the same, but tomorrow. I will kill you."
Looks like a whole damn circus.
"Yeah, but not like a bloody grandma."
Simple shit like we used to do for family meal.
You are the pride of Hades.
Where do you want this shit?
"Yeah, and you look like a real moron."
"The Earl of North Hollow's fat face was pasty white, his eyes shocked."
Arrest the rioters!
"This nigger Milton got a small cut, Prop Joe… this Jamaican cat who got the strip off Gay Street."
I am damn hungry.
You better not be fucking lying to me.
I can kill and not blink.
Whatthe hell are you talking about?
Your people live like animals! I hate spit!
Give me something to tie his leg off with.
"Lose the girls, Valentin."
This room's bullshit.
"Dining nook or breakfast nook or some such damn thing."""
"And, also, because she's been trying to get back into this house ever since she lost it, Lord, a big thank you for blinding the asshole that's doing my mother, so that he can't see what everybody knows. She doesn't really love him."
And I relish your madness.
Now killing each other ain't gonna solve anything.
Who gives a crap?
I didn't want you to die.
And I would believe you... if you hadn't tossed Darby aside like a piece of trash to hide what you did.
"Yeah, Sam, they don't know who they're fucking with."
Don't kill her.
There aren't enough people to fill a fucking canoe in here.
"They ate alligators, drank lead... ...pissed musket balls, gave the Confederates hell."
"Goddamn, this is my family!"
What's so fucking important that you had to speak to us tonight?
"Hey, stop fuckin' with that stereo!"
"Okay, let's get naked."
Get the hell out of there!
Where's the fuckin' Duke?
They're a bunch of immature kids.
"""Dam it, they've let him wander off."
I can't believe you fucked her.
Mom has been such a bitch ever since Eddie's parents got here.
"Silas is going to die today, and he will spend eternity on the other side as far away from Amara and peace as possible."
They just want to turn you into a brain box like my dad.
I'm gonna die.
What the hell are you doing?
"You get on the horn and you get my ass out of here, pronto."
"Well, if men are so disgusting, you'il be much better off with my sister."
"Lavelle said, ""Besides, in Haiti, the police would not want to interfere if the Bocor's targets were such worthless filth as the Carramazza family."
One more hour in this town I'll kill somebody.
You know I can get my butt kicked for this.
"I know, I wrote a lot today but Still, don't kill yourself."
You don't know crap.
"Oh, that's complete bullshit."
Or kill her?
These mistakes are unavoidable in war. - Bullshit!
Where will I find this witch?
"Christian, you're so confusing."
"Hey, asshole, watch where you’re goin’!"
Rachel's all fat and sassy.
So who fuckin' blew you in the parking lot before you came in?
You can spend the entire time calling me every dirty name in the book.
Why don't you hop up on my dick and see if that fires your monitor?
"No, we can't leave him here! Shut up."
J.T. Waring is a Los Angeles mobster.
I strongly suggest that you just get on a plane and never come back.
Or its 22nd? - Shut up.
"Yo, man, this ain't no damn math quiz."
Last night she asked me to shag her.
"The general public's hatred, our loathing, our fear of homosexuals, and how that climate of hatred and fear translated into the firing of this particular homosexual, my client, Andrew Beckett."
like holy-shit famous.
"Yeah, you clowns."
You brought weed on the fucking airplane?
She's a wreck.
You... goons!
"I know you think taking care of this Cerino character is mildly entertaining, but you have to understand that he is apparently one nasty man."
"The Army may not care much about art, but they sure as shit care about gold."
"You fixed it, I fucked it up."
There's just you and your ego... and the lies you tell to get whatever the fuck you want.
Do you think it stinks?
"Goddamn you, Cybil, stop this car!"
"Look, Forman, we're happy to sit here... and drink these tiny allegedly alcoholic drinks... but we don't wanna hear you bitch about Donna all night."
"“My main goal in life may be to keep the mower off my ass, but I always figured you different.”"
"Hang yourself or don't hang yourself, You will regret both."
Hush your mouth.
"Fuck. The victim was what, Tomorrow's Family?"
Who you want me to kill - It's Ethan.
I've come all this way to collect your head in a box!
"“What did they mean, damned?”"
"Shells, shells, where's the damn shells?!"
"""You shut up."""
"And you ain't bragging and shit, man, you just telling me how it is being on the side of the moon that you see from."
But I think she was trying to kill me.
"Don't be a smart ass! Woman thinks I'll throw away six months' worth of dues just to get rid of her, she's out of her mind."
"People wanking on about adoring each other, it's nauseating."
"Look at what mankind has built itself, its big glittery ball of nonsenses, towers and offices full of people working all hours for other people that neither notice them nor give a shit."
Friar.
"Ah, it's just a death rattle. He's gonzo."
"You're not by-the-book, captain. You wrote the damn thing."
That's what this shit is about.
How can you be so damn calm?
Are you saying this is a list of everyone you ever had sex with?
We gotta get these fuckers when they're alone.
"Ha! a coward wind that strikes stark naked men, but will not stand to receive a single blow."
"I don't fucking know, Mike."
I should never have left my wife and kids for that tramp I married.
I'm one of the great all-time bullshitters.
"Since when are two air bags for breasts real, Joanne?"
"Deposits here, if we fucking let you make 'em, are backed by this lady's gold mine."
Damned punks... ...what do you need Jenova's head for?
"Negroes were working in the hot afternoon, stoking the ferry furnaces that burned red and made our tires smell."
"What does ""shit"" mean?"
"They can be immature and thoughtless and often, downright cruel."
"Oh, shut up."
If you want to talk to delailah you should get your head examined.
"""Death shall come on swift wings to him who disturbs the peace of the king."""
I'm gonna kill you. I hope whatever they're giving you is worth it.
Because we should do a movie together where we're on a road trip just being sluts.
"I'm gonna take that as a compliment, motherfucker."
You fuckin' said that?
"Shit, we're wasting time."
"If you gonna fight, then damnit, fight!"
"Andor is a sleepy, not very bright Estonian Jew."
I thought you were just an ordinary pig.
The pontificating fool was their major weakness.
My dad's got a lot of junk.
"All right, fucking Big Daddy Frank."
"I know. I know. I'm a big pain in the ass, but the fact is as your sales go, so goes the whole team's."
He had a way of making even the smallest movement sexual and vaguely obscene.
We've got to capture the nation's ear Spread the word 'cross the hemisphere But there are only four people here And one of us is lame!
"You're not gonna play, brain."
I don't want anybody sneaking around and stealing shit.
"Actually, I’m kinda hoping you have an evil twin."
What about the rest of the pigs?
"""That,"" Hanse said, ""is a rotten dumb answer."
"Hey, get your hands off me,you fascist!"
I just... ...killed it by being what I hate:
"So they continued the commission with you, and then you began to work the rest out for yourself, and stupidly decided, in your arrogance, to self-righteously paint the indictment within the very commission they had paid you for, and for what end?"
Maybe you're not as big of a loser as I thought.
"I sound as stupid as a schoolboy, but... ...you're everything I care for... ...and by the sweet breath of Aphrodite... ...I'm so jealous of losing you to this world you want."
"The sallow cheeks paled again, and the thick lips fell open, disclosing the repulsively rotten fangs of the degenerate Joe Slater."
He's a drug dealer!
"You can take your Vietnam and shove it up your ass, you hear?"
I could help you make your clothes and when Fillitti gets here... I could convince him to shoot your stuff.
"There's the degree. Assuming you could find out when these guys are flying... which I doubt, because it's your dumb-ass idea... Gail!"
He's gone completely nuts.
So just have sex with a guy.
You've been tasked with helping kill two men.
I'm going to shoot the net over the tree.
You think I want to be here chipping wood for shit pay?
People always do that shit.
"If you try to escape, you'll be shot."
Till you fart.
Get off me! Come on.
"# 'Cause when you rule, you fucking school #"
A loser on the toilet.
"They're crazy. It's like everything everywhere is going crazy, so we don't go out anymore."
"It's my first night, for fuck's sake."
"Kenny sucked, and he stroked."
"Them boys on the grassy knoll, they were dead within three hours. Buried in the damn desert."
"Roast him, Winnie."
"Gregor, you're as crazy as she is! -"
Bare-ass naked with his socks still on?
They look fuckin' ready to me.
Guilty is that witch... who has seduced a monk... and has practiced her diabolical ritual within this hallowed place.
That's some of the best shit I've ever heard.
"You could have known my next whereabouts if you had talked to me in Yankton, where I sat outside your office for half a fuckin' day."
"Yeah, you've got a rep. I heard you're the biggest fool around."
The only one who knows that is dead as a donut hole.
Jim took a bullet.
"That dog Brian, he kills me."
"Damn it, no, it doesn't feel right."
I don't give a fuck about Kaizers Orchestra.
Uhm... You're a scum if you can't win in war.
I didn't realize that bitch of a computer... had defense systems outside the Hive.
No goddamn way!
What an arsehole they made of him?
"You better make it, because if you don 't, dead girl!"
Can you turn this shit off?
"All right, well, aren't you happy that you didn't have sex with him?"
"I don't know who the fuck you are, but I've had enough!"
That putrid stink of crime.
"If anyone messes with me, I'll open a can of Chinese whoop-ass on them."
"Mucho vino aveck zei, grassy ass.'"
I'll show you bad-ass!
And it's as though I didn't want him to die.
"You're out of your league, pussy boy."
We'll hang Bert Cates to a sour apple tree our god is marching on
"Count it, go broke... ...eat it, go hungry... ...seek it and go mad."
You're a Judas!
"If it's unsuccessful, Orner may die."
You think I allow you to talk shit at my pal?
No. Shut up.
It would actually be adorable if it weren't so sick.
"I'm gonna take your boy Samir downtown, strap his ass to a polygraph machine, and I'm gonna ask him questions about you."
"Besides, I can only mate with a species capable of copulation... like you."
I found your stupid little bug.
"Shit, he had the whole motherfucking thing planned."
You're getting the fish and the fish is gonna suck!
"I thought they were going to kill me, yeah, but I could shoot for the most part."
I would start by laying off the fucking pizza.
"Doctor, you came into this meeting knowing that you had nothing, but instead of just saying that like a man, you thought that you'd dazzle us with a lot of fancy talk and think that we were too dumb to notice."
"And, Buzz, technically it's Frankenstein's monster, if you want to be a dick about it."
None of my fuckin' business.
"Holy shit, that's-- She was in Kings of Comedy."
We jeopardized our whole operation to save your ass!
"Poppy goes and gets his gun. And I was like, 'Fuck this. I don't want no part of this,' and I went outside."
"The words half-lost, useless, she raised the back of her wrist to her damp forehead."
"“Gally, shut your bloody hole—there’s a Griever right out the window."
"Oh, let's talk about drinking a gallon of black mexicans Before driving around in a car with your infant daughter!"
"What nonsense, thought Fletcher; surely he doesn't think he can fool me as easily as that!"
"It's like in the movies and shit, the bad guy is always one step ahead, right?"
They’il go from house to house in their little suits like beggars.
I will come to you... I will cuff you and I will take you out.
"Okay, I don't think you two husky-voiced women should comment on anything."
"The beast saw him coming and looked at him through stupid, lustreless eyes."
"Okay, literally, the only thing hotter than leonardo dicaprio is, like, a retarded leonardo dicaprio wearing a fucking sexy diaper."
Damn! they are similar.
"Bye, butcher."
Loser no more.
I thought you were a dullard.
I felt a little less pathetic now that the promises had been broken on both sides.
It must have been one of the guys fucking around.
"No, you're bullshit!"
"""I don't give a shit!"" she snapped."
Why? Because he's a Jew.
"How does a pompous, cocky jackass like you always have women all over him?"
I want to show everybody the suckit.
"They go to the match, they march us along, they slam us against walls, they treat us like scum."
"He was no longer the satyr but a very good-natured and foolish Swiss cousin, the Gustave Trapp I have mentioned more than once, who used to counteract his ""sprees"" (he drank beer with milk, the good swine) by feats of weight-lifting—tottering and grunting on a lake beach with his otherwise very complete bathing suit jauntily stripped from one shoulder."
We're gonna pull it off the way we always do- right under their noses with a goddamn smile.
Demons are usually toadies to those above them.
"You know, without your mother, the sewer's a dank and dismal place."
"They kill me, the monsters in the land and the sky."
And shit! Ugh !
"Oh,you know,same old,same old... prosecuting your mother for murder."
Like actually...Go to Hell?
But I'm the most fucked up of all.
"You know what? Fuck it. £ 10 and a kebab, yeah?"
He was going to fuck my power out of me.
"The building is too short. He'd wanna kill himself, not cripple himself."
Yeah. I didn't know she was gonna... shank a guy.
Shit! Give me 10 minutes?
Me with a white bitch?
'cause I'm not going back to Far Rockaway because you two fucked up.
MAN: Throw him in his cell. All of the books you have written... ...will be gathered up and burned in St. Peter's Square.
"Paul, this looks fuckin' sketchy, man."
"Fire his foot rockets, now!"
"Especially after Mother gives you a shitty reference,"
"Duncan's got another whole damn army waiting for you beneath the mountain!"""
"Read my lips, asshole."
"He's a lawyer, and he's got an office down in the CBD, and he's got a big old fucking mansion in the Garden District, all right?"
"There's damned little spice left in the burned crust, and it's ours."""
"He was lying on the straw like a new Christ, mizzling against his mother's breast."
I could burn a priest's ears confessing the half of it.
Every fucking one was at it.
I am not your damn mother.
"The last black butler opens the last door to the outside, and escape."
"I don't know what the hell they are, but people they ain't."
I think our little friend has Malawi bloat. - What the hell is that?
Four fucking times?
"Emergency brake, punch it!"
Are you trying to repel all the pussy in school?
"""I hope the little fool didn't try to go out in this storm!"""
"Oh, fuck."
"You need a bumper sticker that reads, ""My other car is a puckered rectum."""
"My god, do we really suck... or is this guy really that good?"
My mother have penis.
What the hell did you do now?
"That Indian saved Jack McCall's life, - I'll tell you that fucking much."
Because I wanted to know why someone would work so hard to make someone fall in love with them... and they really don't give a fuck.
"No, my mom is just roaming the streets of God knows where having sex with JFK."
"Yes, except he's not fat, he looks fucking hard."
Cause you think I'm stupid?
Mrs. Wifflepoofer lovesto talk to Mrs. Hildendorfer of the fatal natal day she had her silly Willy
I've just had one of the most disgusting lunches I've ever had.
Direct hits to the lung and kidney would have killed him almost instantly.
You look healthy as a goat.
Put the goddamn gun down.
"'Backward through time,' Kassad repeated stupidly."
"Okay, jsut wait a minute Patty Hurst, is that not the same black smoke that took you from this shithole in the first place?"
And it's fucking eating you up inside because you know I didn't pull my love away!
Jeffrey's fucked.
Shit. - Where have you been?
"Well, your wildcat smacked me in the head with a fire extinguisher and locked herself in some room."
Good luck. - Luck's for suckers.
"I don’t wanna hear no fuckin’ excuses, Louis..."
"Steve, I don't grow this shit."
"Look, if it comes down to it, I'm willing to fight before I'll quit my claim... but, damn it, LaHood's offer's fair."
"(Sighs) Fine, shoot it with the stuffed cats."
He's a damn klepto.
"I can't go with a girlfriend like you, so goodbye."
"Turning to the less stupid portion of our broadcast, fuel prices hit an all-time high today due to the ongoing dark matter shortage:"
"You have a problem with Muslims, Mr. Palmer?"
You want me to come down there so you can kill me?
"""Or prepare to die where we stand."""
"Yeah, ""Hey, Mike, if you give me another chance, I promise not to screw your brother or commit a felony."""
Fine then. Turn him into a bear.
Why don't you just piss off?
Hit him from behind with a stool that stood on the landing.
Do you want to get my head chopped off?
"Did you catch that picture of you in the news last week, Dick?"
Soon Wilma will see him for the pathetic primitive he really is .
"Your god is a gag gift, did you know that?"
Get off my brother!
"And if you can't make it, if you know you're gonna send Simon Stein in your place... then pick up the goddamn phone."
"OK, we have to cut him open before the whole hospital - gets down here."
"We called them, they didn’t know what the fuck we were talking about."
Stuff will rot your teeth.
Fucking kidding?
"Damn, he looks good."
He's a witch!
"You had to see things, and then you had to punch me!"
Your mom calls me toxic all the time.
You wanna fuck with me?
I gotta... take a fucking shower.
"I know I sound like a lunatic, but it's true."
"About time, asshole."
I don't owe you a damn thing.
"If I told them once, I told them a thousand times not to go whoring."
"I mean, imagine Doctor, you're standing there, you're talking to your mom and some pathetic little cemetery employee barges in."
Damn it. You scared me.
And I guess her first shot was to cut me off.
Ghetto white's the new brown.
"That year she got behind Ruben Studdard on Idol, we had so much sex it was crazy."
Sorry goddamn don't get it.
"""Move your fucking boat!"" McCafferty shouted into the microphone."
"This puppet is my livelihood, and he's heavily insured."
Now put the fucking gun...
"Yes, ignorant! But who's to blame for that?"
Yeah. Fucking sure.
Wipe out all the Universe and let the Spacers colonize it.
"I should be fishing, but I'm hauling my ass across town... trying to save you two from a little dog."
Finally regretting that choice not to attend clown college?
At the same time Draffut sank his enormous fangs into god-flesh at the base of the thick armored neck.
What the fuck they're loadin'?
"If you don't kill yourself, she'il be the wife of a criminal!"
"Besides, when I've had Anya too, you girls can finally discuss sex."
"If they're as dumb as you are, it'll take me months."
Luchessi's a stooge.
"So Puck meant not only are we fools in the pejorative sense,"
"In their world there is one God alone; not only must he conquer over all Gods, he must make it as if there were no other Gods, had never been any Gods but only false idols, the work of their Devil."
Pete's with me and learn to cook and go out on the beach every damn evenin watchin for crabs.
It's the damnedest thing.
But this is the last moment we could suck up before you become deputy commish.
"Jackie, you're having the party of the year here. Damn!"
"The others gathered around, all of them still with their jackets on because it was so cold in the store, even living in the big woods with trees all around him, Old Man Gosselin wouldn't throw an extra log in the stove, what a fuckin pisser."
"Just tell me what the fuck you want, boy."
17-year-olds nowadays are crazy.
"I give you money, and this shit ain't handled?"
"I need at least three of the biggest, most beautiful cocks you have."
"Cartman, what the hell is all this?"
What the hell is wrong with you?
"All right, so we won't bring these giants down with one arrow, but I'll guarantee you that when they've got five or six spears through those holes in their heads, they won't be asking any more of their stupid questions about citadels!"" . . ."
"""When a man just four years shy of forty asks his fourteen-year-old daughter to take off her underpants so he can see how much hair she has grown on her pussy, can you say that man has a side?"""
You don't like women.
"Julie, you're mixing me up with somebody who gives a fuck."
I want to vomit at home.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
But You Look Like An Ass Tray.
"Over the years, none of you ever got drunk and stupid?"
"Okay, shut up before I change my mind. Okay?"
The only thing I find more disgusting than pee is bananas!
"Stephanie, man. She really knows her shit."
"Hey, why are you bringing in the apples? To eat, you overgrown idiot."
"""Once I get this goddamned chain off, we can work on the lock,"" said Mac comfortingly."
"Hey, I'm on your shitlist too, and I'm the team leader."
Get off me.
He said to bring you guys back here. - Shit.
"Cosmo, what the hell are you wearing?"
"If you were my kid, I'd mail you back to the stork."
"You know, the only reason why that guy's beating you is 'cause he's given up sex."
"Well, I'm going to use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom."
It was a black S.U.V.
You'Il do life for killing the little girl.
The clown from hell. You're Jimmy Stewart and I'm Clarence.
Sometimes it's just more fun to knock somebody out and toss them in a van.
"The lead plane, the enola gay, Carried the uranium bomb little boy."
McGann's out of his mind.
It is the most fecund sperm.
"""Say, why'd your bloodsucker kill that James, anyway?"" he asked suddenly."
"Goddamn waste of time, if you ask me."
"If I could just take a quick whore's bath in your kitchen sink, then I will skedaddle."
That makes you a winner; I am a loser.
"You don't want that anymore though, dog. - Me and Snooki hooked up in Jersey. We were drunk one night in L.A. and we sorta had sex."
A goddamn cemetery?
"Yeah, it was until we got into that phone that you guys picked up in that shithole."
"In my view, he is just a poor and dishevelled scholar"
"Man, you know, a fucked-up nigga would do some wild shit to you right now."
I do not like women who give me orders.
You two are going to freeze your butts off out here.
Rosy where are you? Whore!
"And, fool that I was, when they misjudged me, I indulged them on that account more than myself, being habitually hard on myself, and often even taking revenge on myself for the indulgence."
"Don't you think that life should be gay and bright and bubbly, like champagne?"
"ANDY: Dude, we would bang her so hard."
I'm gonna blow you a kiss.
"""All of that romantic horseshit . . . you know, it's true."
"Got to be... every time I bought some weed, I was buying for four or five different fuckin' people."
Just your brain.
"Yeah. I bet your mom's an old coot too, huh?"
(Chuckles) That is such a crappy hotel.
"Shit, maybe I should stand away."
My mom kind of sucked.
"If you walk out that door, you'il find it slammed in your face!"
But move the damn car!
"Did you move that umbrella stand? Oh, shit!"
How do you watch that shit?
How could she take your order when you're too neurotic to talk to her?
"Bovver, what the fuck did you do?"
Is horrible and is ugly... ...and is what I most want.
Whose stupid idea was this?
I gave you the damn thing.
"Goodbye, sewer kid!"
"4 years, damn!"
All cops burn out...
"So... so when you say, um killer, you mean... He's a murderer."
I figured I could be another brother waving for help from a rooftop... or take my ass back to New York.
I'm not like these losers
"I'm probably gonna hit them hard right out of the gate, A.C."
I know you'll kill them.
"If I disappear, if the baby disappears... ...nobody knows. It's fucking Rosemary's Baby."
I told you how dangerous that man was That was stupid
I'm trying to get fucking laid.
I broke that fucking foot.
"What are you looking at, clown?"
"""CharlieHarperSucks. Com."""
"We'll get to Mexico, and it's gonna be sweet rosemary... and 100 proof liquor... and rice and beans, and none of this shit's gonna matter."
You crazy for coming down here.
The nigger reneged and tried to rob me.
"For that kind of money, they expect millions of women. to want intercourse with him."
He's Glissinda the Troll.
It doesn't agree with his pet theories so it's ridiculous.
You think you can waltz out of hell into my city and sell some stolen baby?
Take your stupid music with you!
"Geez, I'd better be a little more careful. I don't want to hit on anybody I already had sex with."
She's a liar!
"He is managed by the rogue soldier Colonel Crookshanks, who has transformed this cannibalistic ghoul into a one-man army."
"""I don't like fucking surprises,"" he says."
Some nutcase?
50 fucking thousand people were killed on the highway last
Get the fuck out of my mansion.
Torture them.
"I'm gonna give you one more chance to sit down and let some strange man rub his junk all over you, or you can forget about that promotion."
What the hell is he doing back there?
I'll design your whole body out of metal...
Oh God Dammit!
Mm. That is damn good beer.
"I do it on a Tempur-Pedic bed, in a Highland Park home... with a Ferrari, next to a loving wife... with the ass of a high-school volleyballer."
I think you're out of your mind.
"Did you abduct, rape, and murder Joanna Andrews with accomplice, Mike Holland?"
I can say whatever the fuck I want... and you won't remember.
"I bet you gave her Emilie's ring. You're a dog, that's why you get laid."
Take your shit off.
And he'll aim for the eyes to catch a blink in which to slash you.
That's better. Hit him below the belt.
"It's for your help. Dick. This guy, he's— someone you might remember seeing in here."
You need to sterilize everything.
"If somebody tries too hard, he's dog meat."
"Hey, who the hell are you?"
"""Isn't he shameless, Miriam?"""
"Forest Hills, played the Prince of Wales. What a sissy!"
"""How are Travis and Katie?"" They're awful."
"You're a scum, aren't you?"
"If I'm immature, you're prenatal."
"They're smarter thanyou are, and Kearney, this Irish sphinx."
"Got a dog named Napoleon, he chews my boner-part"
"You know, I always thought that you'd have a great big fucking gold ring in your nose."
Or Were You Planning On Killing Me All Along?
"I pull out, somebody else steps in and whips this chump, then where does that leave me?"
"By the time March came, I'd be dreamin of gettin the hatchet me n the hunky used to chop up kindling for the kitchen stove (until he died, that is; after that I had the job all to myself, lucky me) and hittin that loudmouth bitch a good lick with it right between the eyes."
"It's a fucking stately home, of course there'll be something there."
"We've got the best country in the history of the world, and those who don't want to join us in the democratic melting pot can shoot, bomb, gas, nuke, and martyr each other until they're all in Paradise."
It will kill me. But not... not next week or anything.
A red-hot simpleton with no self-respect?
I thought the synagogue stink left town with the Communists.
It's the middle of the fucking desert.
"Eh? Oh, you must be a royal mouse."
Don't fuck us anywhere.
I thought that was just local tall-tale crap.
"Well, he picked the right day to pull this shit."
"I still think you showed poor judgement in this affair, but you're not the scoundrel I took you for."
I picture cracking her lovely skull... unspooling her brains... trying to get answers.
"We're dark lord minions now, wuss."
I could've nailed them all You ruined it!
"The other children also are going to call to their breasts, but they are going to lie."
We're going to cut you out of here.
"What the fuck, Stu?"
Three... I abused 3 women.
The Mad King...
"Holy crap, you'd make an amazing Seacrest. Very kind."
"If we get hurt or die here, it's your fucking fault! You understand?"
They were goingto kill us!
We massacred all Indians who resisted. And with the local water putrid... ...we drank the strong wine.
You're an old drunk zero?
I'm absolutely hideous.
You wanna be a thug?
What the fuck's up with you?
Guns and shooting and kicking ass.
Burn the house.
They're all dumber than a box of rocks.
One are just bile pigments.
I have sex with men... but unlike nearly every other man of whom this is true... I bring the guy I'm screwing to the White House.
"If I die under a skirt, I can still flirt as a ghost."
"Except, when our 1 7-year-old daughter comes home pregnant, who's the one who's so depressed she can't come out from under the afghan on the goddamn couch?"
"Writing to Ricky had been a stupid thing to do, yet he was walking away unscathed."
They actually hate your guts and rue the day that your father ever failed to pull out in time.
Roger's dna matches the semen found at both crime scenes.
People are uneducated
Yeah. I got a big goddamn problem with the news.
"If you hit the kill switch, we can talk."
What the hell took you so long?
Now American security's so goddamned tight over the water... ...and in the sky... ...that the rats eat my money before I can get it to Cuba.
He sucks up 3 to 4 grams a pass.
That his father is a criminal.
Did it ever occur to you that this man is a psychopath who may be faking his own Changnesia?
He didn't do a fuckingthing.
"It's gonna be hard enough getting your ass over the wall, let alone hers."
"Dough, peace and sex!"
Not only was His Presence terrifying - I had to keep a close grip on myself - but also He stank!
Please. You did whatever you wanted and most of the time it was either sucky or mean.
He sells the best shit anywhere
"And for reasons which medical science will probably never be able to explain, her fantasy is to have sex with me."
Not in front of the fucking kid.
He's gonna die like that.
"Where's the rest of your group, O'Brian? Go to hell!"
Even though it was my slutty alter ego that said a bad word in school... ... it was my ass that got in trouble... ... which was a place my ass had never been before.
Vacher tended to kill teenagers.
I'm not going to let you fuck that up.
She is a Borat.
"Oh, God, they did things you can't imagine. You son-of-a-bitch!"
Motherfucker. Where is he?
"I accept your apology, and in return, I apologize if I admired your breasts inappropriately."
"""No?"" Connor yelled again, and he slapped her across the face."
"I was way too young, and I could tell that you were going to be a loser."
"""They've killed your companions, and they're trying to kill you,"" she snapped."
The entire world sucks because some dead ditz made a wish?
You're saying that Mr. Blonde... was gonna kill you... and then when we got back he was gonna kill us... take the diamonds and scram.
Fuck. We should get the fuck out of here.
Arranging for your father to drown in his own bathtub... ...required more modern science.
"They'il be saying, ""How did they put his face back together... ...after he went throughthe goddamn windshield?"""
"""Darling Valentine, I am not sure if you should have a kiss ""for your amber enchantress eyes or a whipping."
"Taller would be tougher once they're cut, but, if they tell a lie, they'll shoot right back up."
Uh-huh. -And she should kiss me.
"""I've been a fool,"" he said presently, wishing he could find better words."
"She was rather a dumpy woman, short and overweight."
Now don't you think that I want to meet somebody and get married and get the hell out of the rat race?
And me... this shit won't be here when I get back.
And you're a liar.
He treats me like a fucking secretary!
"You know, I would have Thrown you boys in the recycling bin,"
Don't you bloody dare.
I exorcise you in the name of Christ.
Get the fuck out of here!
"Margaret and Mildred, both hags by then, had torn bedsheets into strips."
This game tells filthy lies.
I have infected you with the Cullen virus.
"Um, who's that kid beating the crap out of Stosh?"
"Mr. Bialystock, I wasn't condemn-- -Shut up!"
No one's done a damn thing. Now this town's living in fear waiting for the next plague to come.
"It's filled with powdered lead, you just... one blow to the side of the head, he'll go down like a ton of fertilizer."
"you son of a bitch you're a big guy, huh?"
Leave your brains all over the wall.
When the hell are we going to sit at the table... and have dinner like a family?
They're gonna want you neutralized.
You're like a born-again Christian except you're a Jew.
They're losers.
Why does he keep slapping her rear?
"He kept seeing the bull's stupid grin, kept hearing it say Ooops, like some wiseass character in a Warner Bros cartoon."
"""No, no, not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin"" said the little pig."
He's too skinny. It'd be like punching Sarah Jessica Parker.
"""Or--oh, damn."""
"But before that, the supes had been killing people, making it look all natural, and we've been none the fucking wiser."
"These women are hypocrites. They claim to spearhead our defense against a supernatural presence, then cover up the violent attacks committed by their own children."
Open your personal trash folder
"Just like Jimmy, stubborn as a mule."
Shut up.
Trouble with the crotch.
"You know, for a few hours there I was actually starting to think that you weren’t a son of a bitch and you just, God, fooled me again."
You're freaking me cut.
"You know at this point, if.. we don't fucking arrest him, then we aren't doing our jobs."
He Was going to kill him after he fed him cake.
Would you say you're completely full of shit or just 50%?
His prick or my bike?
"Adam, piss off."
"If I knew business schools had girls like that, I would have went there, majored in accounting, and taxed that ass!"
Why the hell are you following me?
"You're just a nobody, nothing, punk-ass kid."
We're fucking around and this is my girlfriend.
"""I must shoot straighter than my enemy, who is trying to kill me."
"You cut her loose first, bring the van in here and we load the shit"
"Not yet, unless you're interested in meeting a 300-pound transvestite."
Hi. It's about damn time.
"""You are as bad as zat Tonks,"" said Fleur to Ron, when she had finished kissing Bill in thanks."
"And if the rest of us happen to fit along, - then that is a fucking bonus."
"We'll get you to the hospital Shit, no!"
The troll pursed his lips as he organized his thoughts.
I want that junk cleared.
Exotic girls - Fire-eaters
That's the danger; it's so big and powerful that it is likely to hurt people through clumsiness and stupidity.
"Don't worry about it, dog. I'll get the rent."
"A Master of the Deck cannot be left ignorant, Nightchill."
Magic stinks.
If you think you can hold the North with this-- Shut up!
I was just tired of living alone in the garbage
He created something to kill for him.
Close the fucking door.
"If he comes near me, I'm going to put him in the wall."
The court will decide whether you should die or not!
"I don't even know your family, loser."
It caused a shit storm.
Let's talk trash.
Go draw the blood.
"Do you mean you wouldn't die for me, Potty?"
He's as imprudent as his father was at his age.
"It's a horrible thing, a great naked savage with pointed teeth and a fiendish grin and a long spear and war paint all over its ugly face."
"ln a couple of weeks, no one would give a shit about you."
Now this shit's gotta work.
"None of the old-timers who sat around Jake Rowley's stove in the Bradford general store had much liking for Vermont ways, them with their income tax and their snooty bottle law and that fucking Russian laid up in his house like a Czar, writing books no one could understand."
They'll chop me.
"When I die, hopefully in my bed..."
"If I can get this guy to let me drive it without him, I will blow the doors off that bitch."
"If you refuse this offer... ...you will be the most ungrateful,wicked girl... ...and the angels will weep for you!"
"I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even though he is crazy."
"Up would become down, blackwould become white."
"All right, well, what do we know, besides crazy cat lady?"
"Dare not continue with your treason, Von Griem."
"I can't let you rot in prison, Coop."
"Don't play the fool, Farad'n."
I killed them both.
"Hey, yo! We gotta get our shit together, Tugg!"
You're into junk for a thousand a week.
You get the fuck out of here right now.
You must think me a madman.
"I mean, you're standing there thinking, ""there's no way I'm as bad as these pathetic pieces of shit."""
"Anna, I don't know if you know this... ...but there is some seriously insane shitgoing on out there right now."
I also waterproofed it for phone sex... so I can cry as much as I want!
"Darn, no, I must have missed it."
Your eggs are burnt.
"Fuck, man. Call me Mickey."
"Don't worry, we'll knock him out."
That's what I should've fucking done.
"They pull up and spill out, also like clowns from the little car."
"I didn't hear it, I wrote it, dumb(bleep)."
"You start poking around Ridgemont, that's why he wants you killed."
Bomb the town hall.
Damn. My first impulse was to go and tell Bill.
We got dogs and cameras. Nobody can get in this fucking house.
We both know that Castelo's been losing his ass down here.
"The King is restored to us, the theaters are open, the tailors and wig makers are happy as whores... and rich men go to heaven again."
I only found out what I was - or might be - after those crazy-ass monks came after me.
"Look, Pipe Feltcher, I've told you five times that I'm fuckin' sorry."
"You try doing that three, four times in a row, you're gonna puke your guts out."
And you'll do it with a fucking smile.
First... ...he'd deal with that scumbag journalist.
I think it's time you put up or shut up.
Killed.
"He could not waste time listening-""We have sufficient weapons and personnel to annihilate you."
"""I. . . shit, I'm stuck."
"I mean, I never liked the guy, so I would say something like... ""I think you're a selfish, ignorant misogynist."
I ripped her sink apart.
"Clarissa, I'm not going to sanction such a ludicrous investment."
"Kiddo, you're fucking with me here."
That's absolute rubbish.
"You know you're my nigga, right?"
"""You must have patience, Father."" Shut up."
"But that doesn't change the fact... ...that this is an evil, bloodsucking corporate machine."
"No shit, Lloyd."
"And you're willing to live like this, in a hermetically-sealed box while everything out there goes to hell?"
I can only attribute her weight loss to her mental disorder.
You have gook in your eyes
Who the hell names their dog Amanda?
"And then... and then, she will crap on your beautiful monument."
You think your little witch buddy's gonna stop with us?
"The rest of you is normal... normal face,normal legs, normal hips, normal ass... but with a big, perfectly round pot belly."
I don't fucking believe this.
"Maybe we should cut him some slack, 'cause he's pretty screwed if he doesn't toe the line."
The goddamn Germans got nothin' to do with it!
This guy's crazy:
"If you want, we can do our toes, we can do a pedicure. - This sucks!"
Peter HAS FIRST PIECE
"Did you bitched, canceled my album?"
Uh-huh. ...you're gonna lick the salt... ...off my neck... ...do the shot-- Whoops! --and then bite the lime.
"But the girl you work with wanna bang you, doesn't she?"
"OK, since when is it OK to shoot people in this hospital?"
You fucking kidding me?
"And, if I recall correctly, you like it burnt."
Lexi wanted my help getting the morning-after pill after she and Jesus had sex.
"Bjorn, get the hell out."
"He had a small penis, very small."
Shut your yap.
"Stay there, Nigger."
No fucking fog in Bullitt.
"Put your hand on there, asshole, or I'll break it off!"
Some asshole on the plane said there'd be a bunch of flower-heads out here.
They've called in my fucking bank loans.
"Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, you're a big fucking executive."
"It just ends up screwing with your game, or in this case, giving you tits."
"Yeah, but I didn't notice these, 'cause right now there isn't a single inch of my body that doesn't feel like shit."
I can tear you in pieces now.
"I don't want you haunted, and I don't want you hurt."
"The torpedo was wallowing like a pig, completely out of control."
You're not the only one who's been screwing up lately.
"""Damn right,"" Kahn said."
"Hang me, if I could move the rod!"
"Oh, I know it seems like people are making up shit... ...so they can feel goodabout all the pain, all the cruelty... ...loss, violence, suffering, death."
You want to start some shit?
Burn... them...!
Your fans will rip us to pieces.
Are you out of your Vulcan mind?!
I'll have sex with a swimsuit model.
Some people are just born rotten.
She's the worst.
What's up? One of our artists banging a tranny?
Take out the imperial sword And execute Wei Huaire here
I forgot to feed my jackass.
I won't kill you.
"I mean, it's like you think you're so mature... and so savvy, and you-- you're just not, because you don't know a fucking thing about the real world."
How you avoid all that sex in prison?
Nikki knew you were dirty the second Percy started killing agents.
Who's firing? Goddammit!
"He did the same with the back legs and worked the pelt around to bring the naked back legs out through the belly slit, and then, with a deft jerk, he pulled the pelt over the head like a discarded winter coat."
I'm having sex. I'm getting busy.
Get this psycho off of me!
Like oil and vinegar-- -Shut up.
"Every fucking time we go out, Don Jon smashes!"
You better watch your mouths and your behinds.
"But now I need to actually visit that hellhole and see how soulless, empty and bullet-ridden it really is."
Throw this in the building.
"It is only his power that keeps her from getting her throat cut."""
"And you are the hipster, techie genius who's an introvert."
He feared you might follow old Obi-Wan on some damned-fool idealistic crusade like your father did.
There's a scout coming... ...and I intend to fuck his world up with my skills.
"There was a breathless scrambling before Preetorius stepped in, dirtying his hands on the white trash, and hauling him to his feet."
Do you believe this crap?
I had to spend a night out in my truck but I had some beer so I didn't give a... darn
Screw you. I care.
"Shut up, it's exciting and I want one."
Let's see what these suckers look like.
Just a gang. A bunch of Hmong gang bangers.
I'm gonna sue all your asses!
"Arvos cannot be a host for his mind is dead, do you see?"
"Hey, blackheart the deatheater Or whatever your ""World of Warcraft"" name is, Suck on this!"
"You're not having a psychotic break, jer."
You should be excited because I think I figured out how to deal with all the shit and move past it.
That has got to be the freakiest damn scarecrow I've ever seen.
Lucky bastards.
Sylvia Plath was a freak.
Venus... ...goddess of love.
My parents were lounge lizards.
Suck it up for one more lousy night and you're rich.
This is a frickin' nightmare.
The Coast Guard guys are going to keep me held up for weeks with all the crap on your list.
I wanted to hang out with some scumbags who weren't lawyers for a while.
What kind of madman ?
Get me that kill-code!
I like my men big and hairy.
"Nancy Taylor, she fucking..."
That was supposed be an Australian accent - rubbish.
"The gunslinger left them there, staring at each other across the dusty, droppings—strewn floor, he with his sick grin, she with dumb, inanimate defiance."
I fucked with You.
Now you go home and you tell your little fiancée that the wedding is off... ... and you have your ass... back here tomorrow a.m.!
"So I'm lying in bed last night... ...thinking about you, wondering if I should jerk off or not."
You actually bought all this crap?
Let's just get the fuck outta here.
"You know, you guys are real funny for a bunch of unemployed motherfuckers."
Are you really this arrogant? 你真這麽自負
"And you come in here with your petty... vicious, heartless quibbling... and you grind him into the dirt."
"Still others were macho, in-your-face promises to the terrorists of the world-kill people simply because they are Americans, and you will pay a very dear price."
He poured hot latex down his throat and cast a mold.
They have fucking swords and knives and fucking hammers and stone axes.
Let's go have sex in a tree.
"That guy, man: He is such a fucking nerd, I can't believe he doesn't work with you people:"
Or even just... Even just some reason that this kind of terrible shit has to happen to people who are basically good.
"Well, Mr. Lightning... ...move a muscle, twitch a finger... ...and I'll splatter your guts all over the wall."
It's her armpits and between her legs.
I thought you wanted-- - Stupid.
I look like crap.
Our orders are to keep that freak here.
What are you looking so stupid?
Friends don't share genital pics.
I left three fucking messages.
What does this brute want from me?
"'The only thing that old loudmouth bitch is any good at is telling the weather,' George had been known to allow when in his cups and in the company of his cronies down at the Mellow Tiger."
"Bathroom, designed by Bloody Stupid Johnson."
In such a crappy car?
They're my goddamn workers.
"The point of clowns was that, after watching them, anything else that happened seemed enjoyable."
Dragging our sorry asses all the way to the edge of the galaxy--
"But it wasn't, because you kissed, and you felt the earth move, and you knew you were supposed to be together because you loved each other, damn it!"
What? is it black?
These people dragged their asses out here to see us.
"“Damn it, it vath here!”"
Cause it seemed like you were about to shoot me yourself.
"Forget his bullshit Forget his worries, him say good riddance"
"That justifies nothing, of course, but it does give him the courage to be a bastard."
You're screwed!
"Yes, I look like a nine-year-old Chinese girl."" - What the fuck?"
Grandpa doesn't wanna slut it up with a bunch of old biddies.
"The goblin-- ferocious, deadly, And, worst of all, he's my best friend harry's dad."
Just make sure he doesn't lose his sh***
'Her mother's a whore who worked Merchant Alley.
"I mean, no wonder you have an excess trash problem."
"But I also watched car shit, too."
"Yeah, don't play dumb with me."
"I can be with these fucking people here at this after-party, they will fix that."
"Hicks, whoever's left, get the hell..."
It's the damn coffee.
They should hit you in 20 seconds.
"Shit, what time is it?"
Four balls!
"Yeah, I got you fucking my girl."
Come on. You don't do that shit with your wife.
But because it's an Oriental who kills herself for a Westerner... ...you find her beautiful.
I'm retarded.
"Damned silly kimonos–you look like a woman, Pilot–or one of those half-men!"
I didn't come here to freeze my arse off and go home with nothing.
"I'll get right with you, man. I got to check this damn fan belt."
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
"like a four-year-old throwing tantrums with me, I'll be the one getting rid of you."
"Aw, crap."
Freak Toby is.
Do you mind if I look... ...or will you chew my head off too?
"That's why I chose you, you and your pathetic family."
I dreamed some bad people were trying to nail you to a tree... with hammers and big stakes and shit.
"I'll cut them up in the kitchen, Mrs. Chase."
I sniff. I steal. I kill.
"""Don't be ridiculous!"
"What the hell, he thought, you're only young once, and threw himself out of the window."
"Look, Debbie, you are high off your ass if you think you're coming into that room."
"I hope that shag was worth it, 'cause we're late for signing our contract."
I saw the security tape of you beating the shit out of Shaw's car.
"What's going on here, dammit?"
You damn right it ain't funny.
"Hey, man, I'm trying to do business over here, bitch."
Did you break his wanking hand?
"""Go on and gather your kill."""
It's not the black Beverly Hills. It's the black Palos Verdes.
You don't get to act like a spoiled little brat - in my O.R.
But this is the ignorant boasting of a rich country that fails to comprehend the situation on the ground.
"You know, you start messing around, you think you're under control, but eventually you abuse your arousal center, needing stranger and stranger shit to flip your switch."
"Keep your mouth shut. Ridgefield, the private security firm that the government's contracted out to transfer prisoners?"
"Now if it totally sucks, you can tell me I really didn't write for 5 seconds anyway"
What the fuck. you can shoot it from a distance.
"If you insist, Master lnuyasha... do it over my dead body!"
Your father fills a ship with beasts while children drown.
You're doing a movie where it's like a fucking cat will be in a full-body cast.
Nurse Harper is epileptic.
I think I know who your monster may be.
These two pigs are good to go.
"But you were naked, and it was All vulva this and vulva that."
I'm throwing the biggest goddamn party of my political career tomorrow.
Is she going through someone's garbage?
"You kill me, you've got a body to get rid of."
You see that fuckin` saw?
"Let's kill all this applause, now, because we all know... ...that she's gonna go right back to him Just like she always do."
"The brutal repression of South African black citizens makes this no longer a foreign policy issue, but a United States racial issue."
I don't need any fucking trouble with Dillon.
You pull me off a game just when the dipshit's about to give me a ball?!
Go fuck yourself Mind your own business
Stop bitch!
"The site manager is a real moron, God knows where they dug him up"
"If I am gray, I am gray, and screw all of them."
You don't know a damn thing about our relationship.
Are you crazy?
"All right, can I just-- can I--damn it!"
The entire place stinks of laundry soap.
I think we should get naked.
"He wanted to call fucking Pamela, B and tell her we needed help."
"When he lets you go, just sit on the couch. Don't do anything stupid."
"""Like those damned comeyes."""
"Dude, what the fuck?"
"Use your legs, Mac."
You can stab me with it whenever you wanted.
Isn't that the number of our shopkeeper's big loser?
But how often do you get a chance to slap someone right in his face?
Coke is fucking dead as... dead.
"No, you shut up."
"Here, take that, you creep!"
Guam has a kick-ass house?
"Just for you, black man."
"I don't know, mush, that guy's a drug dealer."
"I will make love to you, little girl."
"In fact, I was partying with the Dominican sand team down in Cabo a few years ago, and we were just completely out of our minds on mescaline, and these two little nymphos walked by and they were like, ""Show us your cocks!"" You know."
You're a Trill.
You're pissing me off.
You're worried that the super-soldier will kill Ramius and slaughter the rest of us.
Let's talk about that bald ass shiny head of yours?
Did that ass-wipe fuck with your mind?
Bastards changed the locks.
It must be just awful to have your face so badly burned... ...that you can't let it be seen.
Sounds like the home of a woman who lives with her cats and is gonna die alone.
I can't listen to this shit.
Jesse knows that shit can happen.
She saved your butt.
It's a rubbish answer.
"But you're getting screwed, Art."
I'd rather be kicked and beaten to death than go back to that man!
You fucking should be.
"The other night, I heard my balls and my dick talking. And my balls were like,"
"I'm gonna go hit my sidework, marry some ketchups."
How do you shoot the devil in the back? this guy is protected from up on high… by the prince of darkness.
Because you're on the pill but not having sex.
This place stinks.
Maybe. But not stupid!
If they follow standard imperial procedure... they'll dump their garbage before they go to light speed.
Some fool with a fake badge.
"No? DICK: There's no skin under her nails, no bruises."
You could talk about a construction job you just came from... ...and bitch about your girlfriend and your car.
"You know, I think you say that because you think it makes the sex hotter."
"Surprise, nigger."
"Gordy, goddamn it!"
"Steiner, I didn't mean it you're crazy!"
What the hell?!
"""Because this bird is as drunk as a lord."""
"Rick, you're the stumps."
Don't leave me. I'm gonna die.
"All right, everybody, let's shoot."
"Said he didn't have shit to say about you, 'cause you used to whip his momma's ass."
"""Governor, I can whip you - I can kill you, with my bare hands."
"We must bring the people to their senses, show them the danger of allowing themselves to be poisoned by this harlot and her corrupt society."""
"Now, be a smartarse, and I'll throw you in the block."
What a garbage dump.
That lip junk you couldn't live a day without.
DCI Luther will be taking on a case of a waste of semen called Jared Cass.
"For these 24 hours, all non-irish men fornicating with Irish daughters are forgiven."
Amy was a kick-ass companion.
That must suck.
"Aw, shitcunt."
"Oh, my fucking God!"
"I mean, tell me what happens if your whole mission goes to shit."
The bloody word's only there because I wrote it!
And you killed Bethany because you were jealous of a mental patient.
I would... I wouldn't say completely ridiculous.
"Hamnpork was big and fierce and a bit scabby, and he didn't much like having a new-fangled brain and he certainly didn't like talking to a cat."
"If you say McDonald's, I may hit you."
How much for 15 minutes of bullshit?
I pickpocket him when he's annoying.
"Too crazy, man."
I just ran out of people to kill.
"The rest of me might look like crap, but I got good eyes."
How do you think I got that phat-ass train set right there?
"Uh, no, because they're brother and sister, and according to Miri, brothers and sisters can't fuck."
You have to stab it 100 times.
"BOUNCER: What, are you nuts, Ginger?"
"Cut the crap, please! Slavo, we know each other for twenty years, don't make me kick you out."
I should start you guys off with a new set of wheels first... unless you're cool riding around in the same rusted old shit box... you've had since the 10th grade.
When she is not with her Nazi.
"IN ORDER TO DO THAT,WE HAD TO... Remove your uterus. What?"
How does a good-looking police officer like you... give a shit about a dirty bank robber like Jack Tuliver?
Because of our fucked-up childhood.
"With his rotting, stinking corpse."
Now I'm up to my ass in Christian mythology.
"Well, any other bollocks."
I'm not letting you get shot.
"The thought of letting the boy kill was even more repugnant to Borric, so he pulled his arm back and drove the knife into the slaver's throat."
"Shut up. If you start using it to get what you want, it's dangerous."
Two fuckin' minutes ago.
Could you be any more immature?
"Idiot! This woman is my mother, and the mother of the Child is."
"Come winter, when everybody's balls are frozen... you'll have the warmest seat in the house."
Damn! He's always in a bad mood.
I had a hanking for them.
I was texting my mom! - Dork.
"This is my land! and I'll clear it of unbelieving dogs... ...util... ... until there's not a Russian from here to Volgograd, do you get me?"
That motherfucker trusted you and not me?
"Follow a blow with a blow and they'll say, ""The Negro lost his temper."""
"“By all that’s holy, how dare he do such a stupid thing, what?"
"The ones you got to convict my ass, remember?"
Get that dog to shut up.
"Oh shit, it's a Decepticon!"
"If it hadn't, you'd be dead."
It turns people into superstrong lunatics?
"You know, you treat me like dirt."
And his wife and two daughters were at the table. - Men are just dogs.
I killed my father Tywin Lannister with a bolt to the heart.
When I catch him I'll use his head as a football.
"Wow, except from putting a dick in your mouth With Lady Gaga playing in the background"
"Yeah, this fatty."
You are mad.
"The rathead nurse, meanwhile, was bending between her patient's splayed legs and peering under the hiked-up hospital gown Mia now wore."
"This is just exactly how Em's prom ended, with us talking her drunk butt into bed."
"This is an $800 suit, and I'm getting too old for this crap."
You're better off With two tin cans and a fucking string. ...Plus 100.
"And what's worse, you'il hate yourself."
She was noticed wherever she went in damned Sanctuary.
"First point of attack. Two, throat."
"'Pestilential vermin, you have caused us great trouble.'"
So gross!
What are you fucking talking about?
It was a goddamn accident.
Why can't they just act like limp sacks of potatoes?
You can fuckin' read about it later.
"""She had no genuine memories. She just didn't give a shit. """
"Oh, I am. In fact, your little speech has generated an estimated 1.21 gigawatts of ""I don't give a shit."""
"You think white people go around calling each other honkies all day, man?"
"All he had to do was say my dad's name, but he didn't. He kept his fucking mouth shut."
We'll send him to the loony bin.
You're gonna risk the lives of all me mates! I'll ball you!
Disgust
Your destruction will make prime-time news.”
"Many have been .. .. burned, tortured, murdered and raped by my apathy."
That shit ain't fair.
That square with the chessboard is for pathetic old veterans.
"I'm the kind of idiot that will come into a store like this and I'll buy tons of stuff that I don't need, just 'cause I love this kind of stuff, and I probably would have spent, like, I don't know, $2,000 in here today if you had paid any attention to me, so you know, I mean, I get it that maybe you just work here, so it doesn't matter to you, but I would think that the owners of the store--"
How we gonna run reform when we're the damn incumbent?
I was trying to save our asses.
"""I give you until the full moon to order all ironborn scum out of the North and back to those shit-stained rocks you call home."
"I think I would have sex with her, right?"
But I ain't saying shit on the first date.
And then this idiot goes right into the middle of the woods.
If you don't want me to humiliate you just shut your mouth.
"He would pop out, seize one of the Berol pencils, and commence writing his crazed nonsense -- the crazed nonsense which paid the bills Thad's own work could not pay."
"Dog-danged scammers used our money to build a fleet of remote-controlled, solid-gold Death Stars."
"What the hell, bro'?"
I got some condoms. I promise I'll stay far away from your injection site.
Fucking don't call me that!
"Wait, let me suck it in."
And just let the team get their asses kicked?
You smell like booze.
"I thought Jamie was getting murdered, so I was gonna fucking smack someone around."
Get the hell out of my lab.
"""It's a crap game,"" Aahz declared."
"Well, guess what, Buddy. I think you just fucking convinced me."
I mean a man of your ability wasting his time photographing silly dresses on silly women.
"My mom and the mailman had sex, and it didn't change our relationship one bit."
"But he'd be damned if Caramon was going to fight his battles, especially against the old man."
Two cons from owl island told me about some psycho with a face like a corpse.
Holy shit.
Intubate her.
In my world Kaiser Wilhelm IV rules the German Empire - A 'president' for Germany sounds as silly as a 'king' for America.
I said fuck off!
"I don't know, but I'm gonna find a place if it kills me."
Running away with their cocks between their cheeks.
"And that machine gun shit, that was perfect."
"Hackworth notes that all of them have erections, sheathed in brightly colored mediatronic condoms-rubbers that actually make their own light so that the bobbing boners look like so many cyalume wands dancing through the air."
What kind of piece of shit car is this?
"The assistant superintendent, still shaken by Raskolnikov's disrespect, still fuming and obviously anxious to keep up his wounded dignity, pounced on the unfortunate smart lady, who had been gazing at him ever since he came in with an exceedingly silly smile."
That tingling in your balls?
"By the way... stupid question, but was there anyone here last night?"
"Don't worry, I won't drag your ass to jail..."
The cur whines for its bitch.
You guys gonna gas us?
"'Cause if I save your life, and you erase me, I won't be there to save your life, and you'll die."
"If you don't want your balls juggled, don't throw them in my face."
I shouldn't be waking up next to some depressive middle-aged Egyptian dude.
Why the fuck?
"Only if you exchange bodily fluids with them, Charlie."
You stubborn son-of-a-bitch.
Cops can't fucking validate him.
"In order for tadalafil to be effective, sexual stimulation is required."
I don't know what the fuck I'm writing.
"You know, it used to be shit like this happened, we could just call Frank."
"We need a heap of bloody bodies so when mob boss, Wallenquist, looks over his charts of profits and losses, he'il see what it cost him to mess with the girls of Old Town"
"Wait, you're talking about Todd the bod from the jackass gang?"
They are fake police.
Your sample's useless.
"Damn right, it's not!"
Why don't you get the fuck out of here?
'You'd be foolish not to.
Contact information from my former slut stable.
What the hell is that?
"It sucks, 'cause, literally, I have to sleep in my grandpa's bed,"
For your lousy money.
"Trying to get a foot rub, dummy."
"Now, man, you know, fuck, I want to help you... but I don't want to lose my wife doing it, all right?"
"If you want to toss Quark out on his ears, toss him out."
"I guess meeting a crazy old man has made me insane, too."
"No, it sucks!"
I need a fucking minute to make a decision.
Let the dark elves hit him with a dozen such bolts; it would be hours before Cobble fell to sleep.
"Lt. Gaeda, please report to the Op Center. All right, you maggots!"
"""Shut it oft!"""
All you fugitives better hide!
You can't bullshit me.
Get shut up!
"""A half dozen, no less, of the high-ranking Bey bitches are dead, turned to waxen statues in a Tysian mage's museum."""
"Every Halloween, after all the parents get drunk, the teenagers come out and they go freaking crazy."
"There's fucking cocaine all over the bed, Tony."
Will you ever be normal? Freak!
"If she doesn't sign, she'll never see those brats."
The thing had reeked of sour and poisonous putrefaction.
How can he talk with all that cock in his mouth?
"""You shouldn't go to war, lady,"" said one old crone."
Fuck. I'm gonna be so late.
It happened because those kids... ...couldn't keep their shit on the down-low.
I'm about to fuck up.
What the hell are you doing here?
"You're so special, get your own fucking cigarettes."
"I mean, come to think of it, if Fez helps Jackie win a roller disco... she might rip his clothes off and have sex with him right there on the rink."
"Damn it, even I can see the The umbilical cord is virtually uncut!"
"Klaus is so fixated on those wolves, And elijah is so wrapped up in centuries Of his family's old crap that he can't see it,"
"No, no, lvy, it does not mean that you are a freak."
She's got a needle mark on her neck.
"I think brandon took the lid Off pandora's box today for me, And I just got thrown with a Storm of crap."
"We're taking away all your devices until you get your history grade up past a ""B"" so you'll pass the damn class."
I want you the hell off my property!
I didn't even want that stupid apple.
For a bad ass killer to own such a piece of crap watch?
"Hell, Crazy Annie, they had to send her away."
They were going to shoot me down.
Hated his guts.
Why not just throw them in an incinerator?
Remember the time you had to make that really stupid speech -
Call a fucking ambulance right now!
Throw her over my knee if I have to.
"""Sorry Le Chiffre's gonna win... ...continue funding terror and killing."" That kind of sorry?."
The only reason they're saying it is 'cause you fucking told them.
"God damn it, I am not drunk!"
The hell is this wood made of?
And Hammer's inside. Thank fucking Christ.
"I'm Plummer, the only vicious man in town."
"Fuck me, it is shaped like a heart, man."
"Oh, that's the name of a cheap, small-town tramp... ...trying to sound better than she is."
I thought you weresomeone trying to steal shit.
You want to get to the fucking point?
Three Negro juveniles... ...were seen discharging shotguns in Griffith Park.
And then gives you shit about drinking a beer?
Look in my f ucking eyes!
She was a whore... and she couldn't take it anymore.
"Kick all you like, wolf girl."
"Oh, shit, I didn't mean that."
"Every Halloween, Ted waits for the slutty pumpkin."
She thinks it's bad or something. What the hell?
Mr. Archer... ...this is the manthat murdered your son... ...and brutalized your wife.
What's every shitty first novel about?
"Ok, I'll leave you to speak ""pig"" I found one with my name to keep up with beer."
That man ought to be run out of town on a rail.
You're nuts There's nothing there
"All right, David, the guy's making your life miserable."
You'd better kill it.
"You're gonna crush it, Pam."
Angela is a nice girl but you gotta plough some fucking fields.
What the hell?
"""Using every dirty peeper trick he can dig out of the slime to bitch me."
I'm gonna do so much fucking cocaine.
Maybe he's jacking off too much.
Don't you people ever shut the fuck up?
"Now get off my property, and leave me the hell alone."
Where the devil did you come from?
"Shut up! In the office, his father is a personal insurance."
We finally found their ass laying low at Candyland.
"Truthfully, Frank, it was a pretty shit car, mate!"
We screwed... - We are not the people you think we are.
Fuck me. Maxi millions?
This shit has been going on for like Do you want to run to the store for me?
Are you a midget?
It could have died in here.
Y0u scared the shit 0ut of me.
"The more people they kill, the better it is for everybody."
It's the most ridiculous time for him to sell.
Say fucking mercy!
"It ain't the pussycat’s tail, lady."
Only reason you like them is because you'd like to be a snot like them.'
A salad so delicious that one could kill her.
Leave him be or you'il be riding the goddamn sled with him.
Cut him!
"I ain't ridin' no bus, bitch. He is believed to be responsible for the murder of his landlord, John Diebold."
It's restaurant garbage.
I know names don't determine shit.
Unless you die first.
"Stupid... all right, we're all gonna stand here until Shameika decides to tell the truth."
"Let me tell you something, mothertucker."
I don't care if it choke you to death.
You just leave my sh\xA1t alone!
"You're cursed, Scott."
"Hey, Cray, do you think you can give me a lift back to my car so I can snag my shit and then maybe take me back to the Treme?"
My wife! Death that hath sucked the honey of thy breath. Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.
The dude is a lunch thief.
Let's release their souls and bring them to death
Harbor rats and alley cats and every kind of scum
Give the bum what he deserves!
Getting shot in the eye.
Sometimes you needed a bastard.
You can wait that long to die.
I hate that person.
"Just remember... ...Bucho has plenty of thugs, but without them, he's dead."
"The Fremen would be waiting up ahead, marshaled on this side of the river with their foolish papers waving in their hands."
What the hell's going on with his eye?
"If you've never had a blowjob from a superior officer, -"
If I am then you'll feel pretty stupid not having a cup of coffee with me
I have the best fucking attorney.
It sucks for you.
This place smells like feet and patchouli.
A nerd.
"You're a traitor, too. Aren't you, farm boy?"
Why do you wanna torture me with your filthy stories?
I told my mom no more dead bolts or rape whistles.
Right. And I made you argue that true love is bollocks.
"The queen is still smelly from the marker, therefore we use a bit of water, too."
You brought us to your high school sex hideout?
Couple months... ...Fuller will find new asses to chew out.
Watch shit in 3D.
Stupid! Listen to me!
It's about somebody with a big fucking mouth I'm gonna have to shut.
"If all women suddenly began preferring to have sex with men who walked on their hands, in a very short time half the human race would be upside down."
You want some violence?.
Let's get this shit over with!
"Put the shit away, man."
"And sure as shooting, sooner or later they'll explode."
Don't listen to that jack-off. Look at those gazongas.
"Shit, I used to laugh at Shakespeare or whoever it was said that 'For want of a nail, the horseshoe was lost...' business."
"Everyone loves you. And one day, when you open your own bar, in tribute to your childhood, you can call it tgi fat-ass."
"Judi, you're crazy."
Show her how the cow eats the cabbage... you hopeless loser.
That fat bitch with your baby?
We see ourselves and we blow up and explode or some shit.
Bastard! Where are you?
So you want us to look for a pile of dried-up vomit.
I have this stupid shoe I bought and it break.
What the hell is wrong now?
"That's why after a woman's been with a Jewish man, she's ruined."
"I'm a sucky pilot, but let's give it a whirl."
"Osc, take a shot for the New Year, nigga!"
He has health problems. Looking at me like he wants to peck my eyeballs out.
What the hell is a Davina?
"I mean, Jesus fucking Christ, please tell me that those Chinamen's cars aren't empty!"
Then shut up.
I didn't fuck nothin' up!
Maybe you should send her back to the retard camp.
A favor to cover up your fuck up or a favor for vince?
"And you in hell, as oft as he hears Owen Glendower spoke of."
Sex between us is just that: sex.
Mmm-hmm. We don't create shit.
"Deer in these forests are protected, so you gotta butcher them on the spot."
He damn well wanted me to be angry!
"He closes his eyes, puckers his anal sphincter, and clenches his teeth."
What the hell was that?
Her situation seemed to me pathetic in the extreme – a lone woman incarcerated with seven strange men in a city of hideous enemies.
Why the hell don't you admit it?
"""Maybe die,"" he replied."
You should have kept Sugar's nasty ass.
Moron! Why are they standing in the middle of the street?
"Oh, I hate a kiss-ass."
"If she wants to fight me, all she's got to do is come to the club, start some shit, and we'll be in a fight."
That's the Wallaby Darned.
"""American soldier... ...your wives are back at home... ...having sex with Bart Simpson and Bert Reynolds. """
Nobody fucking cares... - what Martina wore at The Open!
I didn't have sex with your mom.
"I mean, you're doing important shit."
Do not even fucking ask me to account for my coming here... advising you how to answer Ellsworth.
Like if you... die.
"Oh, shit, that's easy, girl."
"Shoot, I think I left the milk in the car."
They'll hang your husbands at noon.
"Brian, you show those stuck-up bastards what you're made of."
"Me, and I'll attack you for nothing."
"""Surely, the man isn't stupid."""
"Hey, I've had sex with three women in my entire life-- none if you don't count paying for it."
"Well, he looks like he was killed by a wild fucking animal."
Hanks hasn't talked to me since I put him in Turner and fucking Hooch.
Try punching that into a phone!
The smell of his burning flesh rose to sicken me.
They don't miss shit.
"He ain't fucking dead, Eddie!"
"Beavers like to chew on shit, especially twigs, branches, blades of grass and such."
And I will open those tanks and flood the street before you fire a shot.
"Thought I wouldnât find out, you little narc?"
Damn. no
You're a ticking time bomb.
"if you ask me, you're plain lazy."
"My mom, she's a druggie."
I have been with all kinds of whores all over the world. And you my dear are no crack whore.
Will land you two dead in five seconds flat.
"""Who cares what you believe--Fatty!"""
I don't give a shit what I ruined.
Deny till you die.
"People kill women, take their organs."
"I'll live like a human being, not like you chumps."
"When I turned on the machine, it instantly fried his brain like an egg."
Or else watch television and keep cursing all your life... Shoot him Omar.
"I'm sorry that you didn't get to die as a forgotten nobody on a bloody battlefield, and your father didn't get to live another day to be disgraced by you."
It'll get a lot hotter before the fucking night's over.
"Your tiny, tiny intellect."
I said put your hands on your head and get down on your fucking knees!
"A million times I wanted to yell in his fucking ear, ""This is Las Vegas."
"One Trooper even drew his gun, looked down at it as if to say What the fuck'm I gonna do with this? and put it back in his holster."
"Hell no, we won't suck."
"Senator, no offense, but if you want to do the right thing, bringing your hooker mistress to your wife probably isn't a great idea."
"Dr Weir, get your ass back on board now!"
"God, can't you go anywhere these days without these damn paparazzi?"
Cool fucking pretty that's.
"If you want our air to last, try shutting up."
Arrest that girl now! She kicked me!
That shit still hurts.
"Let's shoot some sticks, yo!"
Cops are here. Fuck me!
You are really a bad boy.
This ain't no damn parking lot!
Foreigners are given more consideration and a swift death.
"Well, I'm reading about something called, erm, multiple orgasm."
We are not...screwed.
I don't care if he brought women here to fuck.
"""Agent Cody"" skank."
I'm talking about a real shitbomb.
"Thought he was being all tactical and shit, until Bravo missed the turn at the checkpoint 'cause retard couldn't see out his fuckin' truck."
Sucks to your asthma!
"That fear, it will start to creep away and after a few days you're gonna realise no one knows shit."
Maybe something semiautomatic-- something I can shoot a caribou with.
"So we can trap this thing and keep it still long enough for us to get across or we can sit on our asses and in half a fucking hour, we'll be up to our necks in it."
"""She's just an old, sick woman."""
They acted like thugs.
You must've did some really bad shit.
"Shit, I think we lost him"
"And stop the ""mommy"" shit."
The day from hell.
"You know, you're not the first to have his head snapped off by a chick."
The hag has appeared. To find fault in our wall painting.
You say he wants to take on the Jews at their own game.
Your thighs which make me tremble with lust!
"...""Let's tie him up and dump him."""
They're not! They're dying because of Bethlehem. . . . . .because this is a shitty world!
You young criminal.
Can kiss my ass.
Jesus said the darndest thing.
You think the Dragon gives a shit about your nobility?
These prissy party favors won't take down that pile of evil robot steel.
"Leave you in a cell to rot until you confess, or you can just tell me now."
You are the puppeteers that puppet the world.
You can't shut me up! You can't dumb me down!
"She damned sure doesn't want to hear that we don't know."""
Into Manuel Gonzalez's thigh.
"Now, he could have smacked me over the head and dragged me out of the house probably through the backyard."
"What, more like this arsehole?"
When does the gay gentleman come round with the tray of champagne?
His brains are all over the sidewalk.
"She didn't think Donald would be vindictive enough to take her fucking boys away from her, you know?"
"That's like, I, I like to have sex with one person at a time."
I cannot make the white man language.
"There is no other vehicle, sir. Major Djokovic went out hunting. Fuck."
O'Bannon... where the hell are you?
What if gordon is just a patsy for somebody else?
"Sam did not have a fucking screwdriver tucked into knee, right?"
You want me to hike up my fucking skirt?
The stench of humans!
The guy is white as a ghost!
"And then you're stuck with a bunch of weird, old, stinky strangers in your wedding photos."
"Then she shuddered and said, ""To me the man is a monster!"""
"If he gets used to five balls, he'll easily handle a single one!"
"You want the truffles, you need the pig to get his nose a little dirty."
"Damn, I'm gonna be a good doctor."
"And the moment you get a sense that I'm fucking actually moving on, you come back."
"I'm not fucking senile, Simon."
"No offense, sir, I do not want angels on my ass."
We're gonna have to bomb by hand.
"But for every escapee... not only the family, but all of their relatives... would be killed and burned."
Who the hell was that? I think we just heard from jack the ripper.
"HEGAl: My lady, this is foolish."
We hit someone with your car.
Getting your brother off with a slap on the wrist!
"You killed the wrong fucking guy, Pop."
They handcuffed him to the bed and hacked him to bits.
"The Whirlwind awakened—this goddess is mad, riven with insanity—who is there that can stop her?"
"Here am I still like a cock in a strange farm-yard, at which even the hens peck: but on that account I am not unfriendly to the hens."
I have replaced the lunatic Dreyfus as chief inspector.
Are you sure you don't just want to fuck me?
"Huntsekker would come, with that cursed scythe, and Draig's head would be in a bag."
"I kill, I don't get them."
"Yeah, bloody."
That old fool did exactly what she was supposed to.
Have you had sex with him?
"Ugly peoplewho are running with scissors, health hazard or community service ?"
"Hey, some Ridgefield hoodlums let the air out of my tire."
"You are also said to be a highly effective liar, willing to fabricate any story, broker any kind of deal, to get yourself free."
I got fucking socks.
It's a huge pumpkin... ...with a pathetic moustache drawn on it.
I jerked the machete out of Enzo and plunged it into Bruno's gut.
"Clowns! Tugg Speedman, he can't cry!"
"Ragnar Lothbrok is one such, and his vanity will kill him."
God damn it!
"'Meantime, gimme that other 'un, before I bleed to death.'"
Everybody's a liar.
"Well-spoken lady like her, it's a disgrace!"""
"I may die in this cell tonight, or in the arena tomorrow."
Always at Rob's arse like a collie dog.
That is absolutely ridiculous.
He didn't know whether to tell them the truth -- the fools!
"If you had cast the cross away, you should have beaten me another night."
I badgered them. It was a special order because it Was a white shag carpet.
You wanna shoot it now?
I'm ferberizing two babies.
Has virginia explained to you That we monitor subjects while they have sex?
The goddamn money carcrashed on 1st Avenue.
And whatever the hell you are.
I could burn you a great CD.
"A clean kill, with no pain."
It ain't enough that I gotta be the one thinking this whole shit through.
Amaya was the thief!
You screw up and I swear--
"Look at your face, dawg!"
"Willow, use the wand on that troll."
"I told you Tom Brokaw doesn't have a mustach, fatass!"
I want the demon lovechild between that... and that.
"She's a super freak, super freak She's super-freaky I can be me."
"""You're shot."""
"Mine's working, but it's the black guy with the wrong number again."
fuck. what is it?
You have ruined me and my life.
Rabban's close-set eyes locked on to the pathetic prisoner.
"Marco, you're going to end up as roast pork someday."
I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
"""Oh shit,"" he murmured."
"Stupid. Cody, on three."
I saved your ass.
Do you want to be eaten alive?
You're in my bomb shelter.
"Shit, she thought it was firecrackers."
Now... is it true that despite... or maybe because you're a big fucking hard hero... you didn't tell anyone where you were going?
You need to fart?
"Fuck you, he'll find a way."
You even asked me if I did. If I killed her.
And the injury wouldn't have been enough to kill him.
"And always that low rumble, both in his ears and shivering his buttocks as he sat in his chair."
I smell a skank
We're really gonna shoot with him like this?
"Because I am a good person, and I deserve good shit in my life."
Damn him. Two days ago I told him:
"'It's stupid, I know, but kind of traditional."
Who the fuck are you anyway?
"Look, you were giving me shit this morning because I come and go when I want to."
Take 'em to the Kill Village.
"Shit, sir, it took 3 years of planning."
"'Rose,' he said - and now his lips had difficulty in forming a name which had become suddenly inappropriate - 'this is perfectly ridiculous."
We cut open her belly.
"Charlie, were you raped?"
Big chunks of green peppers and onion and mix the egg in and put paprika and all this shit in it and make a big meatball and put it in the middle of this frying pan.
What the hell do fast cops have to do with a Krispy Kreme?
"Suspect's guilty as hell, but we can't get his DNA without a warrant."
"(Howls) To be fair, you actually look more wretched than I, so... well done."
That place makes you miserable.
"I have to work around here, and unfortunately, Troy... you are a master at the art of time suckage."
I oughta fill you with fucking lead.
Lesbie-cyborg manifesto shit that I read last night!
The bear is in the cage and the cubs can have their throats slit.
Fresh fucking meat!
"What do you reckon, Si,fancy a weekend punching cattle?"
"You took a bullet, and the next day, you were fine."
I don't fucking know.
"The Drakuls hissed and spit like cats, the venom of their thoughts a fire that burned inside."
"But I was still really afraid that... that my strength would fail and I'd drown. Or maybe someone would spot me and shoot at me, kill me."
I just shit in my pants.
You could have killed your daughter.
Death then.
"The door was being manned by a volunteer, who also thought I was being an ass."
We should be hunting her down.
"The way I see it, there's more evidence of this Tara shit being real than God is."
Jack Bell and his deputieswent up to Bragg's place... ...to arrest the menthat murdered Clayton Poston... ...and raped and killed his wife.
You see here a daring poor pilgrim and a miserable guide
Gonna shoot sparks out of my head and lightning from my fingertips!
"if Verone sees a helicopter or Customs boat, she's dead!"
I told him not to fuck with me!
"Hey, guys, Danny's brother is totally gay, right?"
Shit. I want the guns.
"So no matter what gay bar you end up in, keep it shtoom."
Or this idea sucks.
In lieu of flowers please beat yourselves in the face with rusty chains.
I even read your goddamn book. lmpressive.
"You got balls, man, I'll give you that, but it doesn't mean you're gonna be able to get close enough to the President to pull this off."
"You made me a promise, you little shit."
"'Don't you die on me!' he stormed, pummelling the flesh of her legs."
It will blow the classical music out your butt.
Sparhawk realized how foolish the question was almost before it left his lips.
You wouldn't wanna call the papers and say Lina Lamont is a big fat liar.
"Sezu had declined, because the land was useless."
"Listen, pussy boy you're broke."
"Grab her fucking hand, man!"
"I keep getting calls, Chris, and they're talking about how they're going to fucking torture me."
It's good you're doing positive shit.
They took him out on his patio. Threw his ass over the balcony.
Women who read romance novels have twice as much sex as the national average.
It's just cheap crap.
We should have a talk in your office before they kill you.
He really is a chameleon.
Is so damned unfair.
Shit! - Have you tried the radio?
"Ethnocentricism, xenophobia, and anti-Semitism flourished, together with corruption, nepotism, hypocrisy, and opportunism."
LESTAT: You'd be dead now if I hadn't.
This boy's blood will be on his hands.
"I'm trying to have a conversation with you, and you're acting like a fucking child. Okay."
"Simon, you're a plagiarist, And what's worse, you're a bad loser,"
"I'm goin', nigga."
"Taylor, I gotta put in my log that I verbally counseled you about this fucking camera. What?"
Lot better that fat girl.
I haven't got a fucking husband!
"Come on, let's blow."
"Oh, damn!"
Maybe if you could cure my fucking face... I might look as good to you as that archaeologist.
"That was just plain old, goddamn reckless endangerment."
"He's, like, writing a movie about snowboarders or some shit. I don't..."
"Grab a chair, wall-crawler, and I'll deal you in."
Plus some nasty shit.
They know they can't fuck around with me like they could if I was an unknown.
You are the best damn player on this team!
We were the best damn fighting unit in North America. And they threw us out on our asses.
Holy crap. That's gonna look good on a hat.
"Breakups are a bitch, aren't they?"
Jorge...is more submissive than my dog.
Stop talkin'! It's bullshit!
Who wants the little maggot here?
"I'm his fag-hag, not his mother."
"It's kind of gay, but if you think about it, she's the shit. She's, like, my best friend in the whole world, you know?"
"Personally, I've known what you are for many years now, old devil."
Because I'm a fucking caveman!
"Oh, yeah, the whale bones digging into my boobs would have been much more comfortable."
You ain't even a fucking pig no more.
"“My ass,” he said to the room behind him, “out of here,” and then he was out the door and down the hall, headed for the stairs."
Since you forgot how to keep your mouth shut.
"What the hell's wrong with you, man ?"
Have you lost your fucking mind?
All these bums steal your stuff.
"Well dear, you were a pitcher of margaritas and a gas station condom."
Chino is a hitman who kills for 3 million liras.
How do you know I won't kill you?
You lost! Are you looking for another way to make my life miserable?
He sure can't fight for shit.
Where the fuck is Sebastian?!
"That paperwork you got in your trunk, not to diminish your new beauty mark, is fucking worthless."
I think you're rotten.
"You can message people to discuss game strategy, talk trash..."
This guy just try to kill himself?
You want to shit sparks?
I suppose you want to know about that silly book of yours.
Your Emil Strago just killed my garage man and physically assaulted my person.
You wanna worry? Don't start that shit.
"Not content to let our great father die, you start a damn war on the Aventine that threatens to engulf the whole fucking city."
You see that crazy look in her eye?
They are insane.
Honoring their saints by setting them on fire.
"that we called them brainless,"
Hit me with the damn thing right here.
They want me to blow you up.
Nobody calls my girl a dirty Dirty.
Another such stupidity and you never see your daughter back. I want her voice heard.
Why do they always insist on announcing dinner like a damn cavalry charge?
"Yeah, you do, 'cause otherwise, you'd just predict the lottery, and get the fuck out of here, right?"
Because people have gotta know whether or not their president is a crook.
What I do know is that it's no great goddamn secret you live in fear of repeating my mistakes.
"Come on, April, I know I owe you for saving my ass last night, but please just do this one thing for me."
She doesn't want sex with him.
Those CIA liars faked my death.
"Well, I say we hang, grab whatever we can and blow."
I licked you on every point.
"He wants Guardo's business, he needs to eliminate him to get it."
"Shit, shit. 'You contacted Emergency Alert."
Feel the power of the fucking Beast.
You used all my shit!
I don't want a goddamn pep talk.
You want a shot?
Take your fucking money back.
"This is 10 months of undercover work, six months of Rosetta Stone learning fucking French."
"He's stabbed to death, Duck?"
"They don't even use the regular bomb filler, and I'm probably going to shit-can the program, 'cause I don't think it's worth the money."
Raping my ears with your words.
Shit. We have a problem here?
“Old fart couldn’t track an elephant herd across a football field covered with fresh snow.
They tortured the man. raped his wife.
Forget this cold bohemian hell
She is congratulating herself that she got rid of him before he tried to carry out a threat he recently made her that he should kill you at the first opportunity.
All she had to do was keep her mouth shut.
"Plastic's too thick, you lunkhead, I can't get through."
They're too fat and they talk too much.
"That's the fucking plan, right?"
Aren't these headphones tits?
"""Rats,"" Faye said, apparently having decided that she could deal with the uncouth more easily than she could deal with the unnatural."
"Dean, I cannot take this shit anymore."
"Well, with Indians, the bigger hero you are, the greater the torture."
"I said, what the hell?"
"This is not just sex and penetration, but penetration beyond the veil of the flesh."
Except that Mrs. Payne Whitney Smith is a catatonic.
Don't be a fool!
Because you're a clever negro.
"""It's a damned long walk."
It wasn't no goddamn accident.
You see how crazy she is?
"Harry, they've been saving him for a suicide mission."
Maybe if I could just not fuck up for 30 days.
That everyone always gets slaughtered in the first ten seconds.
"My shack was oddly comfortable: a table for eating, a cot for sleeping and fucking, a hole for pissing and shitting, and a window for silent staring."
"Oh, can you fucking block the wind for me please?"
"she'll probably grow up and be rich. yeah, she'd better buy us a big fucking house."
What the fuck you doing?
I'm back here 20 minutes and Eric Northman wants to kill me.
"Two or three quick jerks through his closed fist and orgasm came, immediate and savage."
Can't even do that shit sober.
"I submit that you are naughty. So, logically, you must destroy yourself."
Get off me.
They fucking forgot my birthday. ♪
Ain't messing with no damn snakes.
I think it's a damn good idea.
"That you were worried about Jeremy Barba turning on you if you were arrested, and that you used your Bitcoin to hire someone to kill him."
Holy shit! I can see the head!
Get the fuck outta here... something!
And bury me alive.
"I dabbled in some investments, got out of my depth. I've been very foolish."
Rats can sense diseased or genetic damage in their potential mates... ...so we can test his body... ...for hereditary diseases or defects that would make him a loser... ...essentially.
"Andy, you bastard. You were like a son to me but now you're going to jail with me."
Back up! Back the fuck up!
"And then Charlene came... in my new car... and brought you home after first... ""bitchslapping"" him."
That fool? I beat him last week for 200 bucks.
We'il shoot the whole thing in infrared.
"""We have to see how our careers are going and shit."""
He's the oldest of my rug rats.
"""Hey, Big Nose!"" Eddie cried (as he seemed to each time he saw this particular piece of pond scum)."
"Aw, hell, no. You ain't puttin' that thing on my mama."
Even Einstein had a day job. Fuck dark matter!
No one gives a shit about old ladies.
"He wanted me to drive you into a rage, to turn you into this monster you apparently used to be."
ADAM: Dude. You're a fucking stripper?
Somewhere not in my breasts?
Is it stupid to ask if you still believe in anything?
That's your go-to... after you've macked on another chick in front of my face?
And the f**ker's parents are taking him to Alaska in August.
"Big Daddy, why do you want to hurt those that really love you? Bull!"
"""Children will rebel against their parents and have them put to death."""
"Yes, and he had to kill him or be exposed."
You're telling me to shut up?!
She'd be a fool to turn you down.
"I tried to argue him out of his foolish stand, but he was adamant."
The sick bastard thinks he'll get away with it.
The Irish are the blacks of Europe.
"'Holy shit,' he said to Steve as they reached the door."
Jump him!
And kiss your asses good-bye.
Nigger General's got a wild horse on his hands.
You'd almost certainly be killed.
"If you want to fuck up your nose snorting, go ahead."
"So I won't tell Colonel Newsome that your boots ain't regulation,... ..your post wasn't coveredand you hold your gun like a sissy."
"""Did not, you oaf!"""
"What kind of illiterate, bitch-ass ghost is this?"
"I'm here because I like you, asshole."
"I said, they'd shoot me if you did."
Deal with your own shit for once.
You need to get the lead out of your ass before Friday.
I'm fresh as a fucking daisy.
"I'm not gonna get screwed by you again, Hanson."
Why don't they just annihilate us?
Bullshit?
Who the hell passed her my secret?
"His eyes widened, and for a moment he looked as if he and dumb had never even met, let alone got up together every morning and lain down together every night."
He's only an animal.
"You've killed people, Jake."
I'm gonna shoot the shit with these trenchcoats.
They've got members in every crook and nanny.
"Now, take this opportunity to stroke your wives or girlfriends."
"When I saw them, I shot."
"I gotta tell you, this is about a damn perfect evening right now."
"The woman was well muscled but scrawny; her face was wide and flat, disfigured by a scowl."
Definitely a nut.
How do you rationalise killing them?
"Now... this girl knew Max only by name, and she hated his guts."
An ass-kicker on the land and on the sea.
"I mean, what am I doing with these crazy girls?"
Well... ...I fucked this guy last night.
Perhaps now you'll find something better to do than hang around with cut-throats and thieves.
Fiedler... is the acolyte who one day will stab the high priest in the back.
"Oh, you can say black, Pierce."
You take this trash from the street and let them investigate such an important case?
Pussy likes his weed.
I can't be friends with a little bitch that tells his mom every time something happens.
"So fucked up, man."
Choke me with a pillow.
Stepping out in your own damn bedroom.
"(Mutters) Stupid... Probably when they wake up tomorrow morning, they notice that we're not here to cook 'em breakfast."
"Don't bother searching, the bug's in your skull."
To see ourselves as... ...animal and ugly.
He is banging a super smoking hot demon named Nina. All right?
"But, you're a womanizer."
"But I hadn't wanted my children to look on common trash infused with our blood, and I wondered, arrogantly and vainly perhaps, as I always do at such moments, how these roguish sophomoric slob vampires ever came to be."
"I gave you afucking chance, over and over, you let me down!"
That she'll spit in my face.
"They,re dead!"
"What's the difference? This shit hole, that shit hole."
"That filthy music you listen to turned you into a poet, boy."
Do you want to drink yourself to death?
"Jump, pussy, jump."
"I can see there's not much meat on there, but I'm sure there's a lot of chew on your noggin."
Not another soldier shall die!
I'd think you had feelings for this monster.
"And then one day, you know, blessings a little hard. His wife caught him out back of the Waffle House with some hooker."
Because I've dealt with more than a lifetime's worth of crap from her.
Sure as shit not gonna stay here while they run out of food and water.
"He took her on the heaped coke, filled her with himself, with the vampire thing in him, until she cried out her immeasurable horror — her unthinkable pleasure? — as his alien protoflesh surged within her ."
"Hey, knucklebutts!"
"This is me, Liam! I don't give a crap about how to build a boat!"
You get outta here before I have you thrown in jail!
"Surely I can decide that, damn it!"
Then I'll cut it off.
I'm gonna go puke.
Look at your fat belly!
"Shit, I'm in!"
"God yes, fuck me!"
I'm sitting here chained in the chair... ...and you don't need to send these people you train... ...to behave live mad dogs
"I told you it was some good shit, dog."
They had to kill it.
"If you say anything to anybody about what happened here, I'll hunt you down."
"I'm only going to ask you once more, goblin."
The feeling that stops me from killing those I should.
"Unless you're announced and I am there. Oh, shut up."
Nice fucking costume.
I've been waiting in this stupid line for 2 hours!
"Mess with the environment, some species get fucked out of their habitat."
"We sit down and write you nice business letter... asking for damages, and the Signore Carlucci... he calls on telephone and tells me to ""screw. """
(boy) His name's not shitbrain. It's Piggy.
"Slide the safety off, dtm it like you would a rifle, or if somebody is in your face, poke them with it like a stick and pull the trigger."" ."
So she kicks him.
Shit is addictive.
We can't fucking call them.
I smell crazy.
I think there isn't a lad in the country doesn't want to go and crush that bloody Kaiser.
How can you do this to me? You this brat. How dare you try to stab me!
You shouldn't have taken the fuckin' money!
"I thought it was our dream house, but I guess I'm the only one dreaming, because it's all a big fucking nightmare for you."
The Chief wants us to be pooped.
"When I told him I was bringing him to you, he pissed in his pants."
"God, Vorrutyer, do you imagine, in your amoral flashy freakiness, in your monstrous vanity, that you control this elemental?"
I know you're gonna kick it there.
He sounds like a fucking catch.
Let the little yellow bastards come.
You keep changing the fucking rules!
"Late as usual, pirate scum!"
I don't know how to throw a damn Frisbee.
"Sorry it was stupid of me, I thought it was sleeping with other people."
"What is this, like some CIA type of shit?"
"I still have to put a cold rag on your head, sing to you and apply VapoRub to your chest."
If you dare come near my bed I'll destroy you right away
"Nitrous oxide, shit like that."
That's all we got for a veteran terrorist!
Damn! I will make the time.
I will knock another tooth out.
Sounds gross.
He was her doormat. She treated him like shit and he let her.
I'll take care of all my personal shit.
Man: What the hell?!
"And this time, don't suck."
"Hey, elway, I really appreciate that apology, But I've got a lot of shit to do."
"I'm such a coward, you see?"
"Well, then verbal ain't shit."
What is up with that... Witch?
Every fucking CIA guy I know looks exactly like me.
"I do, and it's fucking genius."
I think it's time you both get the fuck off my boat. What do you say?
Who wants to suck tomorrow?
Who cares? Let's get out of this fucking heat.
"It was as if I was a perverted Prince Charming. instead of Cinderella's glass slippers, I had her panties"
You're unemployed and have a Mohican You're a double-loser
And you sat on the sidelines shoutin' instructions like you could only see what I was doin'. You couldn't even fuckin' play football. And you could only see what I was doin' wrong.
Georgia ... I mean her husband not have sex with you there ... I kick ... three months?
I think you're a bit too old for him now. - Fuck you.
Cut him down.
This is our new stable. So far it's full of junk and wood.
"Well, I'll get your stupid paper, but you better show me... ...a little more appreciation, Mister Man!"
I was about to examine her boyfriend's rectum.
"Don't worry, you're American, not some brown peasant."
We risk it all by going for murder.
"Dick, I've covered for you a lot of times because I thought you was a little crazy, but you're not crazy, you're mean."
"I'm sorry, does that mean ""thank you"" in coke whore land?"
"Finally-too late- I got mad, and I grabbed his hand and bit it."
I'm gonna fucking do all the heroin in the fucking world.
"I said, find me a fucking drink."
Or burn people at the stake?
"Shit, 28 seconds."
Fuck this. He took out a police station?
"Yesh, you are toite like a toiger!"
"Falling to my death, dressed as Abe Lincoln, holding a big, purple dildo!"
"It would be nice to say that the leader of the robbers was a black-bearded, swaggering brute, with a red headscarf and one gold earring and a chin you could clean pots with."
Pick someone dead.
Just because he's fed you some bullshit story.
I wish I couldn't feel a damn thing.
"Didn't do her much good as I ripped her throat out, did it?"
Men are just so full of wind.
Kill the lights.
The fuck you care?
"I fucked up, I was high, I took the wrong bar."
"No, he has every right to hate me, you should hate me."
I hate gunpowder fire. Those fools have no manners.
"""The fool's name for fate."""
I would never fuck me!
"I want you to put on spandex And then spin around on the upper bar, and slam your vagina into the lower bar, spin around."
"Bun and Eleanor blamed me for her death, insisting I was the cause of her mental decline, which, of course, was ludicrous."
"And I don't like you, either, ese."
"Maybe you'il get a year, but this bastard's gonna sit for a long time."
"Me, I get in a fight, I go fucking crazy, you know?"
You shouldn't fucking kill Erling!
"Put your shirt back on, creep."
"because you're Death, you'd have to happen to yourself, it'd be like that snake that eats its own tail -' NEVERTHELESS, I AM GOING TO DIE. THERE IS NO APPEAL."
"""Miserable morning,"" the rat‑faced little Drasnian noted, distastefully brushing snow from his shoulders."
Waiting to die.
"You have witchcraft in your lips, Kate."
A single pussy hair can pull a battleship through the desert.
How primitive these people were.
"If you gave a shit about your real families, you wouldn't put them through hell by not telling them where the fuck you are, okay?"
You were making my life a misery.
"Damn it, watch where you're walking."
He looks like a fucking popsicle icecream.
With that knife you can only stab Moo Yeon if she comes out of that human body.
Along with the three at that colossal goatfuck a few days before that.
They were gonna nail his ass to the floorboards for that one. But after the press got ahold of it... they promoted him to full colonel instead.
"Oh, shit. Isn't that the girl you hooked up with at the Andersons' wedding?"
Get over here and meet a fucking gentleman.
Xena gave herself up... ...to save one of the damned.
'Til we can figure out what the fuck is going on.
Afghan women's worst friend
I won't give him off to somebody who's gonna beat him to a pulp with a 2x4.
"God, I'm such a shit."
"Later, burn the ship!"
"""You must be as quick as the devil's bite, or you'll likely be cut in two, half of you on the floor of this cave and the rest wherever the brown-skinned woman took herself off to."""
OK? I'm just trying to live my life and you're dwelling on that shit?
Who might kill Hallie?
Smite him!
Forget these stupid flowers.
"All right, I'm just asking, fuck's sake."
"I know you probably can't see this right now 'cause you're also blurry-eyed, but this gun here, this is the one that I used to kill the fortune teller."
"Liar, you just don't want to be left on your own."
"I shot the boy Mike-Mike in his hind parts, that all."
What do you think Ellen would say about her husband impregnating a frakking Cylon prisoner?
You join with the others and we'll destroy the governor.
"From now on, whenever Private Pyle fucks up... ...I will not punish him."
How could the idiot have been so sloppy?
Just 'cause I'm so pure of heart. -So pure of heart. -Bullshit.
"He's not a bad man, he's just a pathetic man who's afraid of what he can't control."
"""Royal impersonators -- a Duke, a Duchess . . . a whole damned family of fakes, right under your father's nose."
"""No shit."""
You went crazy.
"If it wasn't for me, your ass would've been nailed to the wall."
You were so afraid of becoming the man you used to be... ...you asked Nina to remove pieces of your brain.
It would console me to see us screwing.
Gross. What?
I won't even get my fucking hands dirty.
"Where is he texting you from on a Saturday night, hooker island?"
You ain't going to believe this shit.
Keep that shit off the highway.
Roger is willing to re-shoot this entire fucking thing.
Come on. They'd have to kill me to get me out ofthe cage.
Smithback’s lips pursed in distaste as he watched her fanny sway under the pleated skirt.
What the hell?
You needle snake!
You haven't got the guts!
"""keeps her pinned down by her throat."
"Look like you did it, dog."
is he fucking serious?
But how the fuck are we supposed to get Frank and into the restaurant without being recognized?
Shit happens.
"He was always apologizing to somebody, swearing he'd get their balls back."
I miss my Satan too.
"Wow, girl, I didn't know you could still talk trash and work for the team."
You tried to hit me with a fireplace poker!
Next I break every bottle in this fuckin' joint.
"I mean, he came up off that shit, then we did our thing with the guard, and I thought..."
"You know there's a handful of guys sitting out there right now whose wives were, like, “Oh, come on, we have to go see the middle-aged dumb ass and his dolls.“ (laughs) (laughter, applause)"
But I'm not enjoying shit.
Get someone to talk to me! - Goddamn it.
"Yeah! So you still think killing yourself would make everyone feel happier, eh?"
"Hit me again, Vincent."
Piece of piss.
"Dude, do you think it's about to be free blowjobs for the rest of your life?"
They're gross.
You sound like a petulant teenager.
"She taunted me with that, standing over my nerveless body with her flagrant nudity and her face contorted with hatred and contempt as she reviled me."
Are you out of your mind?
Smash me to bits and the Hero's Qi will just dissipate and fly away.
"For example, one kills ten Kurds not because they are obnoxious or because the perpetrator has strong feelings against each of them taken individually, but only because they are Kurds; by killing those ten persons he intends to contribute to the destruction of the group as such."
"Well, hell, everybody's a little bit slow-minded anyway."
You fucked me good.
"Stick your drink up your ass, Tania."
"Unh. So much testosterone, so few brain cells."
Somebody find me a box and put this woman inside it!
"What, because you had sex?"
"You're bleeding from the ear, for fuck's sake!"
"Get over there, start shooting."
"Tell me, my fancy, fuzzy freak. What do you think of when you make love to Barbarella?"
"She's no hag, Beowulf."
Paralyze him.
Good enough to fuck your mother!
They all reek of deodorant and aftershave.
You mustn't kill a child of yout blood.
She's been sleeping with my boss. I walked in on them having sex in my bed.
"I also do accounts payable. ♪ Betsy, you make scheduling sex ♪ more ice around your neck than underneath Wayne Gretzky ♪"
"Though she still licks him, in the manner of the mothers of this strange planet, her eyes radiate love."
So miserable.
"Like him, many others just want to fuck me, and I like that, but it hurts because, above all, I'm a woman."
"And the pathetic part is, it's not gonna work."
"Shit, the girl can swing!"
"You got a fucking problem with me, man?"
He'll die if...
I didn't do shit to her.
"For the health of Rome, the senate must be bled"
I was fucking all night.
"like a wayfarer, a traveler, a vagabond."
"So, fine, they're ridiculous: no one can turn himself into a wolf."
That was a statutory rape.
"You don't wanna be homeschooled, fatass!"
"Yeah, well, I missed the whole fucking thing."
Shit! Master is out of breath.
He is too nice a man to do anything as despicable as murder.
Go home and kill your time.
The meaning to me. Let's show this ignorant christian What Ragnarok is.
Why the hell did you let her?
"Gross. Yeah, it's a pretty toxic place to raise a kid."
"You have served me well, little worm, -"
If I had money do you think I'd be in this crappy dump?
Where is this frat?
Didn't you hear a goddamn word I said?
"Oh, that's it, Chambers. You just signed your own death warrant."
Hopefully we'll be able to fix it before you bleed to death.
He could've had it knocked. Look what he fucking did?
"We got transhumans, Nomlies, pregnant females."
Stay off my fucking spot!
Damn right!
I told you I'd fucking sort him out.
"He must be one of the biggest animals alive on this planet, and it would be a crime to murder him."""
We need to destroy their military facilities.
You done darn broke my board.
"Fuck her. ""Bruce, Harriet, what we have to do is admit to ourselves that we see that opportunity and take it - and that's it."" - Now, we just sit there."
"When the vomiting subsided, he lay back on the stone floor and waited to die."
"We don't have shit, you understand?"
My leg is fuckin' killing me.
"Silly, isn't it, to feel homesick... in a magic place like this?"
"Am I to sit here gorging myself on useless trifles, sucking on your little sweetmeats, when what I truly require, what I truly need... are a few quill pens, perhaps a pot of ink?"
"In the rare event that Robert leaves his whores for long enough to stumble drunk into my bed, I finish him off in other ways."
"Man, if it was me... ...I'd be fucking with people, whispering in ears."
Or were you thinking more along the lines of a quick shag with her mum?
"God, I'd sell my soul for a good old fashioned UTI I can bitch slap into submission with some simple antibiotics."
Instead of sitting in a bathtub with a pillow on your head like a chump.
You're lucky my husband doesn't... ...jump across this counter and knock your teeth in.
"I mean, shit, Shepard, he is kind of cute."
I will have you fired!
I don't want the cops dragging me out of bed at 4 a. M... ...because she's yelling that the CIA is stealing her trash.
You monster.
"When you get there, you shoot straight."
That is the worst excuse for not having sex ever.
Women come to me with snakes crawling from their ears.
"But not for long, you dumb old cats"
"This place sucks. Let me tell you something, kid."
"You mean a, uh, ""lock you in a building and try to kill you"" kind of boss?"
"May they always fight bravely, and if not, perish."
'E couldn't fuckin' wait to get out.
"Jesus Christ, who... apparently uses the same awful decorator as my mother."
Female corpse.
"""If we don't get him back, I will personally break the Red October story world-wide, and fuck the consequences!"""
Get out of the fucking car.
"Don't you listen to those whiners, Sherlock."
"Oh, how corrupt the world is. A prison is a hideout for hoodlums?"
I'm only pulling your leg.
"Hey, Leon, I was very clear-- no fucking in my pool."
"But this monkey was born with both virtue and vice in him,"
Just- Who put the goddamn pole there?
You better back the fuck off!
Damn good!
The slutty-milf look is so not you.
Another alternative is the penile implant.
Men were irrational creatures; why not birds too?
Why don't you answer your own damn phone?
You give up... or I'll dislocate your shoulder.
"You better be scared. Because I’m about ready to kill me a job interview, partner."
"In the first place, she's the onewho went scampering back to the safety of white heterosexual priviledge."
"Well, shit, you know I ain't take it. Shit."
What the fuck is wrong with you?
It must burn your ass that with all your money and popularity... ...she still won't haveanything to do with you.
"The thing of it is, Lieutenant... Jimmy McNulty, when he ain't policing... he's a picture postcard of a drunken, self-destructive fuck-up."
You don't give a damn about peace!
What are you doing to those rats?
I won't be the victim of your sick extortion.
"Doggone it, people like you."
Wet pussy.
"You stuff your friggin' head in there man, and find out if it's a man-eater."
Probably throw attempted murder at you:
"Your body dies right out from under you... ...and the next thing you know, you're just a pile of ash!"
Then you must be rotten.
You call him a loser.
You throw open the door and shoot as anyone else would have done.
Modeling for a gay flower water isn't a career.
"You ate it all, Tyrant, that miserable collection of shacks and hovels we called ""home"" and all of my friends and family."
I couldn't let him go through all that shit again.
"I knew you were a bitch to him, but I always thought you loved him."
She's an artist... Fuck off!
Spending my days screwing around with a 17-year-old instead of working.
"I hope you die... ...scared and helpless in the dirt, just like my Merrin did."
"Would you rather I cut you open, D'Argo?"
"Where'd you get it, the trash?"
You could be there all fucking night.
"And, without love, I am sure I should be a fool to change such a situation as mine."
The cursed treasure of Cortés himself.
"Sit down, Dick. they're trying to open up the safe, not your maid."
This is just not fucking working.
One you dance naked and the other you whack people off.
You say the most horrible shit you can think of in the face of tragedy.
"Damn it, I'm burning!"
And who in the hell is the guy jumping on me from out of a tree?
"""Ah, lady, do not crush a wretched prince."
Who ordered you to kill Sanchez?
"All the things I would do to you if I ever saw you again, Oh,"
"Aye, youre a born hag, right enough, said the kelda, holding her gaze."
"You're here because, in 1986. You and your friend Vincent Carter... killed the two men referred to in this bitch's articles."
"Don't fuck with me, Ro, not about this."
"No, watch out for the goat, it butts."
I'll get a fucking ambulance.
How the hell did you know they were the police?
"I did a fucking brick dance for you, OK?"
Those thugs were looking for you...
I can't go around banging girls in hot tubs.
"You've just come out of the hospital, damn you! Why don't you stay quietly at home and rest? No."
"The light showed us its ass, went elsewhere."
Billions of fucking Donald Trump lotto.
"Well, I fucked you a little, but it wasn't all faggy."
What the hell is he talking about?
"I'd be like, ""Boom, Mini-Me, Austin Powers, sex tape."""
We thought you'd shot your bolt.
"Me, neither. He has no idea what the fuck he's in for."
"Kill people without warning, and their training was a moot point, which made it a hell of a lot safer."
"Okay, I know how to deal with bullheaded men."
"Yes, damn it!"
I weight 90 goddamn pounds and you bring me this slopping foam?
Tell them if they don't get off my boat right now there's gonna be a major shit-storm.
I would like to know... Ah! What the hell you've done with my girlfriend.
Ha I killed him?
Don't be so fucking stingy.
Your ass is mine!
"Shit, back in the day, I used to run a big rig cross-country in 92 hours."
"You took my goddamn wallet, didn't you?"
"My friend in Long Island told me he got picked up in some fuckin' shopping mall, - he got locked up.."
"His whip snaked out, lashing across her buttocks."
I don't smell no pussy no more.
"""Damnation!"" Gunthar gasped, snatching his hand back."
I crushed a man's jaw with a metal pipe so that he'll eat through a straw for the rest of his life.
I was so foolish.
Boss... ...you haven't lived till yougot head f rom a vampire.
"Well, I guess, even a bonehead like you, could understand... that a man acquires it over the period of 50 years."
"""One of the best pilot candidates I have ever seen. ""And unfortunately, he knows it."" You're a cocky son of a bitch, aren't you, Ensign?"
That chick's so horny.
I win for suckiest life.
"And I think she thought I had, like a, sexual disease, or..."
except those that die here!
"""Dear God, please don't let me fuck up."""
"Don't visit my grave, cocksuckers."
"Hey, do you maybe want to go see a shitty movie or something sometime?"
Only cream and bastards rise.
"Team Echo, jerk-in and suspended."
"The whores' conversation he had overheard served to confirm what he had suspected for some time ... that the Hell-Hounds had not only fallen from favor, they were actually held in contempt by the same low-life townspeople they had once sneered at."
"That's gotta be the worst fucking excuse I ever heard, Tre."
Do you know if you're gonna die?
"All he has to do is shut off our power, and we'll starve to death."
Twelve of your party are dead already.
"Shit, this isa confusing airport."
"A geek, of course, is a man who lies in a cage on a bed of filthy straw in a carnival freak-show and bites the heads off live chickens and makes subhuman noises, and is billed as having been raised by wild animals in the jungles of Borneo."
"Guys, shut up!"
Damn! Did you have pineapple today?
Are you a f-- are you a f-- a female?
"Why are you staring at my breasts, Peter ?"
"Your parents will grow old and die, just like your dreams."
"But if they were standing, and your brother was pointing the gun... ...then the bullet would be about here."
You better fucking tell me.
"No cash, no story for the magazine... and on top of everything else I had a gigantic goddamn hotel bill to deal with."
"They probably wanna do the same shit to us, man."
Then he kills himself 'cause he can't live with what he did.
"She lights people on fire,and then,uh,you know,they burn up."
Yes you do look like a crook.
"""You are going to hang him, mad as he is?"" he asked."
"Get your hands otf me, gravedigger."
It doesn't seem to keep you from humping me every night!
I always get nervous when I see white fat like that.
He's fucked.
Then dump her.
"Woman understands children better than man does, but man is more childish than woman."
Do you have freckles on your dick?
What the hell... - What are you doing again?
Hit me now!
"Her pussy gets so wet, you can't believe it."
"Yeah, they should totally go to Jew church and- and wear those hats... and eat that salty orange stuff with their bagels."
so you shit on the people who know less than you.
You never fucked my wife!
Black don't crack.
Lt'il be laughed out of fucking court!
No one was inside of anyone! ...was wrong... - to have Jeffrey inside of me. - Shut up!
I should have continued slowly poisoning you when we were kids.
"You caught them together, And you killed them, Didn't you?"
You guys are worse than Connor!
My breasts were practically a tourist stop.
"Holy shit. Okay, calm down."
"I tried to shoot them, but I kept winning."
Looks like something was ripped off her neck
Who would object if I told Neil to fuck off out of the band?
So darn sweet
That was none of your damn business.
"Disgusting, but..."
I'd be happier if she married the catfish.
"Harry, don't you hear that? It's the fat lady singing."
"I mean, it's none of your damn business."
It was fucking Your Body Is a Wonderland!
I'm not absent-minded because I'm selfish or crazy or-- or inconsiderate.
Our defence is a goddamn joke.
"Why haven't you brains, anarchist?"""
Markus Kuzmenko-- more of a gentle lover or a brute?
"Oh, geez, Molly, I'm not going to have time for that nonsense."
"You were just meat in the room, Simon."
"To throw up is always on starboard, because the wind is blowing from the port side, and would make a nice suck!"
"I tell you something, I get on that plane, pistol or not, that'll be the last fucking flight I evertake."
"His assistant was supposed to give me... the address and phone number, but, darn it, she never did."
Get the fucking gun!
And you can tell all your scum friends that things are going to change in this town!
# Time to fuckin' take her #
"Oh, my God, you could have shot me!"
Don't fucking touch me.
Who among us hasn't sucked a kook or two?
The hole seemed to stare up at him with a kind of idiot invitation.
"Goddamn, that's too much gun for you."
You save the guy that ruined your career... ...and avenge the guy thatfucked your wife.
"That's just fucking racist, you look nothing like Taylor Swift."
And the biggest fuckin' band in the country.
"Gay Boy, it's time to eat."
"If we'd have known anything about the heroin, we would've fucking told them."
"My parents suck. When I tried to tell them that formals were American tradition,"
What the fuck?
I am surrounded by fools.
What the hell are you talking about?
"Tear the sucker open, Dad."
That's her thing... raping her personal experiences for attention.
"Perverts, you know?"
"Crawling back to the living room he felt something like a bee sting in the fleshy part of his tight thigh just below the buttocks, and when he clapped his hand to it, his fingers came away bloody."
Go out there and stick my finger down her throat?
I can't believe you're still cock-blocking Karen.
"Guys, you are being immature and moronic, and drink, drink..."
"""Gay, I didn't know you cared."""
Your dog is muy bad.
"Hey, open it or we kick it in."
Have you lost your mind?
"Lois, you don't need these assholes."
"The traitor knew well that the Tartars would not try to pass the Angara, and that, on its side at least, their attempt was only a feint."
You're even more obnoxious as an adult than you were as a child.
Can you really be so ignorant of what is happening in Germany?
You really think I'd screw you now?
"Where is he, goddamn it?"
Because if we only wound him… his friends upstairs will crush both of us.
"Mm-hmm. - Fuck, the last time something like this happened,"
This is ridiculous.
Dirt everywhere!
You'il have to rip it out of my fucking talons.
Let's undress her.
Don't make me kick this fucking thing in!
He can bite the ear off someone in the afternoon and come home and kiss his children with the same mouth.
"Nearly finished up rootin' her little sister, the prick."
My grandparents are coming in from Tucson to see me suck.
"Whatever Goody and the rest of the ladies inside my head may think, Punkin and I know you're wearing an orange jumpsuit and sitting in a County jail cell ­the one at the far end of the old wing, Brandon said, so the other inmates can't get to you and fuck you up before the state hauls you in front of a jury of your peers . . . if a thing like you has any peers."
I don't fucking believe this!
What scoundrel stole my secret recipe?
In my fucking face!
"Fuck, this place smells like shit."
"If you don't follow this instantly, this captive will be raped right now as punishment!"
And you damn near got me killed.
"And where's his ugly-ass vest, Brad?"
"It wasn't enough he fucked me over,"
"There you are, you little bugger."
I could murder a coffee.
I didn't sign up for no goddamned car chase!
"If you ask me, it's the fanatics who fuck up the world."
"Yesterday, I wasn't sure if God even existed. Now I'm up to my ass in Christian mythology."
"Why, will you lock her up,Signor Baptista, for this fiend of hell,"
"You aren't supposed to blow the ""I love you"" wad until after sex."
And shoot.
"If you knew you had the runs, why didn't you shit back at the house?"
"I know you're not supposed to move people and everything, but, shit, I didn't know what else to do."
"Maybe you should focus on trying to fix your shit, instead of coming in here trying to fuck up what Dre and I have."
"Man, that sum'bitch had been in there since breakfast!"
"So, the other reason I call myself Wonko the Sane is so that people will think I am a fool."
"We believe him to be armed... and very, very horny."
"No, you're not a shit, you are someone who can afford to be nice."
Where in the hell are you taking me?
You trying to get me in fucking trouble?
"Hey, you, move your disgusting beasts."
"Look, the shit you've done, and I'm the one going to jail?"
That's... Fascinating? B-but not quite the same thing as catching the lunatic who's trying to kill me.
"He's a good guy, that pig."
"We have to learn how to bend over... ...and kiss your ass every day, and then take you out and party... ...and you expect us to pay the bill, right?"
"No, what she wants is for you to wallow around your apartment... ...like some socially-retarded hermit."
"The books available in the library, they're either trash westerns or hack adventure stories. Now, I can't read that muck."
"Gun to one's head, very powerful stimulus."
It'd be a damn shame if you had to drop out with a ruined knee.
The lousy painter. The one who never sold anything. Mitchell Anderson.
"Let me tell you something, I got a pocket full of ones and I ain't got no goddamn drawers on."
The Negro motioned him inside.
"Well, if I want a wild bull, I drink a Red Bull and kiss him. It was just that asshole, he just..."
The fat-kidneyed foreman requires your help.
"No one here gives a crap about the long term, Chapman."
"Give me the phone, you fuckface."
"Come on, doofus."
You're killing me anyway.
"We're both here for a different reason than these other leering cretins, and yet the net result is the same."
Give her some balls.
It's gone one bullet left in it... with your name on it.
Yeah? Can we have sex?
"I don't know what the fucking secret of life is,"
"Hey, little pig."
They look like hell!
You always leave me the dirty jobs!
You put me on that plane to die?
A gay divorcée who is after her ex
"Like I told you, rumor has it that a rogue member was tossed out on his arse."
"It was Gaspode, a picture of bowlegged misery."
"Ok, I will marry the ""Bilu Flim"" jerk tomorrow."
"I sucked up the fibers, and then spit them out bloodless and white, watching them drop to the floor like so much slop."
"“If this is the man who attacked the motorcade, the Greeks can file all the damn letters of protest they want.”"
"Next time, try ""fat and haggard. """
What are you guys leaving me with that crazy mother for?
"""Damn these traditions."
Don't fucking touch me!
Tigers and shit.
Or assuming that any suggestion Kev makes is a fucking waste of time.
"If we try to force that mutilated thing down Sam's gullet, it could be catastrophic."
"I killed my own freaking' dog, OK?"
That's my shit!
Why the fuck do you think I'm here?
They call me Orinoco Paul... ...because I know every goddamn bend in this river.
Punch us through.
"I loved this married man with all of my heart. But now this scumbag ditched me, for the young little reporter KIM Song-yi."
You can hang it from your nose for all I care.
"The sensation of listlessness, weariness, stupidity, this inability to sit down and do anything."
Sorry is for shits!
"And the two shall meet and struggle, and one shall be slain and the other shall be Overlord of all the World.'"
Lying big and getting the whole damn world to play along with you.
It's a fucking joke!
"Hey, get off me!"
I can't believe this shit!
"You and the Cardinal, as thick as thieves. 20 dead Musketeers."
"I lied to the pathetic hut, in the pathetic district of Kalkutta, and then I saw her twenty years old but still an old lady high into the ninties"
"Damn me, it seemed whatever I'd do, I do wrong."
So the Jew's a better lover.
"You know, he said it in like the fancy legal shit. But, but, yeah. He said people will protect their lives no matter what."
"""Marsh and his wretch of a clerk and someone named Mike were responsible."""
"Now, I figure I can make it in two and a half days, but I'm gonna have to haul ass."
Don't you give a shit what's going on?
"I think girls are a little weird, that's all."
Nasty Elves twisted it.
"I get talked to like crap by the chef and one of the waiters, they're both jerks, they both think they're special, and the truth is they haven't got one brain cell to rub together between 'em."
"Folks, folks, this is a shitty business."
I'm fucking sick of losing!
I probably need a full face transplant!
How am I supposed to deal with this fucked-up-ness?
And that the white woman's husband said that I raped his wife and that carries the death penalty in Chicago?
"Sensible Smolow, the Karl Jung of Eastern Missouri, died today in a crappy motel, his dick in between the slices of a roast-beef sandwich!"
Stop screwing around and keep your head in it!
"You're not much good to me alive are you, Turkish?"
I'm not sure I can trust this fart.
"Damn it, Dominic!"
"Demons, and wraiths, and devils comin' at me, chewing up my flesh, and crunching my bones."
"But we both know no matter how much help I gave, you'd still be here fuckin' complainin'."
Sucks.
"I'm working on it, piglet."
Who the hell is this?
You think I'm a fool!
"What the hell are you doing scaring our kids about the end of the world, Robert?"
I want a rotten egg for the simple reason that...
Damn. I'll take the kitchen.
"Meanwhile, Griffin Peterson and the other exiles pass the time on the ship to the New World. Aw, crap!"
"Oh, I'm so miserable!"
"You want us to kill them all? If they survive, they'll come back and tell my sister... that the Genii were involved."
"""Ah, Dedalus, whose mother died stupidly. """
The subject is sex and the disabled.
"Do you think I would not kill you for such treachery?"""
"Max, I love when you're dirty."
I like the way that they fuck!
Hybrids of the ass and zebra (zebrass) are classified in subheading 0106 19 00.
"Darrell, will you please stop screwing around?"
He doesn't give a shit.
"Anybody now caught spreading such stories... ...the Son of God, the Messiah and such, is to be judged an enemy of the State... ...and stoned until he's dead."
Happy fucking birthday!
I'm not telling you shit!
Cried like a little bitch.
"I will do what needs to be done, including destroying them, if I must."
Good Lord... why don't you just take your clothes down to the river and beat them with a rock?
Shannon was sucking face with her dad.
Nobody gives a shit. They don't need to see you. They don't need to see me.
"Judge Kevin, here's your first case. Bald!"
It's that damn heater make noise all day.
"Your office shall be here, In the head of a tyrannosaurus rex."
"Damn, I'm proud to be here."
On what? $43 and a smile and bullshit?
Being in this hellhole and human zoo for two years now.
"If you don't, then we're all dead."
So she's having intercourse...?
Two of them are moles.
And that was a goddamned shame.
"Some plumbing, painting, and shit."
You will not become a werewolf any more than I will sprout wings and fly out of that window.
"Shoot, kids today basically school themselves."
"I'm too dumb to put the whole picture together yet, but she fires up two cigarettes and hands me one, and I taste her lipstick on it. And suddenly, my heart's pounding so loud I can't hear anything else."
She was involved in loan-sharking and ran crap games all over Brooklyn.
"I traded a thumb tack for Meredith's junk, for Kelly's crap, for Phyilis's garbage, for Oscar's trash, for Stanley's crap, for Ryan's junk, for Creed's garbage, for a very cute squid that Erin happened to have."
What the hell?
What the heck?
I don't care how sick this kid is!
"He was crazy, and he kept on screaming,"
"Come on, any crap."
"The Hillmen (dumb name for a team, but what's so bright about being known as the Terriers when you get right down to it?) went forty yards on their first two plays, going through our defensive line like cheese through a goose."
"A good place to relive the glory days, get out of the grit, talk, laugh, shoot the shit."
That ass?
"Quarter of a billion alpha males in the world, and we get the dog shit one."
"FucK, yeah."
Did you think I'm the type of man who would have sex with another woman without asking my wife?
"Robbing, murdering, ransacking churches."
It's my fault your life is miserable?
"I mean, the first time they stopped the game... ...to cut away to a fucking commercial,that was the end of it."
Murderer.
"Take your hands off me, you Oriental fool!"
"To get to you, and get rid of me."
I've read some scenes and it sucked.
Lawrence of my labia.
"They asked if more paramedics were needed to carry his big ass, if the stretcher was reinforced or something, if he would fit in the ambulance."
You fucking knew.
"If she didn't sell this, she was stuck in hell."
"I'm just fucking with you, Bruce."
Always leaving you when you've just had the crap kicked out of you.
Carrie and I will hit the school.
Hands on my tits.
"You've no idea who you're dealing with. So fucking enlighten me, because right now you are dealing with me."
"And ""helping the cops"" sounds better than ""I've been driving aimlessly in my truck"" 'cause I don't know what the fuck else to do."""
"Finally, he butted his head into the man's face, grabbed his throat and hammered the man's head against the beams until he was senseless."
Who the hell would want to party here?
"His hands hesitated at my waist, and he glanced at my bum leg."
Or teach math to a kid who's brain-damaged from fetal alcohol syndrome.
"Maybe if you had done your part, calmed the fucking waters a little, instead of treeing the county commissioner, the hooples would have gone and got their loads on - and been waiting for your next edition."
"Black Dynamite, you were blessed with the talent to fuck up a sucker."
"This is sick, Courtney."
"Yeah, it's goddamn your fault, I..."
"Why did you let the architect, 'cuisine' put on the kitchen wall, it's stupid, I know that the kitchen is."
I went in the kitchen and prepared you a little Damn!
"""Shut it!"" Raistlin screamed."
"NEIL STEPHENS, OR RATHER DCAK, wanted to shoot Bree Stone full of holes right there in front of the house."
"Gabby, what the hell?"
I... I cannot believe that I made such an ass
"What the hell are we doing, guys?"
"A Hindu suicide bomber, that is more of a threat."
"Although you're happy to tell me when you're sleeping in your car and you need to have a bath, then you can't keep your mouth shut, but this you're keeping shtum about?"
"Now get on that radio, Officer, and right the hell now!"""
My parents are such suck-ups.
I bet it's her tushie.
"""It'll be damned cold out there, Connie."""
How ridiculous.
Rip your fuckin' lungs out?
If not you make her kiss me.
They're fat and they're earthy.
You fuck me over and someone else takes my place.
"They're often called familiars of witches, but that's nonsense."
"Nigger General and Hostetler brung that horse back to camp, got away from 'em and trampled the sheriff's boy."
"Man, that's the same relationship crap men and women go through."
Love makes you stupid!
Remember making fun of Britta's boyfriend's tiny nipples?
"""Nigel can jump like a *Cat."
"""find out where it leads to, demon!"""
I hope you like soup... ...because I'm about to knock every one of your teeth...
"I said crazy things, I obviously offended you... ...I insulted your intelligence."
"And Jedi's the most insulting installment! Because Vader's beautiful black visage is sullied. .. when he pulls off his mask to reveal a feeble, crusty, old white man."
The fuck you talking about?
"Remember what Nolan said. She's a liar! I was to be a spy for the Votanis Collective, a double agent."
"By ""escort,"" you mean prostitute?"
From the moment you resist the Japanese Army You are already a dead man
He's batty...Everybody's making fun of him!
"And her hand, dug in between their bodies, was wrapped around his erection."
"If you were my son, Mac... I would have smothered you by now."
"That is a damn, damn shame."
But I don't wantto give you one more day to fuck with the people I care about.
Dont be childish!
Where's your balls?!
I don't understand why you're such a freakin' martyr all the time.
Are you fucking deaf?
"look, shitbird, I get that you've got a job to do."
"I need you to burn 'em out... on hilltop Alpha, shift to Alpha Bravo!"
"She was bright, beautiful, and physically adept enough so she could kick his ass if she felt like it."
"Clear your head, forget about her. Love is shit, just like she said."
I'm sorry. I'm such a doofus!
You know how wacko he gets! And with you doing Bobby like that!
Wanted him to suffer.
Ain't nobody watching over these crooks.
Psycho.
Are you trying to make a fool of me?
"If Cal is found dead, I die, too... inside."
"If we don't cut off her arm, Harvey, we're gonna lose the patient."
"Oh, Hermes, I've been such a fool."
Hammond is going like a crazy man.
Negro girls. Young ones.
What the hell you guys doing?
""" The whore nodded knowingly and took the money."
"With half an eye on the bluish glow of the TV screen, the spoiled white bitches would watch the events of the day as they waved their hands to hasten the drying of their nail polish."
We have been through this a hundred times. She was crazy.
Would you or would you not pull an ass out of a pit on the sabbath?
I could have shot you down and Cristabell would never have returned your calls.
"He couldn't quite bring himself to explain to Abigail that she was a lunatic, so instead he swallowed all of the many arguments which must have presented themselves to him and simply nodded."
Jan Di Cleaners... You're so dead now.
"Unfortunately, young bodies have a mind of their own BIKKIT!"
"We did, and we'd bury them anyway."
"No, no. I'd take a nail gun, and I'd find a nice, soft spot between the bones in your feet, and I'd go"
Hide and ambush the sheriff.
Go poke him.
"He has totally shit, but he breathes."
"Sorry my ninja, these damn masks man."
"I'm a failed actress, a failed artist. I'm not much good as a mother."
You thought he was gonna be the only one who thought that was stupid?
Killin' someone on purpose.
Y'all can kiss my ass.
"With this government, no fucking trial."
He's a damn fine commander.
Destroy Robinson family. Destroy. Destroy.
Black taking over guns looks like a power shift.
"Goddamn it, breathe."
"The lady... is a fuckin' saint, right?"
You're a kos'kari trying to lure me away.
"Shit, I seen this one."
We're letting them take us to our death like sheep to the slaughter!
"But if you've seen pics of one chick sucking off a donkey, you've seen them all."
It's no big deal if you can't. Are you crazy?
"One, two, three, four, poke that pussy till it's sore."
Get your ass to Mars... go to the Hilton and flash the Brubaker l.D. at the desk.
"Sounds wrong to put a woman in a dog suit, but... aw, hell."
"Mickey, since you got here, you've been nothing but judgmental and pushy and strangely obsessed with your adolescent sex life."
He's not feeling well. f*c* you!
"Oh, we've got a psychotic serial killer in the family, loves to butcher people on Halloween, and..."
"Shut up! Please. Please don't hurt me, Harlan."
Don't be daft.
I think I need to empty my refrigerator and set it on fire.
You be sure to let me know next time you wanna finger-fuck my wife.
He speaks damn well with his sword though.
"""The fools here think it disgusting but I call it fascinating."
What the hell you gonna do up there?
"Shut up. Come on, man."
"But why take the time, effort, and risk to return all the other kids just to kill this one?"
"It makes my job a lot easier But if I find proof that ties any of this shit back to you, you ain't never going to see Japan again Neither will that pretty little daughter of yours"
"Yeah, along with our asses if we don't get out of here fast."
Shit! How do we get the money now?
"So- hey, I'm fucking talking."
"Chloe, we're gonna try to get rid of brainiac, okay? Just hang on."
"You will drive this car to Curtis, give it to him and piss off."
you filmed us having sex? you're upset?
"If it was standing when he shot, if he shot down into the top of the head, the bullet was less likely than a Magnum load to exit the lower jaw and tear the bosom."
"Oh, and a wee girl saw the whole fucking thing."
And if we ran with Linderman's money he wouldn't just kill me.
Where the fuck is he?!
"She yanked, but the gun was strapped across the butt and wouldn't come free."
"I was, er, showing it off, like, and then the next thing you know, I was battering him around the fuckin' head with it."
"Dad, I'm not using that piece of crap to film the birth of my first niece."
Goddamn it !
"Why, even I, a midget beside him, felled him with a single blow of my fist."
I've had sex with a lot of women.
She's probably murdered.
Do you think he spilled his fucking heart out to me?
Only the most foolish of captains would dare to sail a ship through this!
This pill's damn strong.
Also dumping about a pint of Chivas between the teeny tits of the woman who gave him a job when he had none.
The crotch hockey players just bought two bottles of stupidly expensive Tequila.
Most of the crowd were young teenagers in a ridiculous collection of oversized clothing and punk hairstyles.
"You haven't heard shit. We got most of the bugsies locked down now, But some of them are still loose."
I made him gay.
Shit. Don't come any closer.
A man with an electric bullhorn who alternately praised Garraty and advertised his own candidacy to represent the second district; a woman with a big crow in a small cage which she hugged jealously to her giant bosom; a human pyramid made out of college boys in University of New Hampshire sweatshirts; a hollow-cheeked man with no teeth in an Uncle Sam suit wearing a sign which said: WE GAVE AWAY THE PANAMA CANAL TO THE COMMUNIST NIGGERS.
I don't ever want to see you again.
Javier just fed me some crap about a last-minute business trip to San Antonio?
Three nights later I stabbed them all to death in their sleep.
It will be attacked and destroyed.
"I was in a Lot of pain... ...and when I heard that second shot, I kept my goddamn head down."
"But you gotta admit, you are a little sensitive about this shit."
Nurses are very hot to go to bed with.
It should have been aborted.
"I want you out of here by tonight, before your little rats can do any more damage."
Poland's always bred prigs.
You are both out of here.
You mean having sex?
You must have put a bug up his ass.
"""A total loser."""
"Shit, on the 15, it's at least another 150 miles to the next town."
"I'm gonna hang your eyes from my rearview mirror."""
These lessons suck.
"God, that was crazy of her."
I'm the fucking mayor.
That pussycat?
You know what? Fuck you!
"I know she sounds nuts, but it's a very common cartoon."
Don't listen to these bucktoothed hillbillies.
Fillet of fuckin' steak.
That's Jones with the skinny white broad.
"Before the noble white man arrived, these monkeys populated Canada."
"He was transferred from infantry to tanks and back again, which is as daft as someone leading the show jumping because they're good at hockey."
You think I enjoyed going to bed with a worm like Ray? Shut up!
I don'tknow shit about what you're talking about.
"Your secretary's crazy, Charles!"
You stole half that shit from Rocky Vl.
Kill the sprinklers in the Impressionist Wing now.
"Yeah, shit. This your keg?"
"You might get by in the Bronx with that kind of shit... but down here, 800 a month is chicken feed."
"""Leonardo was a terrible monster."
"So now I got this shit-covered squirrel down there in my office, don't know what to name it."
"""He's Aldo because he dresses like a dweeb ."
You want to torture your parents?
"Well, it sounds like you're no longer degrading yourself by hanging out with those perverted musicians all the time."
"Ok,nicer than him."
"No, like... really, really fucked up."
Is that the motherfucker that was at the mall the other day?
"And to me, your faith seems obscure and neurotic."
"I can't believe I ever trusted you, you lousy..."
"Damn it, tell Trudy I loved her best."
But I should hit my cousin. Go to hell.
The guy with the radio says it's gonna shit potatoes pretty quick.
Send these two to the dungeon.
By assassinating His Majesty.
"That scum, that boyfriend of hers There's no telling what he forced her to do before I came along -- I wasn't going to let her get dragged into a murder investigation"
I could knock out a hundred men with this gun and have plenty of time to make a getaway.
"My answer was so fucking boring, I could have died... again."
What the hell is wrong with you?
"You know, I thought, she's got something new--her tits; the groom is borrowed, since sooner or later, he'll return to the women of greater Miami-dade; and as for something blue, well, there will be plenty of blue days living with the world's biggest asshole, so all that's missing is something old."
"Hey, personally, lieutenant, I hope they fall flat on their asses."
What if I don't take care of you after I got the world championship? You'll be miserable.
But I don't give a shit.
"I saw what happened. óBil,you were right. I have become a complete ass."
It'll be the most kick-ass funeral ever.
"Look, I fucking took that. Okay?"
Get off him!
"The clown! If one must be a philosopher, let him be Aristophanes."
"What the shit, cyril?"
"So don't forget, you are stardust."
"All right, you chipmunks."
I want to jam this in your head hole.
"More trash. You know, there's some medical waste over there you can go play with if you're interested."
I think I stink.
God damn it!
"It always stinks,it never starts."
My father has boils. He vomiteth pus.
Disgusting...
But you have to bring your best... and you focus on nothing but kicking ass.
You've got a hell of a fucking nerve.
"Damn it, I'm not proud of that."
Did you know that sheep are so dumb that If the lead sheep jumps the cliff The rest of the flock will follow?
Their feet reek! It's revolting!
"He would spy on what the witches were up to, and then he could wipe out the entire Mother School if he wished."
Don't be a fool.
"We don't need a tracker, we need a fuckin' guide."
Like a dumb animal! I can't... I can't die out here in the woods... ...like a dumb animal.
Drop your fucking gun!
"But, you fucking kidnapped me. Yes."
It's gonna solve my desire to punch my brother in the face!
She's going to die.
So I really hope you ain't expecting shit from me today!
"It sucks out of him until he'd shrunk... ...so wrinkled and yellow, even the dogs don't know him."
This guy knows his shit.
Please shut up.
"This silly boy doesn't really want it, and I really do."""
"and Yahzee... and a couple of sergeants, Enders and Henderson, who, if I'm understanding these orders correctly, will be covering our Navajos' asses."
You think I give a shit?
You're a Basque with a hernia.
What? Who the hell did that to my mom at the Drunken Barn Dance?
There's only one person bold enough to steal from the wicked witch.
So you best just shut your mouth and mind your own business.
There's no freaking way.
My excrements are like goat's ones... ... because of my thinness.
"Now, this drooling, pigment-challenged, mixed-race woman is my wife, Rainbow."
Where Hungarian lads now live and die
No doubt she'il seize the opportunity to get rid of the wretched Mrs. Croft.
So... the Justice League finally provided scanners... to every government on Earth to root out... those filthy little aliens posing as real human beings.
Which is amazing to me because you're the child of two morons who just posted the lowest score in the history of the G.E.D.
Don't make fools of yourselves
"ln Munich, a Herr Hitler is preparing a putsch with thousands of starving soldiers and madmen in uniform."
"No, Freddo, back! - Shit!"
"I ain't told them shit, but I don't like the look on their faces."
"Never! No, I’ll go forth and fight and kill like none before me!"
Feel sorry for your new fat BFF.
One way to eliminate some of us.
Once again we have killed our enemies!
I don’t know shit about you.
YOU LOOK EVEN PRETTIER IN YOUR SCRUBS.
We're going to shoot!
"No, no, it's not a blowjob from my mother, okay?"
She told you I was a premature ejaculator?
I still can't believe that shit.
I don't have to take this shit!
The black-haired tramp!
"Damn, you would have been a great family doctor."
But that was just a ploy to get my face out of his armpit.
That is just too damned small.
So pleased with your grubby little murder.
"Well, that's a funny place to put a shoulder, on my boob."
Were you thinking about them when you dropped your filthy bombs?
"It's an active goddamn investigation, And I'm not gonna stand around..."
"And the dog's like, are you shitting me right now?"
I'd like some plain films of this guy's neck.
I hacked my wife into 52 pieces.
"But if you miss, you've been beat not once.... .... but twice, bv a slow, white, geeky chump."
"I mean, the first time they stopped the game... ...to cut away to a fucking commercial, that was the end of it."
It's what Voight wants. - Damn it.
"Toad has a wicked tongue, Senator."
"If the Chigs come across the grave, they'll dig it up and mutilate the body."
I did the same damn thing to him.
"Where were you, you fool?"
What t he hell are you doing here?
Cecil says video games turn people into demented sociopaths.
"Oh, the white woman."
"Just shut up and go to sleep, okay?"
"I've been trying like a motherfucker to get it out, but the universe was fighting me on it."
"The fuck are you doing in my neighborhood, boy?"
She'll have sex with anyone as long as they keep buying her things.
Too bad his brains are in his biceps.
Should let Mr. Nobody die a natural death?
"'You don't fuck around with the infinite,' he said."
She was going to die soon
I don't like your eyes.
"They won't kill the witch, but they will stun the crap out of her."
I shall forbid it and dismantle his church.
It's a government-funded pathetic friend.
And I got black ones for the guys.
"Yeah, he got his first kill."
"I' m afraid Mozart is a Lost cause, baron."
"Break my fuckin' nose, man."
"How the hell you get a truck, man, you don't know how to drive it?"
"I fought to get you into that bar, and then you blow the fucking place up!"
What the hell are you talking about?!
"Hey, see, we can all break shit."
He knew you were hard to kill.
"""Shoot."""
Why we ain't gonna bring the shit in?
"""We 're nOt dead."
Levántate and déjame to watch to your ridiculous face.
"Look, you can bitch to me or you can do something about it, but we're running out of casting directors."
"Well, hoo-fucking-rah' Omar."
You've money to show this dimwit's horoscope.. ..but not for us.
You don't have to.Shut up.
"""Shot me, Lloyd !"
"I'm a failure, Lyndsey."
A few of the jackasses down there ducked.
Kiss your mother once for you and twice for me.
"He has paid his shot, poor shrew, nor will it be long, mayhap, ere I pay mine."
"I'm a federal agent, God damn it!"
You bitch! Why didn't you just tell me it was a rum and Coke?
"Like, a jerk-off tape."
You always were good at keeping your mouth shut.
"Those were good years, he told himself, a damned sight better than sitting at a desk with a lot of vapid aides running around."
"God, that smells fucking awful."
I can smell their stench.
Good. I want to rip this whole goddamn schedule apart.
Where's the fifth? Damn it!
"And you're some creepy stalker dude last seen on ""America's Most Wanted."""
"A collection of fetal pigs was lined up on one of the four counters, which were filled with wedding bands, watches, military medals, and junk gold chains."
"Come on, let's raise some hell."
"I'm a farm boy, dummies."
That's a hell of a body shot.
"I mean, there's some lady who wants to break up with a loser, another ""who ""wants to be closer to mommy."""
It's very sad to see the beautiful islands in the Caribbean becoming neon-lit whorehouses for the Japanese.
I'm happy to tell her. don't be stupid.
Weemack down to Pascagoula and gettin' himself a big ol' thumpety stereo so he can listen to that trash!
You telling me that the thing ain't creeping the shit out of you?
Don't you fucking dare!
You and your useless gods.
I don't owe them a goddamn thing!
"I'll swear my vote in... shut up, you Mick!"
You're going to ruin your nails. You're pigs!
Just another fat fuck walkin' out of the casino with a suitcase.
I threw some other girl at you.
Damned hard to forget.
"But it's some nice shit though, I'll tell you that much."
I didn't sabotage shit.
I will stay with them if you want to leave without them bastard
Shit I did to you.
"Hello, my feeble turtle-duck."
Please don't make me do this. 烧了它 Burn it.
"The doctors are divas, if you see them."
"All Richard's trembling, eager power wouldn't keep him from getting his throat ripped out."
"The guy's a cokehead, for chrissake."
"It just burns my butt you're even asking me about bullets, Agent Gibbs."
You think if the Chevy plant was hiring I would choose to come here and babysit these pisspots?
"All right, I put BenGay in all her bra cups. Good."
She thought my job was stupid.
I'm going to kiss you.
She's a liar!
I deserve somebody who gives a shit.
Are you fucking mute?
Killed elsewhere.
How gross!
Always tryin' to kill somebody.
Kill the water and steam.
And I'm miserable.
'Why sit in with a massive bug up my arse 'when I could be out having good time?'
We're haulin' ass.
Are you stabbing me in the back?
"Because we don't wanna go up there, shoot up a bunch of people... ...and get Bragg into court to have you dry up and blow away."
"""One's the old deaf and dumb Spaniard that's ben around here once or twice, and t'other's a mean-looking, ragged -- """
Lust and filth. That's what you're selling.
This is our golden ticket into the fucking chocolate factory right here.
"Goddamnit, you cannot just leave us here!"
"You destroy it, the world will never see its like again."
Who's fucking Morris?
"Not to his face, of course. Not to his ass, either!"
* they'il shoot you with a shotgun *
"You think I wanted to spend $10,000 on your ass?"
An army of rabble.
"Yeah, a bigger trash can."
"Dad, I'm sick of losing to those nerd engineers from Lockheed Martin."
His fists clenched into angry balls.
"'I treasure my ignorance,' said Moist."
"And thank you, Hillary, for kicking her ass!"
What do you think of this twisted garbage?
He was a bloody warmonger!
"""Roy's -- crazy!"" panted Dale."
Turned the jewelry store into a wild west show... and you wonder why the fuckin' cops show up?
Because the smell - not in his nose but in the center of his head - is rotted baloney.
"But, Mom-- Shut up!"
"The noise of the engines made it like sleeping out in the boonies with insects swarming around all the time, always ready to suck your blood, and you could never make the little bastards go away."
What about your head? You have a blood clot the size of a grapefruit.
I just... ...got shit going on.
"That's too bad, freak."
Look at the spectacle and the glitter and shit!
"You just need to spend the rest of this trip getting your thoughts straightened out and deciding what you're going to do to the next sexist twit."""
Weird ass country.
"Wretched peasants, put aside your cares and feast on the succulent flesh of the roast munchkin!"
"And if they're not dead yet, they die."
I'll pee on your carpet.
I mean you fucking looooove him.
"Ow, bitch, what's up with you?"
Do not add your own death to this tragedy. I beg you.
But here's a question I'd like to pass on to you from every son of every crap dad that ever lived.
"He told her: My daddy always said that when you was in a shit-throwing contest, it didn't matter how much you threw but how much stuck to you."
Let it go. Get the fuck out of here. Hey...
I'm going to have to start selling shit pretty soon.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah? I appreciate your honesty. And I know it's hard, but I feel like someone's blowing smoke up my ass."
Maybe you're just a puppet working for the Frankfort boys.
You're both nutty.
"I would have preferred a big nose, or a weak heart, or a humped back."
Tell your heart don't let me die
"Well,if you could move the island whenever you wanted, why didn't you just move it before the psychos with guns got here?"
"What the heck are you saying, this is my house!"
What were you doing standing in the damn road?!
"I don't wanna see you, talk to you, kick it with you, skate with you."
'Will you shut up!' said the major.
They fucked up my life.
I think you're just afraid to admit that you enjoy killing.
"Don't think you won't Be found, fassett. And don't think you won't Be exterminated."
"Look, go in the back, get some coffee, go home, go the fuck to sleep."
Fuck that shit. I scrub drums for no man.
Release my brain and my heart Free me from my substance Cut away my tongue and my sex.
You're not stopping the goddamn train!
"I hope annabel thanked you, sal, Because you saving her ass may have put yours in jail."
"She didn't understand, not even with all of her psychological crap behind her."
"Yeah, you heard me right, I want four big fucking dogs..."
"Do you really believe a black life is worth as much as a white one? Yes, I do."
"You're fucking living the dream, Michaels!"
He's in a lot better shape than those fuckin' nuns you got up there.
"Martin, stop screwing around."
What's the fucking point if I can't drink a little rum?
"Hey, what the hell are you doing? Sam."
"I want it too, but now most of those kids are chimps."
"Seven billion narcissists all alone together on a big, dead rock."
"You're usually a better liar, baby brother."
Because you're a greedy fuck and you'll get me more money than anyone else.
"He is a cursed immortal existing on violence, fear and dread."
"Oh, you really have no fucking clue who you're dealing with, do you?"
Who the hell do you think you're talking to?
That monster showed no mercy to those women.
"""Don't be a fool, Soth,"" she said, pulling the bell rope hastily."
Oh Millie. I would never shitcan you.
"I happen to know that you kick ass out there, and you worked very hard to get to where you are."
"Give or take. Whatever went through him, went through the damn floor..."
I gotta fucking get out of here.
I was stupidly in love.
Only goddamn intelligent horse.
"When they get around women like this, they both have these stupid things they go to."
"If he were under surveillance again—well, every few years some security officer or other would get a bug up his ass and recheck everyone at the Ministry."
Oh. maybe I am. but I'm not the wanker has you pullin' your hair out every other night. and me havin' to suffer it.
D- e-r-z-m-o-n-d.
You like making him miserable.
"Burn my mama's house down, will you? You goddamn worm."
"Walk her around, she's obviously a boozehound."
What mattered now was finding Maeve's boys and stealing them out of the hands of their crazy grandfather.
Don't make a liar out of me.
"But, as he'd expected, a woman of Gallanti's mindset was always prepared to assume that everyone around her except lunatics would agree with her."
She'il kick over the bucket.
"I mean, you're loyal and lethal."
The police claim the guy was an addict needing money to score. It's bullshit.
So damn dark the bats run into each other.
You think the Yemeni people are little birds with broken wings?
"As your commanding officer,... ..or as your friend who nursed you, pushed promotions,... ..and fucking burped your kids at their baptisms?"
"Don't be silly, Anna."
"I think I lost my green card. - Damn, Fez."
"Shit, it's a bit early for Halloween, champ."
Fire on all enemy ships.
"Biles, why are you a freak?"
You're such a dirty old man.
"They caught us by surprise and either we run them into exhaustion and they stop, or they catch us and slaughter us."
How the hell are we going to get them out of this scene?
"Men say a lot of fucking things, Daisy, all day long, but mostly at night."
"I feel invalidated. Marshall, when you talk, I feel shut up!"
"I think I put more fear in you, son of a whore."
"When I first told him about you... he said, ""Oh, crap!"" and stormed out."
"So, Rome's finally given up on this shithole of a country, then?"
"By the way, what the fuck are you doing here?"
I don't fuckin' believe this!
"Hit him, Dad."
"But if it costs molly her life or her sanity, it'll kill me."
What's this fucking star in your mouth?
He can get the sex tape off the internet!
"well--well, then why did you have to fuck her, dad?"
"I'm just fuckin' always broke, you know?"
"Get off me, man!"
"Did you? Oh, shit."
Who in the hell you looking for?
It's a pity you didn't do the same to those bloody hoodies. Hanging around. Loitering.
Boil a few eggs and fuck a lot and can't take the time to call home.
"I mean, not with a baseball or a banana - that's ridiculous."
"You don't think that, you know, maybe maybe if you didn't molest her, she would be a fucking junkie, did her?"
"We got everything here... from ""Little-Eye Joel"" to ""Damned if I know""."
"Sure,if I can call you g.I.-jackass."
'Cause you can't open your freaking mail!
I'm gay. Of course you are.
Dick. You got those stars?
NUTS! The American Commander.'
"Yeah, because the only thing you're more addicted to than booze is having a baby, which is sad, because, hell, you're friggin' barren."
"If I don't turn this thing on right now, we'il hit somebody."
Fucking help me out here.
Get the fuck out here!
"You might not have liked his word, but at least you could count on the fact. That he would carry it out, opposition be damned."
"I mean, you got people hiding shit, storing shit, stealing shit, you know?"
"They weren’t fools, those men."
"The only thing wet on that shit better be the syrup,"
They wouldn't give medals to cowards.
Just Henry Wilcox's head on a spike.
They don't know shit.
"Evil, dangerous vermin."
"To the beach, bitches."
"Cops show up on my doorstep, we will know who sent them... ...and we will fucking find you."
"I'm gonna get what I need from you, even cut you open to find it."
Why the fuck would you wanna steal his tiger?
Poor bastard.
We are so screwed.
"We're watching the damn movie, Harry."
"You open up a company, called ""Arse Ticklers Faggots Fan Club"""
"I visit one, three-quarters of your stupid friends to visit a ... and another quarter would have a visit."
"Idiot. Your wife just died, and you're talking about recipes?"
"And this one, you, in your $3.000 suit, smug smile on your face, dealing for that piece of shit."
"Him, his rich father, the judge, the fat-cat lawyer."
"Ciao, Knives."
"I was watching the news. I'm like, ""Am I involved in this crap?"""
Apparently that pig's been sniffing round again!
"To satisfy the men and goblins, Hartraft’s Marauders had to be annihilated."
"He was mean, with his head shaved to the scalp."
"Yeah. Turned out it wasn't a tree, it was a fat girl?"
Will you poop on me?
"Fool that I am, I figured I'd give you first crack on the basis of our friendship."
"Mike, burn it."
Let's start with you walkin' around looking like the woman you murdered.
"You took a whole society down, Quinn, and all you had to do was breathe, man. You're nuts."
Get off him!
There's a tournament in Las Vegas. I feel so dumb I didn't think about it before.
Perhaps because the doctor looked like that nearly forgotten dirty boy of his youth.
"Yeah, a buddy of mine in one seven had to fucking clean up a Humvee that got hit like that."
"Now, I give each one of my wrestlers one shot to save their ass before I toss them from the team."
They work on all kinds of crazy shit.
I love this little Buddha you shot out of your vag.
Would you like a boobs... ? Booth?
You frigging enjoying this?
"I said, ""I'd love to see you, you know, fucking do what I do."""
"It's not about the handjob, Ron."
"You attract trouble like flies around rotting mango, and you're insane..."
"If you win, slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, 'Hi, Phoebe!' """
"Damn, Mama, you still got it."
"Not a patriotic thought among them, but if Tomjon asked them, this bunch of drunkards would storm die Patrician's palace tonight."
I could do without the self-reflective crap.
Sure. He's a nice murderer who keeps his word.
The wayfolken laughed in hell.
I don't think the witches like you being here.
Are you the one killing people?
"Stop fucking around, Jeff."
"'You shall have all of that and more,' Wratha nodded, and turned to Vasagi the Suck."
"Well, there's a tree in my living room, so go nuts, and thanks, by the way."
"Not the roof! The hood, you idiot!"
"Fuck, man, why y'all didn't fucking do nothing?"
"Hurt your back, get some Percoset."
"What human myth has mistaken for ""cupid"" Is actually a lower order of angel."
"Mike, he's gonna bleed out."
I'm fucked!
So exactly how sick are you gonna make Matty?
I think the women's liberation movement is an excuse... ...for every poor female pig who needed a reason... ...not to clean up after themselves.
"Talk to the Shame Puppet, Julian."
"Whatever, damn."
"Good night, young lovers. Shut up."
"Once I learn who libelled him, I'll have the sheriff give the brute a public hanging."
What went to shit for you? ~ Sure you don't want that drink? ~ Did you talk your way into trouble?
With the fucking money from the press?
"But underneath, she was a thief. Uh-oh."
"I've got a team member in the burn unit, the guy who did it out on the street... and you think now is a good time to screw with my family?"
They're all so fucking punctual!
No. He's just another dumb john.
Jack has a bad feeling about this; has since he heard Ernie say who was leading the fools' parade.
"So, I'd be like a nanny and shit?"
"Now the tripper may not kill korrok, but it will sure fuck his shit up."
Big fucking mouth you mean.
And I lowered myself beneath her swollen udder... ...and I sucked the sweetest milk I had ever tasted.
That rat.
You're panicking on the phone in a locked house because the neighbors are going door to door to set up a ridiculous 7-foot tall snowman!
"I was just crazy Terror, the wimp... ...and he belonged too."
Hey! You get the fuck out now!
"I shall serve out the rest of my term as consul, and then retire quietly to the provinces where I will plough my fields and fuck my slaves."
Either burned up or drowned.
"""If she did not, then she is a fool."
You fuck girls with that pecker?
You'll find all types of weird shit in there.
We could both hang.
"Wait, you guys haven't had sex yet?"
Hey. The cops are gonna crush her on that gun.
"You know, you should get stung more often."
"They're a big gang of thugs, aren't they?"
"Well, shave me down and call me a mole rat."
